Between 2006 and 2011, Tucker Carlson spent approximately an hour a week calling in to Bubba the Love Sponge, a popular shock jock radio program where he spoke with the hosts about a variety of cultural and political topics in sometimes-vulgar terms. During those conversations, Carlson diminished the actions of Warren Jeffs, then on the FBI’s “Ten Most Wanted Fugitives” list for his involvement in arranging illegal marriages between adults and underage girls, talked about sex and young girls, and defended statutory rape. Carlson, who was hired by Fox News in 2009, also used sexist language to talk about women, including then-co-workers at NBC and public figures. He referred to Martha Stewart’s daughter Alexis Stewart as “cunty,” called journalist Arianna Huffington a “pig,” and labeled Britney Spears and Paris Hilton “the biggest white whores in America.” He also said that women enjoy being told to “be quiet and kind of do what you’re told” and that they are “extremely primitive.”

Talking about underage girls and sex, and minimizing and defending statutory rape

Tucker Carlson said underage marriage is not “the same thing exactly as pulling a child from a bus stop and sexually assaulting that child. ... The rapist in this case has made a lifelong commitment to live and take care of the person so it is a little different.”

CO-HOST: In the eyes of the law, people that are under 16 cannot consent to sex for any reason! BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, Tucker. CO-HOST: God! CARLSON: I don't -- in the state of -- it varies by state. I mean, I know that -- CO-HOST: I think he's in federal prison, though. We're talking about the -- THE LOVE SPONGE: You know, all too often, Manson thinks that you're a god, but he's disgusted by you today. He really is. CARLSON: OK. CO-HOST: Having sex with a -- CARLSON: I'm not -- CO-HOST: 15-year-old is -- CARLSON: Look, just to make it absolutely clear. I am not defending underage marriage at all. I just don't think it's the same thing exactly as pulling a child from a bus stop and sexually assaulting that child. CO-HOST: Yeah, it's -- you know what it is? It's much more planned out and plotted. THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, it should be almost -- you almost should put a premeditation -- CARLSON: Wait, wait! Hold on a second. The rapist, in this case, has made a lifelong commitment to live and take care of the person, so it is a little different. I mean, let's me honest about it. CO-HOST: That's twisted. CARLSON: I'm sorry, I don't know how I -- CO-HOST: That's demented. CARLSON: I got myself in a position that seem like I'm defending it, because I am against that. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, via YouTube, 08/27/09]

After Bubba the Love Sponge described underage girls at Tucker Carlson's daughter’s boarding school experimenting sexually with each other, Carlson said, “If it weren't my daughter I would love that scenario.”

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: The difference between blue-blooded rich people from Georgetown in Washington, D.C., and hillbillies from Warsaw, Indiana? Boarding school, to me when we were growing up, was what they threatened you with when you were a complete dick and unmanageable. CO-HOST: They called it reform school. THE LOVE SPONGE: Well, whatever. They said, we're sending you away to school. CO-HOST: Yeah. THE LOVE SPONGE: That's like considered a blue-blooded treat in the circles [inaudible] jackass. It's still the same. CO-HOST: They've got their kids duped. THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah. TUCKER CARLSON: That is so funny. I am gonna -- when I see her this weekend I'm gonna tell her you said that. THE LOVE SPONGE: How's this prison-like facility doing? CARLSON: If you had seen it -- it's literally, the school is in a Robin Williams movie and I can never remember -- I've never seen it, but it's Mr. Chips or -- it's a movie that Robin Williams did about boarding school. CO-HOST: Dead Poets Society? THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah. Dead Poets Society. CARLSON: Yeah. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And it was shot at her school. THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, I bet it was. CARLSON: It's a good-looking place. I mean, it's a great-looking place. THE LOVE SPONGE: I know. It costs $60,000 a year. My God. CARLSON: What they do is they hide the concertina wire. I mean, it's there, you know, but it's behind the guard towers so you can't really see it as well as you would normally. No, trust me, you will send your kids to boarding school. THE LOVE SPONGE: No, I will not, I promise you that. I love my kids and I want to hang on to them and love them and give them a kiss at night and not have to talk to them via AT&T and text them and things like that. Then they throw me a bone that I get to see them every fifth weekend. That's considered, you know, a privilege. By the way, it's my kid last time I checked. Jesus. You rich people. CARLSON: My daughter, who's a big Bubba fan, will definitely be amused. THE LOVE SPONGE: Well tell her that Bubba, big Bubba, is the one that's sticking up for her trying to get her back into the big house. I mean, you're treating her like a slave. Yeah, Master Dad, I'd love to be back in the big house, Master Dad. I don't like living in a dormitory with other bad girls, please, Master Dad. She's probably picking up -- CARLSON: Cold water showers and mush. THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah. You don't -- those rich kids, man. It's hard telling some of the stuff she's gonna pick up. CARLSON: Yeah. It’s -- look, actually, I think it's a more sheltered environment than it is going to-- THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah. CO-HOST: Right. THE LOVE SPONGE: Let me just give you an example, OK? When she's laying her head in your bed at night, you know who the hell's in her bedroom and what they're doing. Nobody, just her. Well, when she's in a dormitory-type setting and these little girls start experiment around, next thing you know, you know, you got a lesbian on your hands. CARLSON: I don't think -- I don't think that's likely. CO-HOST: Next thing you know, boom. CARLSON: I don't think that's -- THE LOVE SPONGE: Boom. Next thing you know -- CO-HOST: Lesbian. CARLSON: I don't think that's likely. I just don't see it. THE LOVE SPONGE: Next thing you know, [inaudible], what's going on in the [inaudible] dormitory? Nothing. I don't got a PSP to play, I ain't got nothing going on, I ain't got my mom and dad here telling me that they love me and tuck me in bed. So, here's Trixie, she wants to explore my body a little bit, so hey, let's go crazy. CO-HOST: Wow. You're a sicko. CARLSON: If it weren't my daughter I would love that scenario. CO-HOST: That's one theory. THE LOVE SPONGE: Well I mean it's a -- Manson, Manson, can you tell him -- CARLSON: But I just can't. And I just think that's pretty unlikely -- THE LOVE SPONGE: As outlandish as that is, how old is your daughter? CARLSON: 14. THE LOVE SPONGE: Manson, can you please try to help me out here. CO-HOST: No. I think you're on your own on this one. I think you're crazy. THE LOVE SPONGE: Screw you, Manson. Fourteen-year-old girls, man, are getting into that sort of deal. Manson, you yourself told me that the new cool thing amongst girls is what? CO-HOST: To be a fake lesbian. THE LOVE SPONGE: Thank you. So you don't think that does not go into the blue-blooded boarding houses as well? CO-HOST: Well if you've raised your daughter right she's not gonna, you know -- THE LOVE SPONGE: OK. I'm telling you, peer pressure's a bitch, especially when your mom and dad aren't there to solidify it every day. I'm telling ya. Nobody wants to listen to me. CARLSON: Yeah, I think it's much less likely. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, via YouTube, 10/25/09]

Tucker Carlson said criminal charges against Warren Jeffs are “bullshit” because “arranging a marriage between a 16-year-old and a 27-year-old is not the same as pulling a stranger off the street and raping her.”

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: You know, I've asked everybody in this show, because we mostly agree with you, but I have not found one person that's on TV, a journalist, in paper -- I've not been able to find anybody that has the same stance as you. TUCKER CARLSON: Well that's because nobody has the balls to articulate it because everyone is afraid of what people are going to say. I'm not endorsing polygamy. My -- here's my point: If a guy wants to be polygamist, that's kind of his business. THE LOVE SPONGE: But I -- [crosstalk] CARLSON: And maybe it's -- you know what I mean? THE LOVE SPONGE: But where I think you've gone wrong is how you've downplayed how much of a crime this is, and how you've tried, I mean -- CARLSON: Wait, what? Crime is what? Do you know what the guy’s been charged with? I actually do know, because I got the subpoena. I got the indictment. CO-HOST: Felony rape. CARLSON: Felony rape, and do you know what he's accused of doing? THE LOVE SPONGE: But Tucker -- CARLSON: He's not accused of touching anybody; he is accused of facilitating a marriage between a 16-year-old girl and a 27-year-old man. That's the accusation. That's what they're calling felony rape. [crosstalk] That's bullshit. I'm sorry. Now this guy may be [crosstalk], may be a child rapist. I'm just telling you that arranging a marriage between a 16-year-old and a 27-year-old is not the same as pulling a stranger off the street and raping her. That's bullshit. THE LOVE SPONGE: But Tuck, that's just a small little thing that they got him on. Now, this guy is a -- CARLSON: Wait, wait, wait. Since when do you believe everything the government says? Wait a second. THE LOVE SPONGE: Hold on. You know what -- CARLSON: All of a sudden, like we're very skeptical about everything until like some prosecutor comes out and says, “This guy's bad,” and the rest of us nod in agreement like a church choir, “Yeah, he's bad.” How do we know he's bad? What do we know exactly? Nothing. THE LOVE SPONGE: Tucker, Tucker, settle down, lover. I mean, come on. I mean, jeez. CARLSON: Get excited. THE LOVE SPONGE: Has management came to you and told you to back it down a half a notch on the polygamy deal, and be honest. CARLSON: No, but I'm sure that -- no, I promise that -- but I'm sure they’re totally horrified and disgusted. I mean, why wouldn't they be? Because in TV, you have to take the most popular point of view all the time. That's the whole idea. THE LOVE SPONGE: Brent, help me out here. CARLSON: Whatever the public is for, whoever the majority is for, you gotta be for. So you know what I mean? You’re not allowed to take like unpopular or confusing points of view. CO-HOST: And Tucker, I totally understand your libertarian instincts taking over because at first, that's mine too, but once I dug into it, I realized that these girls, actually, they just have no chance in life, because they're not allowed to go to school past eighth grade -- CARLSON: I agree. CO-HOST: They drive the boys -- CARLSON: It's disgusting! I think the religion is ridiculous, I think it's a cult, I think it's totally immoral. But that's not the point. The question is, two questions -- one: Is this guy one of the top 10 most dangerous people in America? The answer is no, unequivocally no. And two: If you’re, like, for the government butting out of the bedroom and for gay marriage, and for the right of strip clubs to operate unimpeded by governments -- how exactly can you be against polygamy? On what grounds are you against polygamy? I don't get that. CO-HOST: I'm against polygamy on the grounds of the pedophilia aspect of it. CARLSON: I know, but that’s like saying I'm against marriage because some fathers beat their kids, or some fathers molest their daughters. CO-HOST: Well, in the state of Florida, though, if you're a 27-year-old and you marry a 16-year-old, that is felony rape in the state. CARLSON: No, that's not true. That is absolutely not true. That is not true. In the state of Florida, if she has the consent of her parents, you can marry her. THE LOVE SPONGE: But it's 23-16 in the state of Florida. I checked with the same people. CARLSON: No, no. If she has the permission of her parents, you can marry her at 16. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 09/05/06]

Carlson: If I made the laws, “Michael Vick would have been executed and Warren Jeffs would be out on the street.”

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: Should have said, “You know what? The act of being married to multiple people really isn't as big of a problem as those that are 12 and 13.” CO-HOST: Yeah, that's what Warren Jeffs' in prison for. He's not in prison for polygamy, he's in prison for child rape. TUCKER CARLSON: Well, actually, he's not in prison for that. He didn’t -- Warren Jeffs didn't marry underaged girls, actually. CO-HOST: No, he's in prison for facilitation of child rape. CARLSON: Whatever the hell that means. CO-HOST: That means that -- CARLSON: He's in prison because he's weird and unpopular and he has a different lifestyle that other people find creepy. CO-HOST: No, he is an accessory to the rape of children. That is a felony and a serious one at that. CARLSON: What do you mean an accessory? He's like got some weird religious cult where he thinks it's OK to, you know, marry underaged girls, but he didn't do it. Why wouldn't the guy who actually did it, who had sex with an underaged girl, he should be the one who's doing life. CO-HOST: If I go buy a gun and hand it to you knowing that you're gonna murder somebody, I'm just as guilty as you in the eyes of the law. CARLSON: I totally disagree. CO-HOST: I didn't write the law. CARLSON: Yeah, maybe in the eyes of the law you are, but morally you're not as guilty. You didn't do it. THE LOVE SPONGE: Well, Tucker, last time I checked, you don't make the laws around here, bitch. CARLSON: I should make the -- you know what, I should make the laws around here, and Michael Vick would have been executed, and Warren Jeffs would be out on the street. THE LOVE SPONGE: The governor of Arizona, right now. That's the problem. We'd all be -- CO-HOST: Dog killing, bad. Child rape, eh, not so much. THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, dog killing, really bad. CARLSON: -- child rape. I'm not for child rape. I'm just saying, if you mistreat dogs like that, we're going to have to execute you. THE LOVE SPONGE: Let me. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, via YouTube, 08/27/09]

Tucker Carlson: A teacher who molested a 13-year-old took pressure off the victim’s female classmates because they wouldn’t have to sleep with him.

TUCKER CARLSON: I was just reading a story trying to figure out how to get it into our show tonight, about the kid, the 13-year-old, who was, I guess, molested, they're saying, by his teacher, who had sex with him 28 times in one week. ... She slept with this kid 28 times in one week. Now, I ask you -- THE LOVE SPONGE: In one week? CARLSON: You have a lot of experience. You've been around, right? Could you do that? THE LOVE SPONGE: Could I sleep with -- not a kid, but could I sleep with a woman -- CARLSON: Could you sleep with a 165-pound woman 28 times in one week? Are you physically capable of doing that or do you take your hat off to this kid? THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, this kid should get like a Nobel Peace Prize. CARLSON: The Presidential Medal of Freedom, anyway. THE LOVE SPONGE: Now at the end of the day. But see, you know, now as double standard as everybody wants to be, it just seems like so much more of a crime from this beast then it does Debra Lafave, does it not? CARLSON: Totally. Look, my theory on this is, you know, 13-year-old boys have one goal, obviously in life -- THE LOVE SPONGE: To get laid. CARLSON: Of course. And they take that out on 13-year-old girls. Now, 13-year-old boys getting laid, not a bad thing. Thirteen-year-old girls getting laid, bad thing. Particularly if the 13-year-old girl is your daughter, right? THE LOVE SPONGE: See, why are we so double standard in the fact that a 13-year-old boy getting a little booty is just the man's way, no big deal, doesn't even really matter who it is. I mean, I guess it really does, but in our messed up mind, but boy, as soon as it's a 13-year-old girl, everybody want to burn that person at the stake. CARLSON: Because when a 13-year-old boy is 35 he can barely remember the girls he slept with when he was 13. THE LOVE SPONGE: That’s true. CARLSON: Right? But a 13-year-old girl, when she's 35, she's still thinking about that guy. I mean, it's just a much deeper experience for girls at that age and they're not ready for that. THE LOVE SPONGE: Girls are far more screwed up then we are. We can just have sex and screw and be done with it. They really, like, they keep a part of them. CARLSON: Exactly. So my point is that teacher's like this, not necessarily this one in particular, but they are doing a service to all 13-year-old girls by taking the pressure off. They are a pressure relief valve, like the kind you have on your furnace. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 04/04/06]

Carlson: Former President Bill Clinton should get a divorce and “take up plural marriage or something with a bunch of teenagers in a foreign country.”

THE LOVE SPONGE: Bill Clinton is a real man, and Bill Clinton could give a fuck whether Hillary wins or loses. He's just playing the role right now. He's trying to get some whores. He doesn't give a fuck about that battle-ax. He's trying to keep her busy right now. TUCKER CARLSON: But he can laid anytime he wants. CO-HOST: Oh, right. CARLSON: Why doesn't he divorce her and, you know, take up plural marriage or something with a bunch of teenagers in a foreign country. THE LOVE SPONGE: He's saying, “Oh, wait, I don't want her to drop out early, because that means she has to get off the campaign trail. Fuck that. I need to keep her going.” CO-HOST: Yeah. You’re busy as fuck as president, man. I can get some whores. CARLSON: No, he is doing her bidding like a good little boy. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 01/08/08]

Diminishing sexual violence/laughing about violence against women Carlson: “It's harder to determine what's consensual and what's not” when you’re with a sex worker.

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: Let's get into a couple things. One, this whole Duke issue. I mean, is this not, honest to God, Tucker, in my opinion, and tell me what you think, I think these guys are innocent. TUCKER CARLSON: Well, I think they could get railroaded. I mean, you know, look, here's the bottom line. And I said this the other day and there was all this outrage and, “How could you say that,” but I mean, this woman sells sex for a living. OK? I'm not attacking that -- I'm merely noting it. She sells sex for a living. If she's accusing other people of nonconsensual sex, it's a little more complicated than if some, you know, housewife claims she was pulled off the street and raped. It's just not the same thing. It's harder to determine what's consensual and what's not. And to act like, you know, these guys absolutely did it because she's this oppressed stripper, pardon me, adult dancer or exotic dancer, whatever the hell they're calling her, is ridiculous. I mean, these kids, maybe they did do something wrong, I don't know. But, I mean, you got to give them the benefit of the doubt. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 04/08/06]

Carlson called for the elimination of rape shield laws.

TUCKER CARLSON: Ross, I'll tell you one thing that can be done immediately is to eliminate rape shield laws. I mean, why is it if I accuse you of embezzlement, of shooting my dog, or shooting me, of any crime, I have to go face you in open court. My name is available to anybody who's reporting on the case, right? CO-HOST: Sure. CARLSON: Your name is in the public eye. My name is in the public eye. Why is it that, in this one category of crimes, the accuser doesn't have to be treated as an adult? I don't understand that. It gives the accuser all the power -- CO-HOST: Right. CARLSON: -- basically. So if I'm alleging rape, I have the protection of anonymity. I can say whatever I want while hiding behind anonymity, while the person I accused, whether he's guilty or not, has his life destroyed. That's totally unfair. CO-HOST: Yup. BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: It is true. And it's fucking bullshit. Co-HOST: That's -- CARLSON: I don't -- I don’t underst -- I mean, we've done a couple of shows on this, and we always had these feminists on who kind of, “Well, because no one would ever report rape.” Really? I don't know. Women seem to be adults to me. I mean, in other words, if you are grievously injured by another person, it's not your fault. I don't understand why, if you're an adult, you just can't get up and say, “This is what the person did to me.” [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 05/09/06]

Carlson laughed at a story about a guest who “choked a girl out” because “she was acting up.”

TUCKER CARLSON: You guys are all back together now? BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: We're all back together. We got ex-Buccaneer and Miami Dolphin Lamar Thomas in here, played for the University of Miami. And he choked a girl out couple years back, was in jail, made a lot of money. Just got fired from his TV gig, and has a cock the same size as a king-size Snickers bar. And he's in the studio today. CO-HOST: He just went to take a leak. THE LOVE SPONGE: He just went to take a piss. And he only screws white women. And we get the best out of all the guys. CARLSON: He told you all that stuff? CO-HOST: Oh yeah. THE LOVE SPONGE: That's what we've got on him so far, yes. CARLSON: Damn. Why did he choke the girl? THE LOVE SPONGE: Well, we'll find that out in a moment. CO-HOST: She was acting up. THE LOVE SPONGE: She was acting up. CARLSON: She was acting -- and she just didn't listen? THE LOVE SPONGE: He rifled her right down the stairs, too. CARLSON: That's pretty heavy. THE LOVE SPONGE: Well, that was like 10 years -- CO-HOST: That was over 10 years ago. CARLSON: Oh, it was 10 years. CO-HOST: That was over 10 years ago. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 08/02/06]

Carlson didn't say anything as co-hosts made remarks about abusing women.

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: I remember when I choked out Rebecca. First person I called was you. I mean, I was freaked out. I was like, Hogan, I just choked her out, what do I do? You go, go get a hotel room, brother. So they don't come knocking on your door. HULK HOGAN: Yeah, she was hardcore, though. She didn't call the cops or nothing. THE LOVE SPONGE: No, she liked it. I think she kind of got turned on by it. TUCKER CARLSON: What do you mean you choked her out? HOGAN: He's at my gym, all pumped up, eyeballs popping out of his head. He was about 245 pounds, you know, walking around all day long with his hard-on, you know, like King Kong. His girlfriend didn't do one of the demands he wanted so he yoked her up. THE LOVE SPONGE: That ain't how it went, Hogan. Hogan, hold on. You know what? [inaudible] THE LOVE SPONGE: Let me tell you how it went. CARLSON: So like you flew into a steroid-fueled rage and beat up your girlfriend? THE LOVE SPONGE: Me and Hogan never done steroids ever. Look at us. I mean, Hogan's never touched a steroid. This is how it went down, Tucker. HOGAN: I haven’t? OK, whatever. THE LOVE SPONGE: This is how it went down. HOGAN: Now we're liars too. We're thieves and liars. THE LOVE SPONGE: Hogan was on federal trial for steroids back in the day, Tucker. Did you know that? CARLSON: No, I had no clue. THE LOVE SPONGE: Man, Hogan -- HOGAN: Where's Tucker? Tucker, bro, you got a newspaper, running water, electricity? Where you been, man? THE LOVE SPONGE: Hey listen to this man -- CARLSON: I don't know. I didn't know. I mean, I'm for steroids. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 01/06/10]

Sexism against specific women Carlson described TV host Alexis Stewart, Martha Stewart’s daughter, as “cunty” and said he wanted to “give her the spanking she so desperately needs.”

CO-HOST: Yeah, Allison Stewart is actually really good looking. TUCKER CARLSON: Do you run into Martha Stewart in the hallway over there? BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: No. CO-HOST: Alexa Stewart, we run into her all the time. CARLSON: She seems like a -- she seems awful -- THE LOVE SPONGE: Cunt. CO-HOST: Yeah, she is awful THE LOVE SPONGE: They’re very cunty CARLSON: She seems extremely cunty. THE LOVE SPONGE: I like to hear that word, oh yeah -- I stepped over him. She seems what now? Go ahead. CARLSON: She just does seem a little cunty. I mean you said it; I'm just agreeing with you. I don't use that word because it's offensive -- THE LOVE SPONGE: Right. I'd love for Tucker Carlson. Tonight on MSNBC a girl that comes across kind of cunty. CARLSON: Well she does. I mean, I heard -- I mean, now I'm a Brent fan, so, I'm just stating my bias right out front here. I heard her on with him and I just wanted to give her the spanking she so desperately needs. ... CARLSON: She seems so high maintenance, she seems like the kind of person you marry and then just the rest of your life is like hell. THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, you're fucked. She seemed like the kind of girl that you marry and then go out and have a whore on the side. CARLSON: At least, and then go shoot yourself. And even that's not enough to raise her spirits. ... THE LOVE SPONGE: She's got real big fucking Dumbo teacup for ears. She looks like a taxicab going down the road with the doors open, Brent, with her fucking ears. CARLSON: I don't normally laugh at girls’ appearances, just because I think it's mean. But she -- I'm bending the rule for her. [Bubba the Love Sponge, 5/2/06]

Carlson called singer Britney Spears and celebrity Paris Hilton “the biggest white whores in America.”

CO-HOST: Putting Paris and Britney in a commercial with Obama is a classic old-school miscegenation, old-South -- BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: Uncle Tom -- TUCKER CARLSON: Are you serious? CO-HOST: -- old-South “these two young white girls are going to be dating a Black man.” CARLSON: So they’re trying to say that he’s coming for your pristine white daughters by putting two of the biggest white whores in America -- CO-HOST: Subliminally, yes. CARLSON: Come on. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 8/5/08]

Bubba said Carlson wants to “fuck Sarah Palin” and Carlson said, “I'll agree with that.” 

TUCKER CARLSON: Well, I'll tell you exactly. I mean, honestly, I voted for McCain, again, because I like the guy personally -- BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: No, because you want to -- CARLSON: And two, because -- THE LOVE SPONGE: Because you want to fuck -- CARLSON: It offends all the cultists in my neighborhood. THE LOVE SPONGE: You want to fuck Sarah Palin. CO-HOST: You want to talk about -- CARLSON: Well, there's that. There is that. I'll agree with that. [Bubba the Love Sponge, 11/04/08]

Carlson called journalist Contessa Brewer “saucy and cute.”

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: How does she look? I mean, she looks great on TV, but sometimes people don't look that good in real life. How is she in real life? TUCKER CARLSON: She's -- she looks the same. Saucy and cute. THE LOVE SPONGE: Really? CARLSON: She's funny too. Yeah, she's totally funny. THE LOVE SPONGE: But Iike -- you can never get a good bearing on the body when you're behind that desk. What's the body like? CO-HOST: Is she in shape? THE LOVE SPONGE: Is the body -- CARLSON: As far as I know, yeah, she's like a big, you know, weight lifter and stuff. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 3/11/08]

Carlson: “If [Hillary Clinton] could castrate you, she would,” and “thereby she gets not a single vote from any white male.”

TUCKER CARLSON: Now the problem with Hillary is you look at Hillary and you know in your heart that if she could castrate you, she would. BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, she would. CARLSON: So thereby she gets not a single vote from any white male in the country. Now you can hate white males if you want, but you kind of need them to vote for you. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 3/14/06]

Carlson: If Hillary Clinton were president, “how long do you think it would take before she castrated you?”

CO-HOST: I think Evan Bayh is gonna beat Hillary in the Democratic primary because of the Midwest factor. BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: And Hillary is all about -- she's not about being a vice presidential candidate, is she, Tuck? TUCKER CARLSON: No, no, no. No, no, no. No. She has dreams of real power. Now, if she were to get real power -- let's say she were to get absolute power, how long do you think it would take before she castrated you? THE LOVE SPONGE: How long do you think it would take before Bill stole the show? As a first husband. CARLSON: Well that’s another point. I mean, that would be pretty entertaining. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 3/12/06]

Carlson: Hillary Clinton is “anti-penis.”

TUCKER CARLSON: But mostly it kind of leavens it. Like, here's Hillary, but there's also someone who isn't so strongly anti-penis also running with her. [Bubba the Love Sponge, 1/22/08]

Carlson: Arianna Huffington is a “pig.”

CO-HOST: Yeah, you know what, I'm glad you brought that up, Tucker, because I meant to tell you that no matter how much somebody disagrees with you, I thought it was absolutely disgusting that Arianna Huffington attacked your father. TUCKER CARLSON: Oh my God, she's a pig. And the funny thing is, I've known her for a long time and knew her husband and everything, and I could -- I could have a lot to say about that, actually. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 10/10/06]

Carlson said Oprah Winfrey “hate[s] the penis” and is “anti-man.”

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: What do you think about Oprah just whoring herself out for Barack Obama? ... THE LOVE SPONGE: You just have to have a set of cock and balls. CARLSON: That's exactly right. You got your tackle, you're not watching Oprah, and that's kind of basic. And yet somehow the rest of us have been bullied into pretending that Oprah's great, that she doesn't hate the penis, that she's not anti-man. THE LOVE SPONGE: Right. CARLSON: But she completely is. CO-HOST: Of course. CARLSON: The subtext of every Oprah show is men suck. They abuse you, they rape you, they sleep with your sister and leave you. THE LOVE SPONGE: Do you think that she's lapping Gayle down to zero? CARLSON: You know what, I don't know the answer to that. That would make me like her more, I got to be honest with you. THE LOVE SPONGE: If she was lapping Gayle to zero? CARLSON: Oh yeah. Absolutely. I support that completely. And I think that would add a whole layer of nuance to Oprah that she doesn't have now. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 12/11/07]

Carlson said then-Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan is ugly: “I feel sorry for her in that way. I feel sorry for unattractive women.”

TUCKER CARLSON: I got to be honest with you. I don’t like [Kagan] and I wouldn’t vote to confirm her if I were a U.S. senator. But I do feel sorry for her in that way. I feel sorry for unattractive women. I mean it’s nothing they did. You know, she didn’t. Nobody deserves that. And men are just mean. CO-HOST: Yeah, well she can certainly, I mean, shape it up a little bit. I mean lose 10 or 15 pounds, get a tan, fix those teeth. CARLSON: No, it’s just absolutely fundamental -- physically, the problems with her are fundamental. She’s never going to be an attractive woman. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 5/11/10]

Sexism against unnamed women Carlson: “What gets women going” is telling them “you just need to be quiet and kind of do what you’re told.”

TUCKER CARLSON: The only time that I -- you know what? In my brief experience, you know what gets women going is arguing with them. CO-HOST: Really? CARLSON: Yeah. CO-HOST: I never use that one. CARLSON: It's true. It's true. You debate politics with a woman and just go -- just full blown out there, especially feminism. If you're talking to a feminist, and she's given you, “Well, men really need to be more sensitive,” [say] no, actually, men don't need to be more sensitive. You just need to be quiet and kind of do what you're told. CO-HOST: And lighten up a little bit, bitch. CARLSON: They love it. They love it. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 5/2/06]

Tucker Carlson called sex workers in Florida “slutty and pathetic.”

CARLSON: How much do you guys pay for hookers? CO-HOST: Oh, about 50 for head. THE LOVE SPONGE: Down here you can get everything you want, everything you want, a GFE, a girlfriend experience, for a hot one, like Contessa Brewer kind of hot, for like 300 max. CARLSON: Seriously? THE LOVE SPONGE: Yeah, max. Like I'm talking Contessa Brewer. CARLSON: Because the girls are just so slutty and pathetic? THE LOVE SPONGE: No, it's just, it's Florida and we don't have state taxes -- CO-HOST: We got a bunch of hot whores -- THE LOVE SPONGE: We got a bunch of hot whores down here -- CO-HOST: The market's flooded! CARLSON: You got a lot of crystal meth. THE LOVE SPONGE: Shut the fuck up, like we're gonna be fucking bitches on crystal meth. CO-HOST: Well, you know what my wife said last night? She goes, “I wouldn't be as mad about the whore as paying $4,300 an hour!” CARLSON: Well that's exactly right. That's ridiculous. THE LOVE SPONGE: I mean, what do you guys pay for whores up there? Obviously Eliot said he paid $4,300. CARLSON: Well it depends. I don't go to hookers, but -- THE LOVE SPONGE: That's just some nerd that doesn't know how to negotiate -- CO-HOST: But you know D.C.'s got a ton of hookers. There's hookers all over D.C. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 03/11/08]

Carlson: “Going to the BunnyRanch is more expensive than picking up some crackhead off the streets. ... Expense, in some way, is a measure of value."

CO-HOST: Yeah, but it's like the Nicorette is more expensive than the cigarettes. TUCKER CARLSON: Yeah, it’s definitely more expensive, but it's also better. CO-HOST: I'm thinking it’s just strictly cost. CARLSON: I mean, you know what I mean? I mean, going to the BunnyRanch is more expensive than picking up some crackhead off the street, but I mean, or the Palm is more expensive than McDonald’s. I mean, expense, in some ways, is a measure of value. CO-HOST: Nice analogies. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 1/22/08]

Carlson: Women are “extremely primitive, they're basic, they're not that hard to understand.”

TUCKER CARLSON: By the way, women hate you when they do you wrong and you put up with it. CO-HOST: Exactly. CARLSON: Because they hate weakness. They're like dogs that way. They can smell it on you, and they have contempt for it; they’ll bite you. ... CARLSON: I mean, I love women, but they're extremely primitive, they're basic, they're not that hard to understand. And one of the things they hate more than anything is weakness in a man. [Bubba the Love Sponge, 10/30/07]

Carlson: “There's no Canadian woman that you'd want to pay to sleep with.”

BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: You're so unfair to these people. You're so unfair. You're just so close-minded. TUCKER CARLSON: No, it’s not that I’m unfair, no, no, you're totally -- and I've really given this a lot of thought. They are masochists. Like, Canadians, for one thing, are just so grateful that you acknowledge their existence, that even when you criticize them, they love you for it because it's like -- CO-HOST: No, they really don’t. CARLSON: -- if they get attacked, it means they exist. And I think to be Canadian is to wonder if you actually exist, because there's no Canadian culture, there's no, you know, distinctive characteristics of Canadians. Is it just like -- it's almost a kind of blob, you know what I mean? Like, what is Canada? And I take the time to criticize them, and I think they love me for it. THE LOVE SPONGE: Well, Tucker, I can honestly tell you, you couldn't be anything further from the truth. You are so fucking far out to lunch, and they hate you, and they want to kill you, and they want to stick a hockey stick up your fucking asshole and make you bleed internally. CO-HOST: What's better than hockey, weed, and whores? I mean -- CARLSON: But you know, first of all, there's no Canadian woman that you'd want to pay to sleep with. You know that's true. CO-HOST: Oh, my God. CARLSON: And second, I'm not saying they're bad at all, like I like Canadians. They like me. We have a mutual understanding. I'm just saying they're sad. I've said this before. They're like our stalker. They have pictures of us in their bedroom and we don't even know they exist. They're basically obsessed with the United States. [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 11/18/08]

Carlson: “I spanked Michael Moore like a bad little girl.”

CO-HOST: I want Tuck to have a challenge. I want Michael Moore and Tucker to have a debate. TUCKER CARLSON: Oh, I've debated Michael Moore. CO-HOST: Have you? CARLSON: And I have to say, I'm not bragging because I've lost a lot of debates on television. I've been embarrassed on television before. CO-HOST: You almost had to eat your shoe. CARLSON: But -- exactly -- but I spanked Michael Moore like a bad little girl and -- [Bubba the Love Sponge Show, 3/14/06]

Carlson: 2008 Republican primary presidential candidate Fred Thompson is “my hero” because he said his “favorite possession” is his “trophy wife.”

TUCKER CARLSON: He's the best. Did you see his line for the AP when they said, “What's your favorite possession?” BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE: What did he say? CARLSON: The Associated Press have one of these surveys, you know, where they say, “What's your favorite color? What's your favorite song? What's your favorite possession?” His verbatim answer -- It is a quote -- “My trophy wife.” CO-HOST: The guy has no ambition. CARLSON: His favorite possession. If anybody who answers “my trophy wife is my favorite possession” is my hero. I don't give a shit. I'm voting for the guy. [Bubba the Love Sponge, 1/08/08]

Zachary Pleat, Nick Fernandez, Courtney Hagle, Grace Bennett, Brendan Karet, Rebecca Martin, and Jason Campbell contributed research.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, support for this podcast comes from DDP Yoga,

Now, if you don't know, DDP is diamond. Dallas page

pro wrestling legend, an awesome, dude who's been on this podcast before. Well, what do you do

with DDP Yoga program and helping people.

Change. Their lives is pretty spectacular. Who's gonna on the show a few months ago, and it was one of the Mo

Inspiring- shows that we've ever done by far. He had this one video of this gentleman who could barely

walk me. He was on crutches and had all these physical issues and through a long program

of DDP yoga at the end of the video, this guy's running this guy's doing yoga he's doing all those positions that that Dallas does. It was really incredible stuff,

so anyway. I told him that I'd love is yoga and he said Bro, it's not yoga. It's. He calls it ddp why it doesn't call it DDP yoga anymore, change changed it, but it's fucking yoga. Alright, it's yoga for people who



don't think they want to do yoga at a yoga studio and be all Nama stay in shit. I've tried a few, the DD

why yoga moves with him and it's very difficult. It's hard he's actually got an extra twist to it. He has an ex,

dynamic tension aspect to his yoga? That does make it. It makes it more dim

just regular yoga, he's a bad and he's a guy who fixed his back with yoga,

he was having all sorts of injuries. You know when you're a

it's a pro wrestler a you're, an enormous man like Dallas and you're, throwing other enormous men around your slamming into the turn,

styles and bouncing off the ground mean these guys take a beating and he

figured out a way to rejuvenate his body and heal his back through his yoga. It's reading incredible, go to

DDP yoga dot com, Slash Rogan and you can see the

yo this guy getting bad.

It's it's really amazing, and if you want to try that



Y program, they're, giving Jerry POT

fast listeners, a code that will take twenty percent off all of their ddp, why yoga workouts? Thank you, fantasy, yoga TDP. Why workouts

whether you invest in the best bang for your buck, their seven day, free trial on their Dd

Cpy Yoga now app or your olds,

and you want to get the dvds in your hands still

you three months on the app to try it as well, so be a part of one of DDP.

He's inspiration, meets perspiration workshops, ah, go to d D, P Y yoga workshops, dot com and again it really is an all

program Y yoga, DOT, com, Slash Rogan! You can go there and see that video. That was a along add. We

also brought to you by the so right. If you don't know what that is, this is a device that it

massages and loosens



you're. So as muscle it's popular for all kind,

athletes. It was actually told to me by Michael Chandler, and then David Goggins is also really into

very easy to carry in your life in your office? Sticking your chair, it's good! You can sit on an airplane

It's a small piece of plastic that you can carry around with

it's very light and it releases very hard to reach muscles easily

the videos online on Youtube and Instagram, just search o dash

E. I love this thing. I actually bought it.

Long before it was a sponsor and

I use it all the time we have one here at the studio. I have one at my house. I I love them through the shit. Okay, so

use the promo code: job,

Logan all one word for twenty percent off the so right.

Is already twenty percent off on p s o dash r. I t e d,



comin on Amazon in the US, so with my code right now, you get an additional twenty percent off, which is pretty fucking good right. So

p s o dash r. I t e dot com and use the code word Rogan for that additional twenty percent

ok, okay, okay, okay, we're also brought

I liquid IV

reviews this is a fantastic hydration mixture and if you

If you're a fan of hydration liquid ivy's got you covered, it's

faster and more efficient than water alone. With the added bonus of vitamin c b3b 5b6,

b12 and it will give you increased performance because, when you're properly hydrated, you allow your body to perform.

Best and burn more calories, reduce muscle cramps, which makes for more efficient workout. It's also great for people all you fuckers that live in the cold weather



in winter hydration, liquid ivy helps fight altitude, sickness from skiing, snowboarding trips to the mountain and for winter travel it's great to prevent jet lag when traveling. It helps to prevent at least and

convenient TSA friendly powder. Packets are perfect for on the go travelers, it's also good for cold and flu season.

You can go and check out liquid liquidivy dot com and enter my promo code Rogan. To get this fantastic savings, you go liquid, Liquidivy dot com and use the promo

Ro Gonna check out and you get twenty percent off anything you order on liquid ivy's website. That's liquid, I v dot com and use the promo code Rogan

wait, get hydrated today

and my guest today. My guest today



is one of the most controversial people in the United States of America. I have been friends with this gentleman on and off we're back on again

for least twenty years. I've known him- and this was a fun

cast, if you like God, damn it, I'm not listening this guy, give it a chance if you're, drunk or stoned, definitely give it a chance you're going to love it. I hope, if not a lot other pocket

still isn't. If, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Alex Jones,

the Joe Rogan experience

Alex Jones were live

wow it's going to be back for the second visit. It's good to be here. Man good see, see we

trump meeting with Kim Jong on we've got the

Cohen hearings in Congress. A lot of energy going on a things are happening: planets are aligned



we should tell everybody that you and I had with. First

we had a long conversation on the phone which led to just

a lot of talking you were driving to Vegas a few weeks ago. We took their own half and then we

side to do another podcast and we cleared the air on the phone.

We decide to clear the air more in a podcast there's a lot of things going on

I told you a long time ago that I would have you back on and in the interest

of being completely honest, there's I was

to do it not because I didn't want to talk to you, but because of just the amount of bullshit that I get from

able to get angry that you and I are friends. You know that give that guy a platform, that's

when will give that guy a platform, that's the big one. You know, but you- and I have always had a good time together- was that we've always had fun together are only problems have always been when we're not

like. If you're talking about me or if I'm talking about you not if we're talking to each other, it's the distance,



has been the promise to telephone. If lack of communication, the lack of communication has been a problem. The thing that people

upset about you, the thing that we wanted to talk about like quick to get it over with or not not quick, but just to get

up front up front. That's the best way to misrepresented. Yes, is the sandy hook's? Yes yeah, so your take on it just give me your take on it.

Well, first off because it's always misrepresented, I

mass shootings happen and they're real tragedies and, I believe part happened.

And you believe sandy hook up absolutely and now

last year the meeting

came out and said, Alex Jones has partly didn't happen.

And he sending people to parkland parents, houses

and there was no video, no audio wasn't true. I think I said I believe, parkland happen, so I'm not going to be

the mass shooting, the tile guy, I huh,



been branded as the sandy hook. I even imagine a final cut pro video editing timeline. You go back

almost seven years ago. This is more than seven years now,

Internet didn't believe some of things about sandy hook. I

covering it weeks after my first articles and things are all this will be used for gun control and I bet the guys on Prozac

a mental patient which he was

about two weeks into it, my listeners

and start sending me all these anomalies and things and later

some anomalies weren't accurate and I

just moved on from it. Okay

I mean I'm, not animal Anza, I didn't kill those kids, but when I'm on the

now people don't know. Adam Lanza is the guy that killed those kids. They think it's me,

actually, I believe you're not in prison, for what you did to sandy hook. All I know is:

call sandy hook, that kids show, but I don't think that's, I think the

majority of them are angry, because the narrative has been that you're sending people to the sandy hook, families host home.



Exactly and I know you'll, never have that you're responsible for these people getting harassed because you said on your radio show that it wasn't really. Yes, there is video and audio of me saying I can see how people don't think it happened, and I can see how people think it's synthetic is. There's been staged. Events before.

That then gets edited put together cobble together, but I never said go to people's houses. I never said go investigated, you ever say that you think it's not real. Yes, I did. But now you do think it's real

because I learned some of the anomalies were not accurate. That's a problem

him with all this conspiracy shit right because the conspiracy

free stuff, the people that want to believe they

Even conspiracies with everything- and I think, there's a certain percent- and we talked about this- just

a few minutes ago now, when I started getting accused four years ago, a couple

until then I should know. I think it happened.



And the people that I had interviewed and things sort of saying he's involved he's one of 'em, because you are now saying that it happened. They thought they had been compromised. Yes and then I really realizing, oh

work. A certain percentage of people are schizophrenic exactly and then they just think every

This is a thing about conspiracies it's very attractive to people that are schizophrenic, schizophrenic people think everything's, a fucking conspiracy from

at the bottom, every single interaction that people have some sort of a stage event that's trying to take them down or control.

All this or mind- control that that's a big factor in

A lot of this conspiracy theory shit is mental illness

when I started people come to the office saying that I'm

beau bridges or that I'm Jeff Bridges, or that I am I bill Hicks and people in restaurants screaming f. You bill,

we know it's you it's kind of like Dan, rather of

threatening me. What's the signal Dan, what's the signal? What I have experienced now, the quote: fame of being sued



famous being conspiracy guy. I was legitimately questioning things because of Gulf of Tonkin northward

things really happened: babies that weren't thrown in

guys there, Iraq WAR,

I kind of realize a few years ago that I kind of had my own mild psychosis,

and that when you been lied to by the media and the culture so much over and over again, everything then starts become.

Automatically you're sure it's fake and then everything you. She fits into that.

You get four or five years ago I began to realize, because I was on the receiving end of people pulling up in white vans with guns at my office saying I know you put a microchip in my head and I'm going to kill you

so it was kind of like once I got super famous. It was like whoa.

There's a certain percentage of people that are way off on the spectrum where they believe everything is fake and there's

believe everything they hear is true. I mean you should be

you should be questioning, you should have the right to do it, but but it's somewhere in the middle, and so

this one will see about sandy hook, I legitimately,

and it would people brought up anomalies. I then had debate,



but on both sides. The internet push me to keep

bring. I probably covered it twenty times in the first

here's. What happened

and then, as soon as I questioned it not being staged, I got a so much that I said screw it mass shootings happen. I believe it happened, but then

media would call me or interview me and say: ok

tell us the anomalies of why you questioned they were gay,

ing me to say it again have right to question it but

they thought well, how shows versus dead kids Alex Jones and I AL shows arrested families. This is a perfect way to get this guy, who so popular get people to question to get people to think this would

years. I think I'm smart, I'm not to figure out what's going on so when Hillary, a few months before the election, gives us huge

says Alex Jones has a dark heart.

He knows sandy hook, kids died, but he says they didn't.

He sends people their houses he's the worst guy in the world. I came

I said: listen, I never



anybody the houses, but I apologize was taken out of context people the right to question, but I

sorry for the families and I'm sorry for hurt and I get it

experience crazy people now, big time. Just like you have

Please stop saying

I'm saying it didn't happen, please

stop saying: I'm sending people whose house is what happens when they put it on

every major tv channel local tv channels, radio, I mean I mean thousands of articles that then gets indicated a van. If I said one hundred thousand articles that slow number, though,

amount of sandy hook. Coverage against me has

then show insane so huge because it supposed to be the first domino that once I'm taking down, then all the dominoes fall. Well, it's also click bait. There's

also a thing. If you say Alex Jones Sandy Hook and you put in a title a certain amount of people just going to click on it Alex Jones '

is still pushing a sandy hook. Conspiracy theories, one that I saw just two days ago. Exactly

the point I've gotten to is here's the key.



They then they say more people are showing up in Connecticut, more people are coming their houses, which they are

Does the media is all over the news saying there's a big conspiracy here Alex Jones.

'cause, it doesn't happen, and so people then hear it

they think. Oh, you know it's like

looking for the Mossman or something they're all running up there in the media, saying in my name and I'm saying no, I believe it happened years ago and so then,

I'm getting the blame in the attacks in the demonization of the threats for what the

print media is saying over and over again that I'm saying that it didn't happen and the families are getting the threats and the families are getting in tax and the families are getting called crisis actors.

Yes, something different, oh my god in hindsight.

Absolutely but again I legitimately

powerful as it was.

I wasn't retrospectively looking everything I was doing as much as I should nobody's perfect as you,



the older you grow when you learn things, but I just began to realize about three years ago that

making my identity not being a national is not being a populist not being a free market guy there making

whole identity sandy hook and the

we're going to assume it end. Well, it's just because that's what gets clicks yes, but then, but then before I ever got sued

I said I believe sandy hook happen. That's not not my I I barely ever covered stop right. You

and that's not what they're doing they're not trying to make this weakness admit even worse, but they're not trying to make your identity they're not trying to define.

Do or do some sort of a documentary, a biography on your life there,

finding something that people want to pay attention to. This

are the problems with the news coverage today is that they find things that people want to pay it

into and they focus on them out of proportion it

three when they say that I

making money off sandy hook when, when the newspapers in the publishing houses

using me as a way to put out



that in cinerary. Hurtful thing: well, it's also going to be hurtful. I didn't mean to be in January, I was legitimately questioning. Is the internet was asking a bunch of other state stuff and then I say: hey take it back, don't do it and then

Oh no! We're going to commit this hurtful thing. That's for kill, free speech, but is hurtful in your freaking name, and

and that's. Why I'm not saying I'm the victim here, I'm saying: stop it because everything they do about the Platte

maybe the biggest frustration is. I still have my huge audience and radio stations in floor

news wars, dot com but reaching

people's very hard and then now

I've been silenced, the mainstream media can say whatever they want. Joe about you about me, and I can't respond. I mean you go to Youtube and type in Alex channels. Well, this is where you another negative stuff and there's one that says: White Supremacy and Alex Jones, and you click on

it's a famous british actor and author saying, Alex Jones, says: kill the

family.

Of of parkland parents and



we have lawyers getting ready to fall sued over this? I warn the guy sent letters he didn't take it out. I have to you, could pull up his famous projector forget to send

Youtube, all the main stuff

up on top. It's like the seventh eighth

this is Alex Jones and White supremacy. What to do about it and he says: Alex Jones

White Supremacist are saying:

go to the people's houses at parkland and kill the parents, and we have to take

the air base killed. The parents, there's no free speech for killing parents and I'm like dude.

Do not say that I'm going to get killed.

I am never said. Nobody now department, I sure, as hell didn't say, kill their parents let's. Let's so now can let's take the setting stuff. You know about fake news. They have green lighted, making anything

You can imagine up about me and it

like insane

and that's all I'm saying Is- is that

at a certain point, it's like Jesus. I get let's, let's take this step by step. I'm sorry,

it's ok! This invisible is. We want to give you



opportunity to communicate and

clear the air and talk and some of the shit that you

I talked about earlier. There's a bunch of things going on one there's: it's a story that attracts people's attention.

Right a story of a guy who saying that people didn't get killed when they did get killed, and it's horrific for people to look at it's horrific to people

about their own children will not only get murdered, but then someone would accuse them of being a crisis actor. So then they

pushing that story and that story becomes

thing that they make money off of which is really

and in some ways, kind of ironic. They keep this store

three in the news and they keep getting clicks off of you and

representing some of the things that you said yes

and some of the things that you said you wish you

and said to like. That's that's also real, but but I mean let's be clear,



not even defending myself people learn stuff, as you get older hindsight, you're like. Why did I do that? Like I used whatever? Was

big hot thing, on the internet, I would just debate because it was

interesting with this. What I wanted to get to you

you were doing this show and in this show, you're on the air hours and hours a day and you're

thing about all these. Various things is this:

is it fair to say that you weren't really one hundred percent aware of what kind of influence you were having? Absolutely if you,

did know you would a phrase things differently and done things differently. You know it's

even beyond that I was just younger and- and I was covering what

other people were saying. I was not the first, the tent, the hundred the ten thousand you

about it on the internet was a firestorm all over the news that people are denying it and I've got

was going hey, look at this video, but isn't it the problem with every single national tragedy? Anytime, something happens,

there's a certain amount of people that think that there's a conspiracy even



it's just a plane crash, even when it's just what the

thanks any sort of national. Exactly at all, I'm saying is

sandy hooks, not the hill on dying on. I I support people's right to question

and I understand, because there's been so much lying and corporate media and by governments and staged events that are admitted into classified that once people see that one thing was staged

then everything else must be staged, and then I-

been on the receiving end of

early. Thousands of made up conspiracies, which you laugh at until people on a truck with gun, show up yeah

and so I understand part of this- is

complex world. We live in all the information we have more than ever, and a lot of it is all the drugs people are on

a lot of it schizophrenics. This is a big problem, a big green

We were talking about this certain percentage of the beings. Half of Brazil has



raise arm to make she basically psychotic. Well, it doesn't make you psychology to risk. Taking crazy affects your judgment. This is toxic programs, you don't have more cats smell p S, yes it well, it definitely does that to to rats it actually re programs, rats brains, makes them sexually

and there's a bunch of parasites.

Each of them to some the probably haven't even been identified. That's where the whole crazy cat. Ladies and come from yes, that's exactly this, it's one of the reasons why they tell women when they're pregnant to stay the fuck away from cat litter. Don't touch cat litter, don't cats! Yes, you cats! Yes, you mean it can be actually fatal for babies, but the

China, King Middle, when they said, kill the damn cash. Well, I'm sure there's a lot of factors there right see

Wives tales were like you get demon possessed,

that cat and really it's a

membrane warm, but that's probably also why they told you that that's a real brain worm programming, like you were saying earlier, I looked at screw. I don't know that that the top soccer's teams have the highest level of brain worm infestation. Well, it's there's a disproportionate amount of people that live in.



Trees were the high toxoplasmosis infection with successful soccer teams. There was some stuff.

That was done on that, where we had a doctor, women that women more sexually promiscuous more they just yes, it's recklessness yes and they think the men are more reckless and that's why there's a disproportionate amount of motorcycle victims that test positive for toxoplasma

This is with Robert Sapolsky out of Stanford University was telling. Is there a way to removed? I don't think through right. Warm! I don't think there is.

Well, you know, there's like snails that get a brain warm that programs to the top of the tree

birds, eat it and then, and then it's crapped out and the snails eat that and then go and it's just food cycle. Yes, yes, so how don't tell me in classic evolution- and I also believe interpretation by by Right- wingers of

the bible- is not what it says, but I

solution? Answer big quick jumps, but we know what's going on, but the idea



just there's the worms and there's all these different. Well, what about the one that gets into a grasshopper through the aquatic worm gets inside of a grasshoppers body and gets the grasshopper to commit suicide, gets a grasshopper to jump into

water and drown, and then it comes out of its body and that's where it

it lives. It lives in the water, so it literally gets its

to commit. So how did that chain of events? How does that evolve? Where suddenly a worm gets in a grasshopper and

something a supercomputer couldn't do it be programs to drowned it.

Well, this is a matter of complex biology means, I think

it's insanely complex and that's something that science

lists, are studying on a daily basis to ensure that coming want to talk about me all day,

We are here to do it and I- and I know I don't have a talking point- I don't have a pr firm, yeah we've a top.

Before we don't here about what am I gonna Thio? What do you want to say today? So you could help me get it out. I don't

I'm alive, I want to say a bunch of things. I'm only learning how this works being



the process of it. It's giving me a much bigger view that,

three years ago, when I first got on here

because I've experienced what other

People have sent the bad things I did experience. I did it from a good heart. I believe question was okay. I was

other people questioning, but then

weird sick, irony

in the media that says that I'm the

on the rated sandy hook didn't happen. When I wasn't too, then in my name, popular

is it to a level of like they put.

Is key. Then, before you invade a major country, I mean this

been going on for years every day. The news, the print no

died at sandy hook. Outshone says Alex Jones has go to their houses and hurt them what the hell's it for it goes on and on and on and on what you're thinking this, because it's about you so because it's about you



becomes a primary point of focus because it's affecting your life and it's something you're concentrating on, but the volume is massive it is. Volume is massive because it's something that generates interest. This is part of the problem with the way

do news today. Anything that

rates. Interest I mean if the

if the media really cared, they probably

have would have never talked about it

never brought it up that we had real terror attacks in the sixties and seventies that weren't staged you go back and look at him,

the weatherman and all that stuff and the government. The media didn't cover it well. This is a long time ago.

But but but but they didn't cover because it gives. If you cover terrorists, they do it more right. That's true! I was agreeing with you yeah, okay, that's true

It's like in other countries, they don't print the name of mass

shooters in the newspaper 'cause. They don't want people to get attention for that.

Some, all I wanna say, is Joe. I genuinely I've known you twenty years or since, like one thousand nine hundred and ninety eight ninety nine

I genuinely really in trying to find the truth and



I realized that once I saw a bunch of the classified staged, events like north

like are or gladio or light Gulf of Alpha Tonkin or

small it I mean I couldn't help it. I do he probably assuming the day after it happened,

I said the guy's got a noose around his neck at two, a dot m and

ha go and fuck has a noose in Chicago who's, walking around with the news who even knows how to write. Who knows how to make a noose.

And the cops show up. Forty,

minutes later he's like the door with a noose around his neck yeah, I mean subway tile said it's fake, but that's it I'm sitting there I said Sumi destroy me, my it's fake. I can't help it but see. The problem is that the psychosis comes in because, if you're a little kid is I've been read more about Psycho,

try to understand this stuff, if you're a little kid and

somebody with red, hair beach, you and tortured you a check out man with red hair job title, what we're gonna not like guys around here, so so so it's kind of like or if you would like to



is a kid letter that creates mental illness later right. So we've been locked with the media in the corporate system and seen all these fake hoax is and the fake stuff about cabin. On the face of the coverage of kids and the face of

small it. She that's now the public. Actually, here's what happened, I'm getting huge backlash and small. It's not it's, not women. Who

given you back last letters and the public are like hey small, it's fake, the Covington,

these fake bhalaji, four,

mostly women, said it was all fake. So why are you saying Sandy

looks real everything's fake. It's like no dude everything's, not think that's. What I'm saying is that

torrential is gone and

so yeah there's a bunch of fake stuff, and we have a right to question it, but now now then now the general

put my fans believe everything straight. But let me stop you there, I'm ranting, I just it's. Ok, I want you to rent this, but this is. This is the nature of the beast. This is

but you're selling to a lot of these people. This is why they're tuning into you, they want to hear you uncover conspiracies, and some of them



aren't as bright as others, and some of them can't see logic. They don't see it, they don't understand, I'm legitimately questioning. I don't just think everything. I know you don't listen. I think. If you never talked about sandy hook, you have no problems. I really do believe that I believe there would be proud

times I think people would look down on you and call you a right wing lunatic and all sorts of other things which they

even know when I knew you when I first knew you you were getting arrested for going after George Bush. I remember when

but you are not a right wing system, a question here as well. You were asking him a pertinent question about the CFR and his dad's drug. Yes, exactly exactly, and this was it,

that was running for president as a Repub,

can getting you were I brought up IRAN Contra the CFR. My point: is you weren't you weren't tide to to a party? You were

to find the truth, and I only pray that when I align aligned with Trump that's when all hell broke, loose, yeah yeah, that was part

I think that was Hillary admits she looked at.



Whole Bio said sandy hook hit him on that right now. Do you still communicate with Trump? Not in a while?

I have a shot, it becomes a big issue, I mean I obviously make it was sir gets to be able to talk to Trump. I mean Don Junior was on tackles last night or talking about me him saying what happened is wrong in the fact that they've used

we as the way to start the casual society and then and then imagine there

supposed to block somebody from banking and they have a good record. It's not fraud. Here's a whole other story. I had an a plus plus rating with my shopping, cart and bank accounts. I had for twenty two years and

banks, looked at it and said: we've quite frankly, never seen anybody with a credit rating. This high 'cause, you never even do chargebacks with our shopping cart,

we'll. Do that? What does mean chargebacks point? Is we have the best credit to rest? Okay, a group out of Boston

which I'm not going to mention here for your show and things, but we're preparing litigation against who does the rate



it's a secret rating system for like Talib,

Al Qaeda, the mafia. That's that's! Given the bank executives two days before Paypal, bandits, they put a hate, does

patient from the southern Poverty LAW Center Shane, I'm basically a terrorist

So when I call you I hate person now it means a terrorist in Interpol, so all over

western world

and we've been sent documents out of England and out of the U S.

That we were sent this by high level banking people that have worked out. We make contacts, lawyers check that they can't believe it. They have

designated me is an international terrorist and that's how they took five of my six bank accounts and got me down to one bank account with

Trick Credit Shang. You cannot take money on your shopping, cart,

infowarstore dot com for Prada

which T shirts books whatever you.

You aren't allowed to be in commerce because you are a terrorist and what do they use to define terrorist h,

It's classified symbols and we got some of the docking pages hate ages, hate



and just so, they just decide arbitrarily that you're, a hateful person that you promote hate, no judge, no jury. It's the global chinese social score, that's what they're! All!

sing for here, but this is what we're talking about this very important. This is actually dangerous. This is

really dangerous to give people the ability to define people without any strict, rigid qualifications? Without anything, you can point to

If I was a convicted murderer and got out of prison. I started on.

Stores, sell, T shirts

that was Charlie Manson. He hit like four tv specials on on on CBS on sixty

I was a kid I watched, Charlie Manson. I don't think he was allowed to get paid for those, though I think that was part of the thing because of his

sure they have laws on that. But the point is: would do her all the river shows. The point is Hitler

Basically was the number one thing on the history channel when they first launched it, so you can hear what Hitler has to say, even though we

he's a bad guy. Well, why can't your Alex Jones has to say because

they have found what I talk about is effective. It gets people thinking and they want to

shut down because we've we've re launch



Populism enforces done this. My audience has seventeen

the six worldwide populism.

Globalism Anti communism, Anti China and the big tech companies, Google and

Apple, and all of them have publicly moved to China and they publicly agree

The sensor and control the populations in the nose and that's why TIM Cook got so mad

me and I made a huge issue to Trump and I sent reports the President. I know he got and that's what happened.

On that Sunday night when they said. That's it we're Donald Jones. We have to take him down because I got investigations going

at the national security level, sending big reports the President through law, firms of Reuters and

AP, and then the articles which he wasn't getting.

China has given the code keys by apple this last year and

is moving their database there. All the code keys have been given to the chinese government and apple says.

Just part of being there and Google's building dragon fly.

Help since the entire population with the social,



the scores are already. Testing in Venezuela with China

bring it here and everything you do live time will be controlled and all the

Airlines now are putting cameras in that watch you, while you're in there. You think. Let me stop you because you rent and again I am ranting. It's ok. You

think they're using sandy hook as an excuse to get you off the

and the sensor you and to take away your ability to make income not because of that, but using that as an excuse because of the other things you do like targeting things like Google and talking about

things that you're talking about where they're in China and China's allow their allowing China to censor the population, I'm just telling I'm not against Google or apple, they did a lot of cool things. I'm saying stop it

I told you ten years ago you were built here in the? U, with DARPA money, don't go help. China

This stuff don't be evil. Well, I only take something because I I knew someone who worked at Google. I know someone who used to work at Google. I should say their thought process was that Google is going if they don't.

Bring Google to China in a censored form they're going to copy Google.



This is the real. The real worry, because China copies everything I mean there.

Intellectual copyright, but there gonna steal it better now, true, but it. But this is what they're saying what was it about that job, but did

Let me let me explain something from the point of view of Google as a business, and I don't

is I'm not saying. I agree with this because I don't wish more apple juice, get some apple juice in your system, fella. They they thing

king and this is what I was talking to a woman who was a very high level executive and she was saying that they're going to steal it. If we don't work with them,

they're, just going to steal, Google and and take the code and make their own version of it. So then

as a business. There like this is inevitable they're going to do it anyway, we're just going to give in

to their censorship demands. I don't agree with

I don't think it's a good idea, but I don't know what I would do. If I was Google I'll tell him you'll tell what I'll tell the little tissue. What should they Dio for China, your dad on what that person told you



when I had the globalist fifteen years ago, twenty years ago, trying to buy me off ten million a year. You know whatever, by the way cheers here, cheers brother anyway, when they did all that.

When I get all that. What were they trying to do who's trying to buy a lot? Well, I can't get into a private meetings. It's it's journalist of all record, but you, your body, gets this offers like Alex you're gonna him

those things by being on the inside, if you don't, join this and help save the planet and do all these big things might have got the same speech when he was in high school already. Ut had planned to tell you about that. What, if that later? But if you don't join us in the

bad guys there in the system are going to win, that's how they cooperate. 'cause, that's how those people you're talking to.

Pretty good person that person at Google they've had hundreds of their top engineers quit

over this, because here's the thing China in

one thousand nine hundred and forty nine- was nationalist and and



capitalist and our own cis, but declassified left us the Ford Foundation. That's above the CIA helped put the chai comes in power. It took

some decades to get running water in toilets. They have

environmental standards, no rules that had all of our investment they've been built up because

the chinese commies will do it over the global swine.

You go and you are in China. They make

you become state, run to get zero percent tax corporate. Ok, so I tried to lower ours, just be competitive,

China has zero percent corporate tax. Look it up now. If you become state sponsored state run

show they're claiming oh,

us of our technology, we're to go,

over there and spread our legs to him even more. So it's not a

people were willing and we're willing to take you along with us. So the idea that well, if we don't give it

so they're just gonna rip it off. So let

go really give him all the big secrets and and have Google last your till the Pentagon



going to help you with a autonomous drones, but Google Gay

them all. The latest aye ai.

And I'm getting more sophisticated stuff in a moment,

gave them all the sophisticated, a I and

China announces they've got all these drones that are autonomous and all these ai Ai Weapons systems director aircraft, so

what I'm telling you is China.

Has no rules. Twenty

ago they had cows that produce human milk. Twenty years ago

had spiders that british body armor spider guts

they have human animal hybrids. Thirty years ago, they've got giant. Human tissue farms

You know you hear. Oh, your Achilles is torn. We've got,

grown. A lab attendant is not a frickin tenant grown a lab. It's uh

Fricking deal humanoid, these aren't human.

The way they get around it is they made me went with that we're seeing saying so many things. This is listen. I love you to death.

You said that you know million dollar shipping which are real. I believe they are

you say so many different things without stopping it's hard



reporting to the government agency, so they'll listen, investigate Md Compartmentalized,

but will be studied for years. So

Well, I Jo Jo, JO, JO, yes Joe. It was in

my key quarterly. Twenty five years ago they had human animal embryos what they killed with the embryonic level. I believe they've got humanoids. I believe this I've been they look. They ever do use crisper to enhance children with higher intelligence. R S and Sharma was actually was a side effect. They believe a h. I it was something about HIV immune to HIV show yes,

I roll that is already been tested,

but it has a name

what's really going on, they have

call breakaway civilization

some of the regular civilization without sandy hook, which I get. I appreciate. Let me cover

and I'm sorry I never happened. I believe that happen. I'm sorry for people's pain, and

I ask



the families, and I asked the the lawyers. I asked them all stop at my name, saying on the wolf at the door: Shango

for these families and

running around to the news everywhere saying Al

Jones has Sandy hook didn't happen, be

the media about the media is the most unpopular thing in the world with seven.

Approval rating in Gallup. So when they say

I say it's fake that sin's people

to Connecticut, because people think the media lies. So if they're saying Alex Jones said didn't happen, it must have not happened and now they're trying to create a violent event, not the families.

I think some of the people involved know that if they make a big enough hype about it, they're going to have a big event:

up there in Connecticut, understand and they're gonna blame it on me. So I'm saying no! No! No!

I believe it happened

saying I said it didn't happen and stop saying that I'm saying no kids died because I want to talk

about human, animal hybrids and humanoids because Joe, why is it got to be a humanoid? Why? Because, if you make

A few percentage points another Anna,



or another creature.

It's a gray area. There's no human rights. You have an animal rights movement, you have a human rights movement. There's no alien movement aliens are real they're creating.

Human animal hybrids- that are a new creature- never here on earth, it's alien,

so the aliens are already here. I is alien.

The chimeras are alien, alien

they're already here so you're, saying they're, making these human animal hybrid. So they can what harvest tissue from them

just level one was level two what's level eight, because

I'll tell you a lot for the best

knowledge, a lot of people. Think: oh, it's! It's

Leman! Harvesting! Ah fall!

Are these Buddhist really healthy? That's big!

That's going on because they still have a

better non rejection rate, but with the eras

I remember twenty two years ago, reading

BBC article that was

testing the waters occasionally tested, and I go

about fifteen years ago, the first



the animal human come

test if they're not brought to term, but some

I just want to plant them in utero own cows, because

as a bigger uterus. You grow bigger, humanoid and get more tissue, and so then I went

I better go research that so I went to Ut Library. At that time you could get some of the internet like one thousand nine hundred and ninety six. I wouldn't actually pulled up all these m. I t reports talking to my dad other people who was a doctor

and they go yeah. That's really crazy and it

all about how we've got to prepare the public.

For this, because we're going to be able to download their memories and then put it in

This is before blade runner so

not like this is the world's on imitating blade runner, blade. Runner is

preparation for what's coming and there too

more human than human. This is going to be more advanced. This is going to be better, but like everything like a cell phone or like a vaccine



it's got a Trojan horse. It's got a back door, it's already been tested, it's already been perfected, it's being rolled out you're, not given the real technology you're, not given the real life extension you're, given the crap Joe and the earth is seen as like an egg yolk to give the proposed

in power for this new thing, that's going to be born

and whether you believe it or not, just like when the new thing, meaning artificial intelligence, beyond that, it's a fusion of artificial intelligence and a whole

synthesis of new life forms, and so

text, big giant race. When he almost came in and told you 'cause, he goes he's billionaire functions and he has a conscience so he's freaked out and they go these billions

functions. I don't just know this. I've talked to people, and I was in wired, Mag,

sing twenty something years ago. Why the future doesn't need his bill? Joy, a billion,

CO owner, said: Microsystems

list of billionaires billionaire meeting with two hundred guys and the consensus was we're going to play video games

party all day, we're going to set up a world government we're to slowly type

take the employees in the the public him down, put it

magnetic radiation out with five g, the scrambles their dna lowers your iq. We're were



smash mental illness in a controlled societal collapse that will then

organized and controlled in the mop up crew by robots controlled by

the globalist programmers who believe with the off world entities there in communication with

that they're going to be given the operation to upload and be in that larger kind of bored cube

system. Okay, if they sell the country country, got hit the brakes brakes 'cause. We need to take this back to I'm so baffled. What's matter with one of these things,

MIT Technology review estimates at about twenty pregnancies of pig, human or sheep human chimeras have been established during the last twelve months in the US total whitelist in twenty sixteen hundred percent. Believe it look,

I think that this was going on in nineteen. Eighty five, I'm sure they tried to recruit my dad to a DARPA program Bible

in college, and then he was a dentist. I believe that I believe that they will take all sorts of Lib

he's in great scientists, scientific research I def



we did you ever see, trending implausible shattering again, but let's, let's start slow because you, you know you get over two hundred different factors in bombs, trying to ignite the atmosphere. Yes in the nineteen sixties. No, I know that the Us Airforce tried to destroy the atmosphere in nineteen. Sixty eight, yes, operation, starfish prime,

they actually detonated a nuclear bomb they adopted.

In a nuclear bomb in the upper trying to blow up the radon radiation. Yes, they've done a lot of goofy shit. See that's the thing, that's why I got mad at you and I love you and you're smart guy and everything is, I know, go listen. You got mad because we didn't communicate all this stuff. I know you're even better. It's saying it and then use

you can't handle it and you said it's not going to go now. It's not that I can handle it's these two factors, one! I don't have it any time. I don't have enough time to

go into it as much as you do us wiped out. I thought I got mad at you. That's it right there you every time I bring up a

can subject. You know all about it. I don't know



You fucking know all about this shit hole a smart guy, Lee Side, people who hype Gnosis, dumb joke

this is a pot bullshit. You know exactly

What should I don't think: you're a bad guy, you're trying to survive for you and your family and do good? Ok, but you know not a family, your family, none of us are going to make it there's a post here.

Error. Coming the breakaway civilization the deal's been made, it's not it

not! The third dimension. They've made frickin deals with interdimensional aliens and notice the media never test for that. 'cause! That's the truth. Maybe this is true. I do not know this and they get into it.

I do not know this, and even these human pig

hybrids, Jamie, just pull this.

I believe it's true. I mean I'm worried about human paying high bridge. I'm sorry, the Sandy Hill kids died. My identity is not that I get it. They admit five

G and all the studies Latimes Times causes massive mutation and cancer. Wait a minute literally rattles your dna apart, all of our



under attack. You mean five minutes drop for allowing five to come in. This is the new internet. You know what they will China put in Wapo.

You know Farjeon Major, that's the big chinese

fire today, no you're on fine, no, the five g you're on fire, okay,

Bbc article in ninety six about human animal hybrids with pigs and cows. Yes, you gotta make

Our cows of the cow keeps you doesn't reject it or part, pick: okay,

fan and that you know about pigs and rats.

Most closely related to get rejected. You know about that. Yes, pigs.

Very close to humans, even use PIG

organs and people usually do everything show no it's true.

You know in a general knowledge, you know everything I know. No! No! No! I don't listen on italian those little. We know what they're doing so

Just like they say just like they say.

Oh yeah, we had human animal hybrids. This is like freaking, thirty nine.



Years ago. Now, twenty three years ago, I'm reading in the BBC about it and go confirm a test. Ok and they're. Just floating

There was an article in nineteen ninety nine in the Baltimore Sun

No, I a blow you away. Who is his dad was a US congressman got killed his brother US senator he,

he should have on the show, the guys that got all the money. Given a native americans- and you spell his last name bag. It's it's it's a good friend of mine. Can I get him on

frequent will fly right now, anyway. The point is so. What does he do? He

was telling me all these years ago. He goes Alex. It isn't chemicals in the food.

Water, that's Charles lost baggage, checked it Jim, it's electrochemical, electrochemical!

but I'm reading in the Baltimore Sun after I just had

I thought it was crazy, is giving all these patents for mind, control using wave links in microwaves and I'm sick.

We're looking at it and I'm reading it and I'm seeing it.



The Baltimore Sun says the CIA is testing on cell towers, wave links to calm the public during crises. I just had baggage on with patents. Talking about that, what baggage explains his?

It's, not that the microwaves have somehow interface with the brain. We all

the interface with the space wins all these other magnetic fields. Everything else show there

will just testing this stuff and so everything they deploy. They've got all these other technologies. My dad was at UT and sixty five,

was in high school already had cd roms computers, everything,

but they had a nuclear reactor underneath the building would put that album

oh absolutely, that's what I'm telling you

breakaway civilization, dude. We don't know what they've got we don't know.

We don't know who we don't know the whole thing.

I'm telling you is. This is hiding in plain view and that's why?

If you knew all this you're trying you're trying to tell people go? Oh, oh,

he's doing that find one thing he did. That sounds mean and make that his whole world,

I'm telling you is it's been in the newspaper



the cell towers, are being used for my control. That sounds like a schizophrenic. So see here,

I want to see that. How do they use the cell towers? Will probably look here's the thing. Here's the deal right here. You gotta total schizophrenic. That thing

the sun is following around town and thinks their dog

watching him and works for the aliens. That's not happening. You've got someone over here, someone over here the believes everything they see on Fox, yes, okay, yes, now

She is good. Science is good, trying to figure out what's real and all of us get freaked out the nature of the world. No one knows what the universe is. We don't have all the answers, so it kind of people can't handle that bigness. They can't handle that question especially low iq, so they had

differentiate and create a model that allows

to put it in boxes, so they can make it make sense because they can't handle it, like. I, like I say, even top astronaut space walk for the first time and they're out in the universe and the whole planet, Sun room, and what are they going to do that? It's it's my ball!



Well, imagine once you realize we don't know everything we don't.

Stand in its endless and there's all this crazy crap people go nuts and his humans learn more and more, as we become more advanced into this metamorphosis, it's going to create a

giant societal crisis. Where most the people already going to get killed the

humblest understand that in the birth of this planet, this new species and so

they decided to take control, making scientific stun everyone and dumb down. So they could scientifically try to orderly Kerry this operation. But then I go wait. A minute you're dead

over one hundred hydrogen hundred bombs, the upper atmosphere to see if you could ignite the atmosphere, destroy the earth yeah, but that was in the sixties. I know, but what I'm telling you is

The same professors trained people right, but those people are dead. The people that detonated those hydrogen bombs in the 60s they're dead now

does not we're not dealing with the same human beings.

With you. I know people in a lot of ways are more immoral. Now I think I agree with you in some ways that everything evolves and things get better. This is one of my arguments about operation, Northwoods that if they were able to



operation Northwoods and get it signed by the Joint Chiefs of staff in nineteen sixty two was it sixty two

if they were able to do that

and no one went to jail and no one got arrested for proposing that they were gonna arm cuban friendlies and have them bomb Guantanamo Bay and blow up which a cuban jetliner and and and and shoot people who is it? Yes, that's cool! Yes, this things evolve, things evolve and if unchecked-

and obviously that was unchecked, no one went to jail.

That no one, you know even PBS covered it like. I never even knew this. Let's read this one here: the significance of the

research he explained is that, although the cell phone power is low, electromagnetic radiation can nevertheless have an effect on.

Intell behavior

transmitting at the proper frequency? What is this article? Jamie, scientific, american and scientific american ads titled, mind controlled by cell phone, so

Who really does have an effect. They did a whole stuff, but let's go further, it does it. So there is. So what do you think



they're making this node maybe classified last year,

thirty, seven page CIA manual from the nineteen seventies, when they were putting up cell towers, that

like trees already test,

sing in neighborhoods? Ok, did you show your shit? Can I shut my phone track shoe

catches you and controls you and surveilled you. You think that it's one way, but you

that it's a microwave relay system?

They can manipulate and then

towers, even more powerful. So this is a device

given to us by the gods

okay given to us by the technology that that the break

my government NASA has developed that you

just think they made up themselves right. What do you mean

think made it up when

to get to it? I want listeners, understand something notice, notice that she is not going to cover this. The meat is not

well cover that the show they're not going to cover this



because this is not my opinion. This is the real research that I have heard that that I have talked to arm

the generals commanding generals made

your generals, general generals, CIA, everybody and they're. All one hundred percent

and I thought it was a sign out before- and I've research and I've talked to hundreds of people now not not on air,

to make a film on this, who

taken Ayawaska and EMT? I have not taken it and for obvious reasons- and

and it's unbelievable because I mean they. One hundred percent in San Francisco is the main

project site,

literally have an alien base

and they are literally communicating and they've got like astronaut level people take

super hardcore levels of drugs and going into meetings with these things and making intergalactic deals and that again, that's what the guy

believes it says. They're doing when you say the government, it's a broad stroke, the painting



using a broad brush. What do you mean by the a rogue intelligence

ok. So what you're saying is essentially that they're using psychedelic drugs to communicate with interdimensional beings, Spirit Guide, everyone, every

who's done. A high dose of psychedelic drugs has had this experience, so everyone

listening to you right now, who's done DM

tea or done five

terms of Psilocybin. They know

this is you have some

kind of communication with something else? The question is: is that something else

inside your psyche or is that something

it's a chemical doorway. Is there a chemical doorway inside the mind that opens up in the

leaf? Is that when you die- and this is the the afterlife is

and when you die your brain,

deuces these chemicals, these chemicals ope

this doorway- and this is the

portal to the next dimension, so you're saying

saying that the



government is aware of this, and they must be aware of this. I've heard enough people talk about it. They must have done experiments on it. What a scientist usually put on another secret of the universe for sure and people that have the courage to expect

with these things and try them themselves realize that this is such a profound experience that it is

it's so alien that

alien landed right now in our parking lot and

a little gray, man with big black eyes got out. It would be nothing compared to what I've seen on psychedelic trip. So let me just tell you

me getting into the show is just because some people need to understand that. I know about this for a long time and I just don't think people are ready for it. But a lot of folks who.

Have low oxygen and and who adult brains well. Well, who have sleep apnea of big big next big hedge tongues, God thank you.

You go down a sixty two percent oxygen, that's another time that

Brain releases DMT,



show my whole life since I was about my first memories. Were every night was a DMT trip, so I basically

I don't want this to sound again. It's not I've, seen everything. Well, I believe that

When you're dreaming, it's most likely the same chemicals that are being released at what a key point that when you go in the room sleep it opens the gate which side is a proven. Your brain is working on the fourth fifth sixth dimension,

and if you can work into those two measures, you could see beyond it. So that's what I'm trying to tell you this. I don't already know all this show if you're on it, here's what's happening.

Much saying your bad. I never said you were in the CIA. I say the CIA is on record with Timothy Leary and everybody promoting elusive

the sixties. They admitted it was a plan to try to

She we doing the public to make the more suggestible, but there's a.

Larger program and they kind of backed off because it



got out of control and actually created some people that were actually fighting him, so it didn't have any effect they wanted.

They moved on the on

the t that they promoted, which goods

people that have accomplish compass, don't have problems with that. Weak minded, stupid people on others. Here's an example, this guy smart, Eric

Mancow Muller

skin is made out of it on the show. Before I tell you what she likes, I like him to come around. He well everybody's everybody's on this quest, and I told you I thought, like a hundred people, I've talked to more

A lot of people are going to do in these. The GMT and Iowa trips outside Austin they're, going all over the place. Yes and.

I'm on the show. You told me the same story: everybody tells you in Peru are being

Rekha. He wanted to traipse down there and he said yeah um,



we're sitting there and we take the Alaska and then all these basically elves aliens come out of the

and we're all sharing the same aliens were all hearing the same thing and it's like

read three of us or whatever seeing and he goes, but it was the drugs of

act on our brains? No no address.

Everyone sees something different when you open a gate and now

Now, interdimensionally your brains already filtering out most stuff, because

you can't handle it. Your eyes are already seeing like a cat. It's like seeing something in order

dog will you know when they first identified? There's certain certain

opponents to ayawaska, and one of them is harming

and when they first identified it, they tried to call it telepathy mean the reason why they call it telepathy in because when they were taking ayawaska we're having these group experiences that were undeniable that we're experiencing like very

vividly the same things.

So the governments obviously obsessed with this and isn't working out, but here's the problem here is a problem that term the government. You talk,



post office? No, no, I'm not officers on the street, the street talking with the fire department, I'm talking about ruling techno ruling, but who are these people, but I think the government is a shitty turn. I know they are okay, but that term the problem with that.

Is it lumps you in? Did you know that

Gibson movie. Conspiracy theory was a wacky. Dude was driving a cab believed in fucking. Tinfoil hat type should have been tortured, yes, exactly compartmentalized, yes, but that kind of stuff. When you say the government is doing

cool, is doing this who's working on these experience.

Names, no, no, no, here's the thing visually. Okay, maybe you want to say that the governor I'll show you know you're right. It's done to say the government and the big question is who runs things? That's more question: that's the thing is the day when everybody, so

is they don't want you to know? I remember that Fucking guy, who is ripping people off like weight loss, seek

so they don't want you to know Kevin Trudeau and they put him in jail for that he's in jail.

Now you won't get off the money. He's got a pile of cash somewhere and he said he would do that



they said that we have Kevin. Trudeau, I think, is a con man up enema few times very manipulative

I think he has a right

to say healthcare cures, natural cures. They don't know

There are some. There are some of the point. Is they don't look? I have some love in my heart for Kevin Trudeau because he started the international pool tour

was he was putting a lot of money in a professional pool yeah, but I mean I mean: here's the oxy cotton company. The documents came out shit

we're going to totally a dick people and then we're going to sell him drugs

to get off of it. Yes, that's pure frickin, either so locked their ass up and then we'll get the capital later I agree with, and I'm not even

fending ever because I met with every few times. I know all about

and it was like he was one hundred percent about him in a one way, freight ST well, I didn't get that experience with

with me and him just talked about pool. I was doing some stuff with him when he was first starting. The pool tour came to a couple of his events, but he that



hey this thing that was like you always have a good way of asking questions. Instead of saying who runs it all right, you wait till I do the cliche, the government and you correct me what I'm doing is playing devil's advocate and I'm also looking at it from the perspective of five hours and he's coming to another hour and get dinner. Okay, let's let joy

you yeah to no. No, no, no, not not yet you want to come in.

Two instead of one whenever you want anyways,

Let me try to be clear, I'm having a good time with you. I just want. You know we try to be clear. I can't say all of this on here and I'm going to leave it at that, but

on record twenty years ago before anybody,

talking about the clockwork, elves and now the think they're in touch with these entities and things

only because I don't want to get I'm, not the CIA

the CIA is bigger than Coca COLA. It's in basic, bigger than Walmart



I've never been an intelligence agency. I've never been part of any of the stuff, but I had family that was in advanced DARPA research projects that I don't know all the details about and

I was a kid. My dad told me about some of it. Not knowing I'd be a talk show host later, like when the

director the CIA needed to have to tooth pulled okay,

show my dad, like the doctor to you, know these guys and remember it around. The kitchen

unlike 70s, like

can't, tell you all about it, but it's a classified program in Maryland and underground an they basin

all the details, but it's double the money I'm making now this international security, but I think I think it's basically, you know we're going to we're. Building cyborgs

got special forces that have volunteered, so we can infiltrate

Russians and get two codes

systems and I believe it's implanting, but messages in

Jason and and uh

as I do in plants. I think it's a brain surgery program for microchips, and so I'm here, girls



David, I'm sick of these people and you've already done so much for the cut government and

but they've already done to you in a my my brother. You're. Not going to be you know,

I want you out of this, so this is

you know, seven years old or not hearing about your hearing about the cyborgs, okay, okay, so show that's the kind of stuff

I grew up. Seeing and you know, let's go get your uncle he's coming off a c one hundred and thirty. You are

day in army uniform from Guatemala. The others arm guys

I don't know okay and I don't need to know. Okay,

point is, is that's what I grew up. You know the type of stuff I saw, and

my dad never told me about all this stuff. When I was old,

her till it was like twelve years

So I was finishing in game blueprint for global enslavement. That's free still online! It's all about,

world government and out of cell phones watching you and everything everything proven it.

Country was the plan for one world government and don't have kids and all that attack on the family,



and we were gonna go ballet recital for like my three year old daughter, she's like fourteen hour, and they sit down for like an hour and watch the end of the film's three our film and my mom goes David. That's not

true. He goes yes. It's all true when I was in June

International Recruitment of the program there.

And they said the Nazis were wrong because they're only targeting certain groups were going, everybody and the planetary.

Breakaway in world government and blah blah blah

nuclear reactor under UT, T and also stuff, which later went actually truth even hidden. But the point is

that my dad was that special, my dad was like the score

The six smartest in texas- and I had a group of less

and kids and they brought him in his juniors in high school and said we're going to

do all this like they recruited, because 'cause want to be an ass, that's where the national, so when he gets in here because

right NASA a big secret group. It's the other side of the breakaway government. There's the CIA Breakaway government, one thousand nine hundred and forty seven



there's Kennedy setting up NASA one thousand nine hundred and sixty one so there to do,

competing breakaway governments and those

are the real garbage of the. When you say by breakaway governments. What do you mean breakaway govern,

breakaway civilizations, each the real grew.

That are like the cult you say who are they there scientist who, based on

your psychic ability,

and on your iq and then on your commitment to the program. So the

program- starts- starts with you: go check black people with syphilis for a greater cost or

will you do research programs on babies where we,

for women

Oh, your baby died right. There were born early will, keep the baby alive and sometimes kill him, sometimes harvest them, sometimes just experiments on

why they've got a lot of nurses, have notice now that baby's disappeared birth

Maybe that's, why the governor said who's? Actually organ harvesting doctor? He goes. We



people, the are love after the blonde have a discussion they're getting caught now 'cause. We did

metalized? What I'm?

Choose what you see now? It just never ends yeah. What are you saying about babies like what are they doing with babies? You saw the governor of Virginia say we keep babies alive after their born, kill him right. Well, I didn't

him comfortable, I am very, very concerned with late term

abortions, post post birth, Joe understand post.

How much money do you think they get

with for a seven and a half pound baby? They can keep a lot for two weeks and momma doesn't know so

register the organs and get bidders

but to me, then they can make five hundred thousand, but if you saying you did Bailey, they kill on the spot, only get fifty grand, but even saying they take them.

From the mother and the mother doesn't know that the baby's alive

You know how they engineered tomatoes, the last on the shelf. Yes,.



You, can pull all this up challenge?

just passed it.

No should be Virginia is about to pass in New York. Trying to pass a California founded, passing

other states trying to pass it to keep.

Babies alive and allow notice the governor goes

We don't want this three minute clip hold up. We don't want to go

some involve the doctors and the mother, who's drugged up, even say that

I'm gonna decide sad about the future, and maybe she

baby alive a week. Maybe

I to get rid of baby wait a minute. Is this a viable

maybe there's something wrong with this babe viable. The Schinias voted three days ago on Monday to not pass a bill for

birth abortion to not kill livable, Post bird says viable babies,

already born can be killed if the bioethics port. I bet you.

And millions pull that up Jamie. We gotta figure this. I know the letters won't. Believe me. I absolutely would you go finding posts about this, but it says that it's been taken out of car



text. What is that media matters? More Snopes Huffington Post is at Snopes, mostly false, Huffington Snopes

we're! No. Why don't you do this shame Jamie? Go you go to the source of the governor, go to you

tube and type in?

Virginia talks about post birth, abortion watch the unedited three minutes. How do you call it abortion if it's already been born? Well, that's what true

said he said he said a month ago in this way

broke, he said and see. The left is: soaking

I'm not saying the that mainstream media, whatever we're so censored now, they're, making move right now now

mobilised, technocracy, the mad scientist, the guys that are

want to learn the secrets. The universal we only hand. So what you're saying is a lot of the censorship, a lot of one mil. I don't have ten million I will give,

before God and country to Jaimes. I'm not kidding



give one million dollars to your charity of choice. No listen to me

This trip changed. I come up with the children

I will give you one million. If you can prove that I'm

king out that the governor said we keep babies alive after they're born. We keep him comfortable.

And turns out he's an organ harvesting thing and that's what they're doing

keep babies alive, don't go to snow.

The governor go to the governor of Virginia

that's why they went ahead and burning for the black face. They're using the blackmailing

They say that on him, it's the same guy as soon as he said

soon as Trump and we all covered as soon as he tweeted. He said,

yes, we're getting rid of babies after they're already born. You don't want to know

figure out with George Soros put in it right

I mean I oversimplified that immediately note that I know what I said: they've weaponized marijuana into a hallucinogen category.



Causes more schizophrenia. I think it does. I said that

Goncourt neighbor yeah. I think it does it does certain people have friends who are already susceptible yes and the weeds so strong that that that that that they start thinking that I'm worrying,

want to be sure she knows, and I agree with you on that I mean I think, come I have Cintron alpha types needed to not have a heart attack. Well, I don't

I need to remember when you wanted me to smoke pot with you in that in that bathroom shooting a video like as a joke like twenty years ago, yeah yeah, that I say that makes me apparently yeah. That was funny Joe. The only time I feel for were wearing fucking, George Bush and George Bush senior master dancing around the capital.

Sometimes today's value, the feast

with the song. He wrote you at that fucking song about it Jamie Jamie. This is a joke. I will give one dollar million. You don't have to give any money, but I believe you I just want a little, but I have skin in the game.

My phone, I believe you I mean he's going to find it will listen to it. You don't have to we're listening to you,

and then he uses these arguments. He uses these arguments,



Well, sometimes the baby. Sometimes the baby is

is the phone. No, they want the organs

and so told the planned parenthood, videos of Texas and California. Two years of

the project, VERITAS others got where they're saying I'm getting

Yellow Ferrari

Man, I'm making hundreds of thousands off each baby, we've partial birth. They keep the baby alive, they take it in the back.

They have a van pull up that takes it to

a chinese government run facility in the U S and they got the sucker. Let's listen after birth aboard. This is Jim Eyes this. It Alex okay, a hearing yesterday, when Fairfax County delicate Cathy Tran made her case for lifting restrictions,

on third trimester abortions, as well as other restrictions now in place, and she was pressed by

public and delegate about whether her bill would permit an abortion, even as a woman is especially dilating ready to give birth and she answered that it would permit an abortion at that stage of labor.



Do you support her measure and explain her answer

I wasn't there Julie and I certainly can't speak for Delegate Tran, but I will tell you one

first thing I would say this is why decisions such as this should be made by

writers of physicians

and the mother son and file?

shopping around. I JANET interrupt notice, he's usurping law, their whole plan.

It's bioethics on display in a but it's only two minutes: mothers and fathers,

that are involved there

You know when we talk about third trimester abortions. These are done with the consent.

Obviously the the mother with the consent of the

physicians. More than one physician by the way- and it's done

cases where there may be severe deformities. There may be a fetus, that's non bible. So in this particular example,



if a mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen. The infant would be delivered the

if it would be kept comfortable. The infant would be resuscitated if, if that's what

the mother and the family desired, and then it does

Russian would ensue between the physicians and the mother, so so I think this was really blown out of proportion.

But again we want the government not to be involved in these types of decisions. We want the decision to be made by the

the mothers and their providers, and this is why Julie

that legislators, most of whom are men by the way shouldn't, be telling a woman what she should and

don't be doing with her body and do you think

opal position should have to weigh in, as is currently required, she's trying to lift that requirement? Well, I think it's all

good to get a second opinion and for for at least two providers to be involved in that decision, because these decisions shouldn't be taken lightly.



And so that you know I would, I would certainly support more than one provider all right. Let's go back to the wow, that's a weird thing that she's kinda, let him say: I'm

these the story but hold on a second that's, what's weird is that the

She was they talking about about resuscitating the baby that they would keep the

be alive, then a decision would be made. Isn't that that's like you think

Asia, like you, can grand. Why you're so smart gentleman, your ass, but you can't do that to you. Grammy right, you

families like. Eighty years old, you can't you can't just kill

well member districts over the Newsweek cover the case for killing granny. They say

so. Let me explain now: you've got it

you hear that legalese turns out

when I saw that clip a month ago, because they had a doing debate about the bill,

and they said yeah we'll kill babies after they're born and their debate. How

far on one of the doctors say, but it's

jurisprudence, there's law. You can't do that. So this is a the government



involved. This is the medical system you sharpen if they can,

little baby after it's born

sometimes they deformed naughty, sometimes sometimes a phone. Here's, the key notice,

he said we resuscitate they'd

don't consider you alive till the Bio Ethics Board,

Shash, that you're a viable human and under the bar,

traffic in Europe and U Un now, which is all

watch it below the E. U was set up by the Volkswagen among his full trying to sell, but that that was little drawn. The first we'll talk about Hitler Alley the

example. When Hitler was a really bad dude, but he literally so much for world government

everything.

They had a system where they first killed. Babies, they thought were deformed. That was one thousand nine hundred and thirty four

And the final solution happened like six seven years later, and so he sang 'cause.

A big problem, they've got undercover videos are keeping babies alive. You won't pull those up, I'm not B S, Ing, there's hot, so they've got a

start getting it going now, with God,



physicians in people to

because the nurses to freaking out and they're, saying

we're keeping babies alive and they get put in a van and drive away. What's going on there I would get

comfortable show the baby.

Worth five hundred thousand dollars who's playing in the chain of delivery. Just on time, delivery

a lot of money and of but

if you kill him right on the spot.

Like wow, we waste in this seven pounds of meat, so she

they can keep him alive, and now they built these new wings. They

new, so I could pull up, but they have wings where they go,

So we consider the baby dead, the

other decided it didn't live. If

he decides we resuscitate and lives, but it

Jayden resuscitate its flesh. It's

at least it's passed into a special ward, with doctors

make a few million a year

and a little bit a little flesh. Ball is kept alive.



Double until

All the orders come in the planes land and they take the organs. Then they take the blood

and they take the ski and Joe.

You see how it works,

now you know with his voice. No no but see is a southern love invoice. You see my dad new organ harvesters in Dallas

and he said, don't sign your organ donor card they've got corrupt hospitals. Where

you are totally viable, they take your organs, cheese and then I said-

dad you're crazy, but inside the organ donor card, and

it might end the hospital too in Dallas then,

When I was DEC a decade later my

grandparents, house, warming, grandpa, dad watch sixty minutes and it was Dallas, TX and Chicago caught killing people that were viable to take their organs tonight. The sixty minutes-

expos and it was a freaking hospital, my dad told me about Jesus Christ,

that's what I'm telling you is where you



At the kitchen table, when you right here in about cyborgs

That's why I know about this. My dad never got fully into it. He decided to get out of it.

And he decided to get out of it.

You're legitimately freaking me the fuck out Joe. I will

I will let you know the problem- is some of it makes sense, because people figure

the way to rationalize a lot of things. If you see a guy's mangled in the cracks it's but he's still alive- and you know you

until the bags broken econsave five love yeah

I mean yeah I mean, but the thing is how many people would have to be involved,

to be real Joe. I can show you.

Let's not exaggerate. Fifth

videos of

planned parenthood workers laughing

saying I made a one million bucks yesterday last year. It's incredible, we just keep him

longer will get ten times the money rolling. In fifty fifty grand baby baby. We we gotta, kill him before they leave the building. The mother doesn't know



talk her into it. Oh ma'am, you're, three months pregnant, all the baby might have a problem, might have a heart murmur. Oh the ultrasound, oh yeah, and then they get you

we're going. This is truth yeah they

keep it alive, but only a few hours and they got

get planes coming in advance vans and they don't get the full price because they can't put it on the auction. They've got digital corporate

auctions. Look this up for organs me bring something up.

I had this guy on yesterday yesterday, with this book Eleanor Coast name. Is you on

and he's he's an investigative

analysts who lives in Mexico when he studies the cartel they shall organs, and what this one of the things he was saying was that they get these people used to killing and they were getting the

kids and having these kids kill at a young age and dismember people, and they were doing it to get the fear out of the body

this one guy? Who was they they a nickname for him Tyson? He would he was a cop,

but he was also in charge of hiring these little kids and



training, these little kids to be assassins and he would teach them how to dismember people

is going into it and all the things they did all all the beheadings that they did. He was saying that they try to that in certain certain groups

of people when they have this organization. They try

try to get them used to horrific act. Let's call the cement of blood, and that's a

Heinrich Himmler term

head of the ss- is that the SS

yes, Joe Hitler had about seven eight years for the war, so he got

like twelve year olds, ready for war, and they would get him like

fun and swimming and working out at boxing, and then they would like weather like

give a hot hooker.

Give him drugs drugs Ellis eating and discovered Switzerland. Hitler was put them on D, DMT, everything and

We would then have these religious experiences and set your invincible, you're so

per. This is all been declassified, but it's more esoteric writings and so

they would get him all wound up and then to graduate



an ss officer after you've had a dog. Like five years. You had to strangle your german Shepherd

yeah that was my friend ARI. His dad was in the israeli special forces or one of those one brand. Would you what branch was one

branch of the israeli military and they had to kill a kitten

and look Jews are just like anybody else. There's good people are bad people, but yeah Israel

I got so screwed by the Nazis

sickening away, just kind of copied a lot of it and by the way

is trying to kill him up. Not even my point is: is that the Nazi

got evil down. So much that, like we brought thirty four thousand into a NASA, the run the university's paper

everybody wanted they were, they were like winning the lottery

they were all robots to do whatever they were told. Well, one VON Braun

was absolutely and he was a show, show,

show it would happen was first they gave him shacks. They gave him power, they would really press room. You have to go

two things and then they would basically,



know just condition them to do whatever they were told. They call this a

the blood because then

like you know, kill your dog remember

I was going to ruffle Texas. I ran like a satanic cult, has got this girl's a senior in high school she's super odd, I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in ninth grade

she's. Picking me up in a Mercedes and I'm taking me some mansion. The with her is incredible:

and I'm walking out of the house. Is that look like

sixteen when I was thirteen

you like screwing, my daughter, I screw her too

just as soon as you join us love Lucifer, you get all the will tell you want boy 'cause. We want you, but

glad. It's really oh yeah, but that's yeah, not incredible. Life. Look also do now, but the point is: is that you know shell you're in la you know about all this, but the point is I don't know about all that. The point is: is that

the Satanist is that I really got into this and they said well, I said: what do you want? 'cause? I don't want to be like we want you to kill your dogs, and so

point is: is that now all these years later



kill a loving thing that serves you cares about.

This interface dogs are very psychically. Second, buffers dogs are able to people like interface with you and they will

You take something, that's ready to die for you and they want you to kill that that's like killing a child. The dog is very similar child,

very spiritual, very holy you're, very good. At Donald,

its masters Florida.

It could be evil, but

early fall. My God servers people

about all this? And this is what's going on, and this is what's happening and shows

you want to submit a blood. Is they get people in a group

they get into horrible evil things during per pressure and they create the synthesis. You have to know the darker elements of the

criminal networks that are inside our government. Our app

running Mexico as a laboratory test,

so native Americans, Americans are Americans are and HO and and tough and they're ready to fight. You know I'm part native American, like six percent Comanche, and you know

Texas, and just that little bit makes me wild, and so they can get them



because they're, powerful they're, smart, they're, neat, they're cool, but.

Genetically they go into group, think really really fast and so native Americans. You can mind, control really fast. Well, it's like Vietnam. I mean you know the

The the the the the Bering Land straight in base a test as you

six of of of measure,

especially Chinese

because there was always some whites and vikings even two thousand years ago in the area, but um like that. Nobody in fights in Korea fight the Chinese. That's really

error. Vietnam assist. Do you think it's working? I mean they're like their conscious and real people, but when they get into a

right, they all sync up in a robot that had no fear I mean

psychotic killers are fighting, and so

Asians are by about the most fearless killers. There are like the Mongols with any of them do stuff. Then, once Asians go to war, it's like they do not there. It's in fact



not even craze going wild in the battle there like robots, coming to kill you, and so you think that's from do. You think that

from the heritage of war that they have a long like, if you think about Japan, Japan,

a long history of being a noble warrior culture with the samurais and place the the Marshall from the nobility, it's the genetics,

right, but genetics is what creates that you know it's like five.

Have you loading planes, saying I mean what I'm saying is think about a place like Japan were so much martial arts came from

sword fighting

karate above a bunch of different branches of karate judo to Jitsu, Japan, all that stuff came from Japan, I mean that

that that is a group of people that were obsessed with combat mean they

they figured out. Ruling class was well not just that the soldier

and even the civilian. No, I agree, but the ruling class was samurai ya, yeah Gun's, the ruling class was the shoguns right and when you think about

What a small place Japan is now



dining in is that so much innovation, especially in terms of like Weiner Work, Marshall and I'll get into bell curve. You've got black people that are smart as any white person, and then you have black people that are way better,

March, whatever they're our genetic differences, when asked a and you've got the head of your former, you know I was cold springs, harbor watch,

comes out, says: blacks are inhuman. All that b. That's just the racist crap, it's in the government, but it's true that nor

some groups or northern Europeans, and then the Japanese

he's on average per capita have like you and

they're they're, Japanese and

there are some northern Europeans that have the highest Iqs, but

get into like say: Jews have very high, accused on average yearly Jews of extraordinary high, also really social files winners, it's a bunch of. So

not just one type of intelligence, yeah

oh for sure, yeah. Well, there's there's

There's tests that you can run in terms of mathematics but there's no real test. You can run in terms of social justice. Psychic connectivity



The dna is a transceiver and

My skill is that's why I'm usually kind of like almost autistic is I'm just being constantly like everything is going on, but then it actually focus in Aiken, like figure out the exact enemy opera.

That's why they're really pissed they people that

jewish that are german, they're, chinese or japanese or italian, or mexican people that

either through fear or whatever get into dark side light side get into.

Don't give people the knowledge control '

people down them down, dominate them,

Is there only rocket fuel for you to go?

the next level. You know what's interesting about this, not that you're right or wrong. What's interesting is how many people resist the idea that it's possible for someone to try to control everybody, and if you just go back in history, just you know, go back to world WAR two and how Hitler controlled germ



and that's it. They tell you no ones trying to control you, that's all that's going on, but that one is a particularly fantastic one

'cause. It was a culture that came out of a bad time right out of world.

For one and

by and this guy guy offered them pride in being german. He offered this this idea of a master race Damassa,

race is a crazy idea

because then, if you look at the black Israelites or you look at it at law, Raza are met you or you look at some of the right wing jewish groups. Every Chinese every group says with the master rules, yeah well sure, but I mean

many have tried to engineer the way Hitler did that's what's really crazy

exactly the reason, the reason the globalist. What if you want to you, want to get the signal, but I'm, but I'm saying, but I or sick or hold on a second. What I'm saying is that it is amazing that there is a guy

who has this idea of a master race and if you were, but people reject

it worldwide. It was one of most evil aspects of who he waas. That's really interesting to me that people reject



Did it because they knew it was like an improper calculation. General public rejected the idea other elites trying to duplicate it was an improper calculation. The calculation was the only way to get people that you want to get a master race. You have to have master genetics, but it didn't take into account was compassion

it didn't take into account what's necessary to have a real, healthy community. That was a slow, fucker, quick flash community

because everybody was like hyper focused on the nation.

To have a real long term community, you have to have compassion, you have to have camaraderie and

is going to be people who your use use the leftist compassion when they

for China and DRAM San, and you sharing the left cell Elkin,

action. We can't hurt anyone's feelings were helping arrest following gun and sell their organs that we're Google and talk to me you're right, you're right, the left has giant flaws and Asj.



Find flaws in its ridiculous ideas, I'm against war. I am too

so now you see. National studies show this Gallup Poll Democrats now support

or more than Republicans this is about.

This is about pulling out of screen, is trying to get denuclearize and everybody's loving it in South Korea and Japan and N Korea and he's actually got

not fire missiles destroyed. English is a real. The real problem there's a real problem, people not being able to say that anything that Trump does is good. If a Democrat was doing what Trump was doing on some issues, I just got some. I would support them. I don't give a damn what they do.

Here are well,

and so then Trump got rid of the

he's getting rid of the minimum sentences. I mean Hillary Clinton, you know, oh god. I saw this heather that I'm ranting, but I was watching I forget to the top down

That was they were on CNN. I'm going to play a clip of my show and I didn't do it and they and they go they go. They go. President Trump thinks blacks,



yeah. The clip was CNN, CNN says Trump thinks blacks are stupid,

and it was a CNN panel going Trump says,

Blacks are super predators who have to be brought to heel and Joe that

Hillary Clinton, one thousand nine hundred and ninety four after she passed the crime act. That's her quote, so

they're inverting reality. Knowing are talking point if she did that we have the video type. Hillary says

super readers. They said Trump in it. It's not about Trump

he didn't do that. Okay, but let's get

back to what trying to say was that if you, if he does anything good, no one can accept it. 'cause he's on the wrong team. That's part of the problem with what's going on, it's part of the.

Of people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the left and people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the right is that we get on a team and that the people that are on the left eye, candy

If the economy is going well, they can't admit it things they

bill. Maher said: let's crash economy,



I you know, I don't I don't. I lied. Listen. I've been on the show before, and I talked to him once we did a show together once with us right now. Nobody can lie and say that he's not very talented and, and that he's

first time he's more truthful than most left is. He says I

abortion death in highway he's a comic.

I'm telling you man, the shit that he

saying he's only saying 'cause, he thinks it'll work,

I'm just saying with this, but why would he say with the highest ratings ever gotten an invite me on. I don't know man, you have to talk to

but what I'm saying is when he starts talking like people are saying: oh Bill, Maher's mocking the red states he's doing a bit he's doing a bit.

He thought was funny in that. That's all it is I'll. Give you if you talk to him about his legitimate opinions, he's capable of having a

about legitimate disagree on that point.

Would you say that the red state

we want to be the blue states, the demographic show the opposite. I think. Is this a joke? A really do I do,



I think even means it I mean if he doesn't mean it, I disagree with them by the. Let me let let me have a basis to let me have agreed with you on this. I'm not saying you're wrong, because everything I've learned is great. There's mixtures of everything. Yes,.

Another time I go to the next slide. I forget the last thought, but the point is: is that is that

you we're saying was that he was doing a joke about the red States wishing that they were the blue states, and you were saying that that's wrong and I was saying he's just fucking around he's like

karate, that's it that's it.

Mainstream news is dead, as very low ratings mean, went down almost nothing and they go. Oh ratings are up in the Trump era like a dead cat bounce. It's like ten percent. I want to use

Larry King stuff,

three million viewers. Now the top CNN enjoys a million show we're looking at that. This is the future.

Is of this is that this is where the people are real things, not scripted, no teleprompters, there's telephone for sure this is real, and so they get.

On television



I'm literally having Alzheimer's was appointing. Are we were talking about Jesus Christ? One problem

where's, the problem with no teleprompter, I am literally,

What's in my brain disease like

the truth, is being an accurate, does mean a perfect.

I'm telling you when I really thought I don't wanna fucking around. I know what it is.

No one's watching mainstream news? No one's watching, mainstream news shrimp.

Let me tell what they are watching the big five, the night

Comic shows and comedy central shows. The daily show Trevor Noah

uncle bear all those guys, because they want some relief, but it's not. They want relief.

I used to watch the ratings are down a still understand, as you know, as as as as other stuff, because now that the old, no one's watching news does this on Hannity do really well is in his show what not only Fox, because it seems alternative just like you, but but but but I'm saying as well comes along

particularly as well. This is the truth.

Not like some package thing



learn all of the so called comic shows into fake comics, posing as

news people putting out political commentary

which people take Israel and believe

on the street, and so that's where all the prop

Ganda is, and so you say Bill Mars. Just joking around Bill Maher just over here Bill Maher, does note doing it's all unified message. They have

Kobe for them laid upon here and say that I'm a KKK member and

jokes on. You know what people shouted at me on the street. Well, that's unfortunate, but I will say about

they're trying to do they're not trying to deliver information, they're, not they're, trying to crack jokes again,

t there's a whole writing staff Donovan. Although shipments take the Democrats called that element to right now, I don't know if that's true

but if it is as true and they do listen, that's not good and that's unfortunately, host the man show with Doug Stanhope, know the other guy,

not what wanted to there's,

Jimmy Kimmel and says he gets calls every day from Chuckie Schumer, and

and then they work on what he says



television show type of that's so frustrating might have been fucking around, though no dude, it's talking points man, okay, I believe you, I believe you

here or lost

Jimmy Fallon went from being funny to being totally weaponized

so you think it was NBC's idea. Do you think it was someone in the government that contacts and be says television exile is a very well known, UFC fighter that you know, okay,

do that shows on discovery. History channel, like I said, okay and I got a call about a month ago and they're like wow. This is incredible,

don't say my name, you can talk about it. They were

This new big, lucrative shell, show what they said. You're going to come

announce Alex Jones on the show or

I'm the show, and he said no show help

yeah man, huh good

announce him on the show why they need that from you him.



Yeah, but what what what they need that from him they didn't because heroes and him here's an ounce you on the show, I'm not that that's just keep, but that gives you even more attention. Well, let me explain: that's their dilute,

Well, they want everybody else sensor. Why did Hitler sensor lot of the Russians,

like you think, most of time censorship actually works.

But that's a weird one man, someone saying they're not going to

you a gig. Unless you specifically denounce Alex Jones, it happened. What kind of show is it they're cooking show? No Joe Joe, let me break it down for you, okay, I swear on my kids.

I believe you, I believe you, but I'm saying it just seems so crazy. They would ask him to not to denounce you wanna tell

I'm not saying it's impossible. That's what everybody who's not independent is told because they're behold, other people, you're a rare

I'm on the only people that not hold any other network of people, your you realize that not just tell us some kinship who else has a big mega

popular show,

multimedia that isn't



roll by a parent company, I'm Corolla yeah um, most podcast,

no, no, but see when you look at the numbers at most podcasts threatened by though, but I mean almost all of her back by something in the city. I know for a fact.

You run your own show yep, that's a fact! Look. I've got some notes,

and all I want to say is this. I want to point one one point you had about that. That was really good. You were

and then, if you censor yourself just like, I just sent myself a little bit. So we wanted to make this point. We started the show, but please make it big enchilada. You made it

the start over and it's right, you we were talking,

and we were first of all, we gave each other a big hug. We talked it out.

We're both happy that we're not angry

each other, and then we start talking

when you made a really good point. You said the thing is: if you sense yourself, just one percent, you say I'll, just censor myself,

one percent, that's what they want to make them happy and then they're just going to keep moving it they're just going to keep moving forward



move, the goal posts and providing you with more money and giving you more things but keep moving in a certain direction and if you keep giving into it, they're gonna have a whole deal and they can

control you and that's how network television got started. If you really think about what NED for network television is

reason why they don't swear and they don't have explicit content, isn't because people wouldn't want to see it. The reason is because the the advertisers won't. Let

there's a whole commerce aspect to it. It's not it's not just hey

you're the CSI guys, air, hey exactly and so now, they've organized with sleeping giants and media matters, a couple million p

all that call and threaten and attack. Anybody

and the notice show one.

Were done with me. Now, it's Joe you better, not have this person on. Are you better have that person on? And so what is your soul? What is your destiny worth and

I always thought I was smart. I can analyze politics in history. I was kind of socially retarded and show how big you want to say that anymore,

exactly, but I mean I was and so



What I'm getting at is the biggest liars with our people know the truth. I don't come up with some cold blooded calculation about what I think,

advance my personal life. I really care about people and the process

seen things wrong. I've grown I've heard people. I apologize. Listen, that's true! That's true! What you're just saying about you- and this is one of things that I've always tried to explain to people. If people get mad

at me for knowing him like. I have a great time with that guy. Every time I see him you and I have had a

great time in Austin, we had a great time with the UFC we've hung out at numerous comedy shows that have done in Austin

I've done your films years ago. We've had a lot of fun together and so when, when people get mad at you,

about sandy hook or about anything I just go even when he

even when you were mad at me, I wasn't mad at you. I was like I just got to talk to him. It's one of the

Eddie. Bravo got the two of us to talk again once we talk just be honest with each other,

I'll, be fine, and I want to clear this up, because



when I was going big guns on you just so you know what it's like to be judged. I thought the

never having a show is not an attempt to get back on your. I knew that if I got into the point where you were that upset that I must have made mistakes too, I'm not I'm not

a person that sees things and always points in the other direction. I pointed mice, I'm a fucking ruthless self critic, ruthless. I'm terrible like so I beat my

up about every thousands flood one word on stage and I'll.

So let me someone this tossing and turning. Let me raise this to you

and again self. That's a good thing is he's not gonna, be in our system. Crazy. I got offered at the time like five million dollars with a bit coin. I think it's like thirty, eight million dollars by the time I got there. I refused it and I, and I got told like SH eight years ago I got told by two different people a very well known bridge people. They said a short Charles, like she wants to.



Could you an Alexander Soros's, others or us? You just need to stop attacking moon and and by the way we want you to pump decline, which may I believe,

currencies I believe in the future. We had a private federal reserve. It's all fiat, I'm not judging anybody

I'm just okay, be careful.

And I was so dumb back. I want to say so dumb. I was not in the corrupt mindset. The way the world worked like. I knew how politics work and I knew

science work and I knew how Crypto type government-

CIA stuff worked, but I was like

we're trying to get a deal for myself. I had my own thing right so then I look back in retrospect

where, where that was going on so

when I saw you was my breaking point. Go hey Alex Jones is full of crap

Soros was a victim of the Nazis in the Holocaust. That's not what I said I didn't see you

bull crap, I said he wasn't a nazi. I go to the store

three that I I've watch the interview and I don't know what he



you know guy? I don't know him, I don't know, I've know very little about him, but what I

from the story was that he was saying that when the

Nazis occupied,

he was with his. I believe it was his uncle Father is Godfather.

Took him around as a Christian and pretended he was a Christian. They were stealing from these Jews when they would take their and he

just thought. It was normal because he was thirteen years old, but he was talking about it that he was shielded

why this person, oh, I would be willing to take his explanations. What I'm saying, but but but but but here's the difference even before that happened with you

I got approached by a major Hollywood actor that

associated with, and they said, listen

George Soros told me to tell you that he had been killed

if he didn't do that and that and that

that he did what he had to do right- and I said,

tell George: if somebody

put a gun to my head and said we're going to kill you. If you don't



help round up Joe Rogan's kids and put it in a concentration camp,

hey. Oh yeah, I agree with you. I've got the gun and kill. Did you see

you said it was just taking property. Now they were

it was even actually showing take your property and then you don't go away. I don't know

I mean we know what happened in romanian hungry but Joe, but I mean what he was saying. They have headlines saying: ok,

So you're saying you think that it was more no, no

he did an NPR interview, I'm not try,

trying to go indict. George Soros, okay. Well, here's where I fucked up 'cause. I shouldn't even said anything about it. 'cause I don't know much about it. The real

open to interpretation. I've seen I've seen a couple of childhood reputation when I was sorted into interpretation from me, I'm telling you I don't know anything so well. Let me talking about it was incorrect sure. So when I'm fourteen

back if somebody said we're. Gonna, you're, you're, gonna, help round of your community or we're gonna kill you. I would have tried to kill people that were trying to kill me able.



Don't get it not everybody's like me and I'm not trying to the top of sky around. I think I've proven I'll go up against people. I get your fourteen you're scared and you help the knot.

He was so arrogant about it. He said it on NPR. He started on sixty minutes

and then I learned you're being sued 'cause. You did this. This is why he's financing? Well, I'm not going to

stop saying it because of that I get, he was wasn't,

situation. The problem was, if you play the clip, he says,

best time of my life. It was happy making uh

it was. It was invigorating

to be there with all this evil going on, but I was with my father and I had faith in him

and so we were able to do this and then I and looked at the logs and the records of him he was going.

Over and Frank's man and

their money and ally. Now he got the money is another, I'm not here, and I would just run of a white flag. George Soros

George Soros

over through all these different governments, George Soros trying to crash the pound,



George Soros is, that is the art type of James Bond villains and the fact that his money-

I remember, being a kid when I was

like eight years?

my mom- always had a color tv in the kitchen.

Three, no stop you. Can I stop you?

What are you saying that he's like crashing

economies and when I was

kid watching PBS. Maybe they were lying. Maybe he's great

George Soros- was international currency speculator who, over

through government? You know booty yeah? But that's what I'm saying? What are you saying? Overthrew governments

What do you do? I'd literally? No, not well! Here's a I'll tell you! This is actually the class, for you know anything about your source. Jamie noticed little type, a George Soros, a question about okay, more

in George Soros's view after world war? Two he got high

brought for us. He was

for the CIA Oss before that, in his view from his



I think this has. He admitted he doesn't brag about this. Okay, George Soros is the guy willing to take the money and Debbie it out.

And he's a very bold guy, because she's really smart

kissing his ass hurting. My back is going to want to make my own wall towards what it does have a.

Why did you want to hang your head on the wall I want after, but the point

Doesn't matter, George Soros ran the break up of the Soviet Union. George I've had

Former head of of Chevy got Jamie Guy thing.

George Soros could try to crash the pound, the pound anyways, guys. Okay, I told you they got human pick cap that you people like to

Yeah. Okay, I told you they're keeping babies alive. You saw the governor, said: okay,

George Soros is highest level deep state

he. He is the manager or was the manager. Are you sure things you're saying actually no



But how do you know if you have deep research? He ran the because I'm not the Alex Jones. Ten ago he ran the.

Marshall. We got here,

George Soros break. The Bank of England make little bigger police in Britain

black Wednesday September sixteenth right right to the day. The speculators broke the pound, they didn't actually break it, but they forced the british guy.

To pull it from the European Exchange rate mechanism joining the e r, which was part of the the Europe the the pound, wants Europe scroll up. Please all those to depart from the European CUP.

He's the british pound, blah blah blah, compounding the underlying problems inherent in the pounds, inclusion in the e r M, not not seeing this where's the part where George Soros does this. Well?

that's just what you pulled up, but I'm just I'm just trying to find it. That's all I'm saying spotting

the writing on the wall. Britain upped its interest rates to teens and attract people to the pound, but specula

Is George Soros among them began heavily

shorting the currency the british government gave in with



through its Hea R, the e r M, as it became clear that it was losing

aliens trying to bully its currency artificially, although

is a bitter bitter pill to swallow, the pound came back stronger because the excess

Tristen high inflation Joe Force,

how did you go to an investor to pdf like it's the boss, hello? He there's films about the Soros? Is our rooms Soros, pocketed one billion dollars on the deal and cemented his reputation as the premier

currency speculator in the world. If you're a

see speculator? Isn't that what you do, though? I don't know what a currency

circulated does it? I don't want to get it. Here's the deal

George Soros works for the works for the people that run our government

and he's a guy willing to do it all and he's been very successful. Okay. My point

is two plus two equals four in my in my equation. You don't fight

Nazis, because you're

fourteen, you think you can't you join them and he says he talk to me about the investment I, if I,



have done it. Someone else would have done it. That's a quote. It was happy making

if you help round up Jews and take their property, don't say it was happy make you don't talk about it, so

my point, is him saying you you think the way he describes it even as a problem? It's problematic

herbs you the ways describing that it was happy making that it was not a big deal. If I didn't do it, other people have done it. That's a problem.

When us, I'm I to get off the Soros. Is that if you

at five minutes over their own Jamie's computer. He did a good job. He does a great job, saying it pull stuff up. He's a goddamn, Google wizard look at them. Let little has been beat me a quick to it

frustrated, I would have gone over there. I can pull up Soros. I can pull up BBC

the reports sort

crash is the british pound are trash. Here's

sample, and I'm not indicting you for this.

Someone in my family about ten years ago was digging through stuff for basically garage,

wasn't, wasn't Roger, give it away to charities and



you all these clothes I couldn't wear. Is I didn't hundred hundred pounds anymore and

got into a group of things, and there was a

japanese bayonet. There was a german

officers dagger that I bought for like two hundred dollars. That's worth like two thousand. I still have it wow and

and all the rest of it and there was a british metal in a nazi metal, and this

and in my family 'cause there's like a power thing goes: oh my god, you're a Nazi's

I walk in she's, going to the garage and up the box and not go. I bought this at a gun, show like a decade

yeah. I think a friggin swasta metal thing, though, is if you own. This is the thing if you like see that helmet that you were twelve going yeah that that we show now this one is a joke. It

You get to it. So you've got a german helmet that a french artist dug up with all these mass graves wouldn't phone, and it's got a german band that you're not a freak and not see that's a piece of history. I think that's a! U S soldier, another



german helmet. That's a german helmet, that's a kernel, but it doesn't matter. Free

has banned owning german war. Memorabilia Sonian

the coolest thing ever saw the Smithsonian when I was a kid so proud of us being the Nazis.

I had a german helmet with a bullet hole in

the Smithsonian is not not see. That's what I'm saying: I'm not not see

for having a nazi metal and a bunch of other war paraphernalia I thought was cool.

You're, not a nazi for a nazi bayonet

helmet in a bayonet. What this gentleman's name that makes such as Jane Martin. Can we show it please what is his yeah? We showed it. He also

made me a fucking super dope. Skull he's got a

not cool, ignore artist, the german helmets interested that's. What I was going to say is that you could have a Nazi helmet twenty years. Look about hogans heroes, Hogans Heroes is

sitcom about Nazis, the sitcom about Nazis

and prisoners of war. I mean that was

correctness that I literally had a family member. This was like



eighteen years ago. Go I'm really upset about what I found Shane against the machine right yeah is that is now in the garage and it's like Br

metals, US metals. A couple of that. Of course, I wanted the japanese thing that isn't even had a marine carbine from Vietnam. That's not

This is cool as well

or two yet go to Shane against the machine on Instagram. Now there is so he's not a nazi. That's free

in cool man. I doesn't much of those. He sells, those folks if you want one going to a product plugs plugged into the store good dude. He made me another sculpture too, that I bought from overseas, but you know what I'm saying

not saying: you're a nazi

family think because I had one notch

party member metal yeah.

It will be on the news today. Jones admits he has not see stuff. No, it's free.

An interesting man. It is. This is from a battlefield dug up of dead people can't couldn't

We get more interesting and you take darkness and light



comes out of it. You make evil become good. I mean, if you talk to the artist Scott, I'm doing a huge blood for about how this guy doesn't know. Shit. Look at this guy's stuff. Look at that eagle! Go back to the

a bird with the fucking cylinders with the

is that what it is. First,

the top of his shoulders,

The tablet shows another car cylinder. That's a car cylinder yeah, that's a polish down car,

cylinder and then bayonets for they wanted me to be a product placement because they're trying to shut me down infomercial calm, it's an incredible product, just artist, men he's a great art. I brought this up because I walked in here, and I said God stoked

that is amazing and and you to took

like they dig up that know these battlefields in France and stuff, and then people get this

that's a rotting.

German helmet. Then you put light in and it makes it beautiful and it takes the evil of Hitler and makes it beautiful yeah, not Hitler

takes humanity and makes it beautiful, yeah it's, but but it is interesting that you can't

oh not you could never own a nazi flag or any



but you could watch the school studying here. Is that both my grandfathers not brag about family but remember Tom Landry? My grandfather was

UT. Football won state championships and track all of my mom's dad

he went the Army air Corps with Tom Landry

ever being over there on Sundays. He before he played the Dallas cattle he liked Tom Lehman called they pray for five minutes, both my grandfathers about Jerry Jones and and and and I'm in my you know us

mother mother's father, Mr Hammond. All

most died in a crash landing and another deal. I almost died

almost exist

my family, America fought Hitler,

and then now I'm a Nazi, because I believe in the second amendment

I believe in america- that's not fair! Well, that's not,

What they're saying they're saying, because you had a nazi piece of memorabilia, but it still doesn't make any sense, doesn't make any sense. You look if I saw some cool.

Will not see thing at some place where I could buy it. I might buy it and frame it 'cause, it's just.



Piece of history. Just like I would buy a Gangus Khan Dagger or a helmet. Oh my

Eddie Bravo's here

Christ,

now we earlier were having a great time talking about

and two dimensional beings is this and I also brought a check you out with the sure. Not so

any you know want to make you regret wearing this fucking shirt.

In high school we used to show each other out. That's like a gym, God. Chuck me out

No, no! No! No! No! Please don't! Please don't do it.

No! No! No edit! Don't please don't chuckle unconscious. So now, please great

He can't be. Oh, you know, you think. I'm afraid of this was no. I definitely don't think you're afraid of this, which is why I don't want him to do it. You know not be pussy shut me up. You know what let me tell you a story. First, let me tell you a story for back when I used to

work at the Strip club you're, the one holding

I'm afraid Alex sit down. Please please, please.



We have to work together here. Work together,

have a Sutter choke me out Alex please, please how sweet it was high school. I know you did you told me, you grab each other and you fall down and hit your heads. It only takes like twenty

What were you going to say about Strip Club back when I was

it's a blue belt, nice

two hundred and ninety five, I at a strip club- and there was this-

girl I was dating. You never had any other. She was a bartender. She was seriously four foot ten and she will bartenders and waitresses, always the brazilian Strip clubs. I don't know yet let him I will she was. She was ninety two dot: zero bar ten,

the smallest girl and I showed her how to do a rear naked or she was

tiny, her name is Kimmy and the Strip

the manager. Was your size big, like used to be buffed but fast



yeah, but used to be, but you can't tell you to be a football player type big manager. You know you want those guys that manage strip clubs. You know intimidating, looking big dudes and he had a

corvette and he didn't believe

digits at all, and she said

He said if she choke me out with one of them. Jujitsu moves I'll, give

the keys to my core van so

she had to literally get on a bar, stool and

she was standing on- a bar stool had to go around and she would like that anyway. Just like this

and and then he went out lights out. He dropped like a sack of.

Does he hit his head on the fucking floor

impact the impact

head hitting the floor, woke his ass up, so we the ground and

pops back up



even know what the fuck happened was just sitting there going? Do you know whatever I thought he thanked, but any that's what I'm getting it like? People usually don't hit the ground pop back up. Usually they hit the ground there done and they need an ambulance, but he pop right back up. Is that what happened like bitch?

you need to give her your corvette Papa? It was. Ah, this was a thing I know about this about seventh grade during lunch, so the kids would

help each other out. You put your hands up on their neck kids

don't do this. I'm not teaching like God put onto this week- and I are doing this, but then there's like the cheerleaders wanted to be shown

and they were showing us how to bleed it out screen. Where did you go to school?

where did bill gates go to school? Where did bill looks good he's not bill Hicks bright. Now we already went over this. This guys talk about that. You know the crazy thing is. You can put together a case where you fucking, you believe here wave no, but they just saw bill. Hicks live known, Alex, since just



a few years after buildings going to see all you gotta see, there's old, wait, there's a bunch of old pictures separation because you and I work with somebody that work with him. We work with thousands of people. Suddenly it's like! Oh, we do the same person it's over. All you gotta do is just show those pictures of you like I'm like bill. Hicks is never twenty onyok. You are you all checked. You were like a body built and I should run things that we should get that zone again. You can. I got in this show where I ran six miles every other day and I lifted weights people go

should be bigger to workout three hours. I was addicted and

then I got on radio and tv and like sort of drinking and just stopped. It didn't work out for like ten years,

like one hundred pounds Alex. Let's get you

on something where we actually like put it online and talk about what you're doing. If you can

to something online like that you'll do it. All you have to

do is like set of realistic goal. I usually do forty pull ups and not going to like two hundred and forty.

Like Crossfit type or use your whole body, and everything were yes, amazing you're like doing the warning amazing,



problem was I used to go to all you can eat buffet

that's amazing to Chinese and I don't believe, Mandan Regular and the problems I would literally like order. I don't know, I don't want that. What do you think about

Yes, what you think about a self improvement thing that you do online when you do it online. I need to do

problems. Every time I try to workout the phones ringing and it's like oh shit. Let's listen! You just get up earlier, get up an hour and a half earlier, I'm going to river my torn bicep. Well, once you have surgery for bicep and everything gets fixed, I think once you get your bicep torn you're, probably going to be a little bit out of action,

not all these six months! No, you know what Novitsky had it done. It's fucking amazing I had my bicep done, but to

shoulder to the bicep to the elbow to the no no

you have be choked up we're talking fricking one hundred million years number, one dot zero; no, no! No! No! No! No! No! No,



there's no need to choke. You try to steal me and shit. This is one of those things that I swapped it up and jumped out once we once we made up on the phone. One of the first things you want to do is choke him out in the air

No, you might need to go to the Smn in the pain. When you get choked out you like go somewhere.

Will dream and then come right back like DMT

that said James on point: let's get serious, let's get

Let me just say a few things where he goes down this road. Okay,

What of the rope going down all right? We were just talking about. You know what the road is talking about. George Soros! No! No. We passed that we just talking about,

talking about the Strip Club, the guy choking the girl, the girl truck in the guy out the guy and hitting his head and then what happened after that? Any ideas, Jamie, no one, wants



before that. One of that I remember one time I got choked out. I remember hating babies. I remember it was cool. I don't think I've ever been to completely out for a second, the first time I got choked it was like this seventeen year old Super.

Chick, and I was like thirteen

tied up. She lived down the street. She goes

I got permission, sounds pretty on twelve

I'll, have sex with you. Is it true story, I'll

sex with you. If you, let me put makeup on

everything, show the girl puts the makeup on have sex wither and cheese.

And like a week later, she goes. She goes now, I'm going to choke you up

That relationship went really well until, like thirty year old boyfriend caught me at her place

because your mom was working and trying to kill me in the parking lot. Oh my god,

of sexually you put make up on you a letter full deal,



you listen. Your wise, wise man should know, but you just have like a clown. Always here's some of the things I and we can go forever. Yes, goes.

Not conspiracies, but real world programs developing a breakaway civilization. What is a breakaway civilization? You understand that it's the key to everything, uh

Guys, total surveillance control grid the power despised,

control, human animal hybrids, recover that mass farming of humanoid tissue Trans, human endgame coming multilayered, binary weapon delivery systems. That's when we haven't had what's that. Well,

I'm get into some of that. The pain is five

g, behavioral modifications. We hit that Trojan

delivery system. Cell phones, vaccines, GMO

contested designed to hurt you again. Vaccines are real. You can give somebody something gives him the cure, another disease that yet get but they're jacking it like a cell phone



stuff, your ticket to immortality. What do you think? Let's cover that? What do you think is happening with vaccines? I know

okay. Tell me what's going on, you've always used this because everyone's heard of it

heard about one thousand nine hundred and forty seven to nineteen

eighty three and only came

public, because the program

in Peru and promote

doesn't West Virginia, but the media picked up. It was white on black, not all the white people have to don't black or white, injecting

over a one million people with live syphilis in the,

so vaccines, you know, but to ski. Do you know about that?

but he you only know about Alabama and over forty something years only injecting blacks,

but it happened all the world search engine hill.

Clinton apologizes for apologizes,

most experiments in Tuskegee,

it was it. It was in Peru. Can I ask you this: was the Tuskegee was the arm the convention,



full story that they had syphilis

weren't really curing them? That's a cover

Is that what they say you know if you actually, they were giving.

I understand what you're saying, but was the the the

regional explanation of what happened was that that they knew that?

He had it and they allowed them. That was returned. Overtraining came out. Ok have you heard about here. It is right here us apart,

As for Guatemala S, T d X, yeah, they're, they're, they're, all different one, just type Perla medical hold on get to principle, to make that a little go

scroll up. So read Us

Formant medical researchers intentionally infected hundreds of people in Guatemala, including institution

noise, mental patients with gonorrhea and syphilis

without their knowledge or permission more than

sixty years ago, Jesus Christ.



When you've read, is what I do is Jesus Christ. Look at this. Many of those infected were encouraged to pass.

The infection is as part of the study. Where does this

What is the time here? Kill message, NBC News, imagine finding out you have syphilis, but you've never had sex before. Let me stop. Let me show you imagine how confused you ready for another ultra secret since is forty six to one one thousand, nine hundred and forty six, two sorry

four sixty one thousand nine hundred and forty eight

that's why I watch that's, not okay, it's not two years. Okay, so so so makes me

then imagine what's happened. Okay

we had a real liberal media in this country. They weren't leftists. That's occultic, that's different

we had a real liberal media in this country that had problems, but they really cared.

Reminded like when I said focused on information here is, after I prove Delta force was in Seattle in nineteen. Ninety nine and prove that they also



Alex Jones is right. It's incredible! That's the WTO tape that I always cite the type that will you show the agent Provoca tours, went into a peaceful protest and started smashing windows and I'm not against the army but Delta Force random

there's always go down. The armies. Terrorists, like you said, don't call the whole government group

yeah that they changed it

so imagine used to the press would get a lot of stuff right, but-

they would get demoted or whatever Trump got in which

and I got Trump things good, but I almost think like good

physical. They put him in on it, piss everybody off to get the Libre

super traditionally been the real watch dogs for free speech and it gets human

fermentation, and

certainly there like in Gallup polls, we love war. We love experimentation, we love everything, getting chills right now and so imagine Joe,

I've been on air for twenty three years and I'm a new sound. I spend four five hours. A reading news

I don't believe NBC News that our government gave people notice, I



dead Peru, because that was a big document in case you just found Guatemala.

Track of this the track everywhere. This went on to the everywhere still going on so imagine

Imagine I have, literally by the time sandy hook him.

I've literally seen

ten thousand articles and documents are more where they're admitting

in one thousand nine hundred and sixty two, the joint chiefs of staff under limits or K.

President Kennedy. This is on PBS and said we

blow up buildings, shoot up schools and movie theaters and bomb. Your army bases a marine bases. I'm going to have people with their kids with

Name change that CIA get on a jumbo jet that takes off it gets blown

over the Caribbean. We blame Cuba but

that plane really lands and there's another plane. That's a drone we blow up, and

Kennedy says no, but his brother says no I'll do it while they killed Kennedy.



Does Bobby said he would, but then he got pissed when they killed his brother sold declassified. He wanted to bomb the Han

Aaron an embassy and blow up

about go to war with Moscow. Bobby Bobby was bad

this. Is you pull this up? Pull up Bobby Kennedy?

to bomb the US embassy in Honduras. This is

classified and so imagine use

the hundreds of these

and then a sandy hook happens in your listeners, don't buy it and then it's

psychosis were then well because

every man I knew about. This is apathetically, but it's was great. Every man I knew when I was a kid back handed me and beat the crap out.

So men are bad or a woman's been raped,

which takes all internet. So I get like

this psychosis and I'm not gonna, put myself down like I'm a victim, I'm being honest retrospectively that got to wear when I learned that so much stuff was false. Then

later I experienced where I had the guest, I did

thing I knew it was true, and then



People made up the whole story because they don't believe anything anymore. So that's what I'm trying to say do you think it part of it?

Is that, even though this stuff does exist, it's almost like there's too many things happening for one person to pay attention to all of them and if your own

focus on a shuttle overload. Yes, well, if you're only but hold on. If you're, only focusing on that aspect of life, it can be incredibly overwhelming because you start thinking, that's the whole world, the whole world, these conspiracies because he's

things are concentrating on primarily

Is this what I'm saying that she is

we just talked about operation Northwoods that whole thing that was operation Northwoods there, that is some

ABC that's about it, that's true, clear, great, clear, standout Brooklyn, but if you break it down and you look at it, you look at operation northwoods. You look at that shit that is about as gay

inkster and sinister and evil. You

went over just a little while ago we were going into early before you got. My point is: if you believe that



no other conspiracy theory, whether the right or wrong, like government conspiracy should be ridiculed. You shouldn't there

They should be all right. Thank you, you're right. You should, instead of looking at him with river to cool, you should look at him objectively and the band exactly and the only the only people that have a right to ridicule. Conspiracy theories are people

don't believe in any conspiracy theories. If you don't believe in any of them.

Yes, I understand why you're ridiculing killing people all the time, what some of them

you believe in some of them

the other ones. You don't believe them. I think

should be more.

I don't believe in that shit, but I understand why my defense all know

we probably just running court, I'm looking forward to trial in Texas and in Connecticut

I it on the lawyers already agreed, I'm going to sit there,

gonna show them history and all these things these say like I



watch the already been out for like a year or two, but I watch the minions.

Rear, Bore, and it's like this

sixties and they break on this.

Of Hollywood in the moon, landings being staged,

magazine for their family, but

I believe in western outside

we're going to hit a minute, wait astronauts done, which ones? Oh space, shuttle

we're gonna talk about. No, no, the Johnson the House from the APOLLO one had with one well, not really. Yes, they were practicing a class. Those were to get to this next and I

I respect you, but I want you guys to yell at each other for three minutes. While I go pee, I gotta pee too. Okay, as you don't talk to yourself, just hold will do in ship. Should I go first,

okay, anyways. You know what I'm saying your bad questioning. I get it now. You do

you know why, because you



No, I work this jug for golf course of course, of course, of course Alex

you you are someone that I could talk to about the flat earth conspiracy.

And you believe in so many crazy things about the government. You, don't you,

don't you don't believe in flat, but

you can kind of understand where I'm coming from

right: yeah right issues, GPS, Israel. I know,

pilots that fly from California to uh places like

Traglia and they've got another wing over to Hong Kong and then they go to Monica and you can fly anywhere in the world if it was flat, it was flat as you could go from e to West. Just like you,

a ball, you just don't understand what a like a

you can just go anywhere like if you're

wanna flowers when I'm telling a flatter, but I'm sure you could travel anywhere. Give me



two cities. The point of two cities in which we don't like to so much I get what you got nothing to do with the best, I'm not that right now, but I do have the money, I'm not trying to convince you, I'm not trying to convince you Alex. My point is my: take you gotta find it on your fucking.

There's no way you're going to be convinced. No no one has ever been can was we're going to make a statement they they have to really find it within themselves and and do some

I understand what I'm telling you soul, search. What, if I finance a research ship large ship and make a documentary, I can't go over,

I will pay for.

You three months, I'm not b s ing! You know me,

having money, not a big deal, so we can do cool things with it, one, how much money can you write?



I have to go to the south. Well, we're gonna need we're. Gonna need uh, you guys going to the moon or in orbit right now going through each other. Okay, you raise the money for a trip to raise the money, not the money. Okay, you come on the money Theo, this the deal, Gopi, Gopi Man, you're, gonna, go, say: you're. Sorry, oh plan going whoa,



who is the ambassador for player? He's the ambassador, I gotta say him swear, get astronauts me the guy that Disco Peyman the big ice fields that guy's going to be this is what they were going to Alex out. This will get you when you give me Tom, show me twenty seven, an entire crew during command. You are going to the edge of the flat earth total, but it's not going to be me. I'm going to I'm going to designate somebody. I'm too scared, so we're going to do this. We're going to do this, Joe Rogan! No, no! We're going to do this job to send someone else, you're going to find the edge of the world babies caps. Caps there knocking film the drop off with my Iphone.

Don't be mad, hoping he have

so we're going to send someone else Alex we're going to do you know what we're going to do this to be the one that goes in a minute, I'm right! Now, I'm right now

I came here and I proved there keeping babies alive and taking their. How did you prove that Jamie pulled? They admitted them,



Normalizing it? No, the fuck, the governor.

You really did.

Do you really think

There's people out there campaigning for late term abortions. You think that's it's real!

throated Monday to keep it cool? Who would campaign?



You can fuckinget men, they're, fucking, Kelly, already more kids, so you're telling me it isn't really what I had a fucking vote in the goddamn fucking said it. That's a conspiracy theory right way: fucking top you're about to get their killing. Forty four babies stop fucking lying got fucking dad I'm getting past now, don't get best. No, I saw the video right now. If I was fucking with the Senate voted to kill babies. Let me have your fucking barred playing with course. I believe that Alex, of course, I believe,



adding all over the noon. Anyways just plan ahead. He let me explain to you, won't. Let me explain to you. We went into a long conversation we played. I heard it. I heard it. I heard the whole podcast of years chasing playing with you imagine my psychosis is their reality is so crazy that I always thought I was so tough simply doesn't have to pee anymore. This little bit point is. The point is, is that the point is: is that dude? I'm not

the reality so crazy. Why are we debating whether the earth is flat? Do they're keeping they have human animal hybrids? There's there's a freaking. I have been there when people that work for the

Pentagon say that they? We go the laboratory and we meet with the ambassador. We have to take higher

higher doses is to meet with them they're, giving us technology and the technology works

is going on. Do you want to know this listen, relax



think about space isn't real freaking dimensions, man, the aliens cover that imagine Alex think about what I said I said to do. You think, there's actually people out.

Where did believe other cat there?

campaigning for twenty thousand dollars, central telescopes, where I can look at various issues? Listen to what I said. She's fighting with this fucking with you said: do you think there's actually people out there that are campaigning for late term abortions? Of course there are, but I'm making it seem like. I don't believe they are get out, I'm being the ultimate skeptic, I'm being the ultimate skeptics in anything. He does that all the time he's just

be yours of enemy right there I'm threatened, I'm not Mr Goody, two shoes by them, keeping babies alive and killing him, and that nobody cares. I fundamentally

that's what I'm saying I'm being honest here. Is I'm not like certifiably crazy, but I deal with this



all day long I get what Joe Trust shot away and people go crazy doing. No. Why did I never saw that clip of that guy saying that they would resuscitate the babies and then they would make a decision. I heard about that New York bill that they're trying to have me. Oh, it's like it's like a goddamn city, it's worse than God, they're, giving a bunch of goddamn fucking organ harvesting, doctors, control outside of law. You hurt that piece of shit, fucking, K, K, K, guy fucking governor, say we're. Gonna

people live after their fucking born because they wanna fuck it take their organs. It's incredible he's a k, K K.

That's incredibly cool fun! It's so that I incredible a picture with a guy k, K, K outfit in blackface. They elected him because he's black males they had that shit and when he messed up instead

keep him alive to get their fucking organs. They use that to deactivate it



Do you think fraternities have you screw sheep and all this and you know, give guys blowjobs, that's whatever join them, because they want to come and go back. Go back through that again,

okay,

I'm so happily side do this podcast, so she turned out you're up fucking amazing. It was a good pen who fucking world order,

also do it. Did you got so pissed off, I'm so glad I fucked it through.

Got some to do my wife, how many jre clips they're going to make that shit. Do they're going to they're going to put you to music cheese, pulled up MIT, saying they got animal human pigs yeah we did, we did go, take a leak, I'm with you, this man, you just kind of freaked me out about several



Jax no bullshit. He freaked me out about several subjects. There's people out there campaigning for the record that article says that there was no written data on that that came from three interviews. They had

so this is a human pig one that people were saying that to them.

They tried it. Why wouldn't they try it if you were

If you were the leader of the free world like didn't,

Wasn't there some God damn it was.

The nazis that were they were true

to theorize how to combine humans with animals to make a stronger human.

Wasn't there, some of that they were for sure into that. Was there something like that?

If there's a Youtube link that

that's for sure right like for sure they've they've. Definitely I mean, I think, all governments,

definitely give their soldier steroids, they definitely give them in feta means they get definitely give them camera.



Is to make the crazy should? I would are you kidding, that's where they started to run any fucking army, the, not see nothing oz, rather the kamikazes. That

would I'm up

I'm pretty sure. That's true, read that

one percent on Youtube, yeah, that that was one of the ways

I would get them not just like nationalism and pride for the country. They would do would jack him up on Crystal Meth and that's why they fly that plane right into that fuck

boat boom,

the nutty thing to do man you got to be, you got to be in a weird state

mine and you got to have such a horrible life there. I fuck it let

this crash into this fucking boat right,

the general and they're like happy about that. I can't wait to escape this shit. What insane choice

that's the only pc has is when he's in that plane, killing people what I fucking crazy choice that you're gonna do that, for you Alex welcome back we're talking about



houses, we're saying that we think kamikazes were that was they gave him crystal meth.

It was not a part of the program yeah I mean war, always drugs

and the the the Japanese learned about

in World WAR Ii, they're, actually on our side against Russia going back and forth they.

In the World WAR, one. The Japanese learn about msg could Japanese, like good food,

The military, wouldn't complain. They've just lose weight started death,

so they learned they were fighting the Russians

in world war. One

just go ahead and give machine

does your brain. Everything is super toxic, and so you

mono sodium glutamate like this stuff from chinese food, is that we were saying super freaking, toxic yeah, but we really

but beyond that, yes, they would give them well. The Germans were

on steroids and methamphetamine,

we're just saying that,

but it's not what is it



just mainline history stuff by the way I said, I give you the secrets of Hitler. Their secrets,

but this is not to be yes, this is the real thing. How do you know, though, who's telling you this stuff

you classified, classify today beyond classify daddy,

no, I mean Alex seriously overthink. Ok, 'cause, you have a lot of you. Have a lot of small grand Father was german in Dallas.

Work for a the inventor of indoor air conditioning was a billionaire in.

Area Dallas, where the Republicans all live same in that place.

No, it's not our like. It's that's the thing right there in the middle of Dallas.

So what you think? That's awesome, you think Dallas is like all buildings.

Huge park and, like all these big mansions anyways, he lived up there and it was just for Ma'Am. You know I've as I'm not going to get into the



The point is, is that Hitler was on the cover of time magazine and- and he wants true unless

The photo shop that I saw on the internet I want twice will Trump was on the cover of time magazine two

actually not really. The problem is fairly give you guys that affect he made his own more. Should I or should I just give up,

like a boil down. Here's the thing it wasn't.

My grandfather was these other people.

My grandfather said it was really confusing for him, because

He worked for this guy, that was in refrigeration and air conditioning when he was in

school and his dad on the car dealerships in Dallas and stuff. They live there. The rich area, Dallas

What did they tell you? Well,

one reason he wanted in the by the Time World WAR two started to drop out of beauty, and you know all that again to go, join the

Eric or so you tell me all this stuff. I want to your grand father is a little eccentric. Now, like my grandmother, New Werner

RON when he came down instead of what yeah yeah.

Show. Anyway, you go



Grandpa, New Warner VON Braun, both went to, I came in Yahoo. You with the event

Ok, that's the point. Is I'm getting too well 'cause? They were like German. No wonder you believe in the moon landing. I get it now.

Didn't make sense to say him finish store. My families was what they called high german

and so the hot yeah, that's what that is. Luber mentioned so

only would talk, people that were in the club- oh shit, ok, yeah, so so anyways,

Grand Father, and then it was like an uber mentioned and

no. You hire q, the whole nine yards show he was working with this german guy and he would just go over there.

After school work was apprentice and my grandfather was

will get more and more depressed and more crazy by the end of the 30s and the guy should fight him. He said he said

Climate, my grandmother's name, he said you had the Nazis. Had my

family in Germany, they're going to kill 'em, all



but I'm having to give him everything. I got all my money and I'm having to sell the patents and work like that were like twenty hours a day, giving everything he had because they're going to his family in Nazi Germany, he was german

and so my grandfather wouldn't in the Army AIR Corps defied Hitler because he had that

and he was so mad. I was a kid was like when I was a kid in Dallas

ab. Ap had Hitler. Speeches on 'cause Germans are a big part of the US

and it was the boon that I was supposed to join it and and Hitler was good

and we never really bought into it. And then I found out that this mentor of mine miscalculate build

today had everything he had sucked out of him by the Nazis. So that's what the Nazis would would do was extort.

And control, so I kind of heard about that. Then I'd rather go

so they see me down there like a week during the summer, and I was like eight years old, I'm hearing this he's like mom, ran as the plan for this orbital spacecraft landed and grab the young guard

gravity systems and I'm hearing all the seven like markers the table like talking about it and I'm sitting there

listening to this, and he would talk about yeah



that I was at least sound for you know Texaco

the only place to get chicken fried steak out in Mexico or West Texas was a military base. All these God, damn not Season

You know one time I didn't want to do it, but that guy's smarted off about how they had bore better shoot,

in our planes down, so I went ahead.

Ran his head right through the wall and I never knew what happened

For that side you just gotta, kill Nazis and the son of a bitch. Is our government brought in thousands of those assholes and- and I'm

listen to this, I'm like I'm, going to read about Nazis. It's how about ten. I start buying books

into a bookstore, and I want my cop. They are you a nazi like reading

Hitler's my struggle. No I'm not announcing my both. My grand

Father's, told me how bad Nazis were and both almost died fighting nazis. So I wanted to know about Nazis

It was this whole ethos, and so that's just

whole story of

standing that at my dad's angle,

father's angle of their impression paper clip

they didn't call it paper clip. He said our government brought those he



I think he would always say well, but that's the I think there was several waves there was that thirty.

Thousand of either

a lot of fucking Nazi brought over on Youtube. It says the operation paperclip was anywhere from like one thousand two hundred to fifteen

search the total number of admitted congressional hearings.

Teen 70s, Frank Church Committee in the seventies, released it only the numbers. Thirty

Four thousand two hundred and seven looking up, there's

Like I told you that gay several you pulled it out, but it is fascinating. They,

are those people over here and that's where the the space program came from.

Well, that's why I wore the shirt not as a sick joke.

I already have the CIA that was Lss

The CIA is O S s, that's all on record. Okay, I'm glad you

don't see how it is SS again office of special plans,

that was before the CIA, and then the CIA came up sort of like



the office of strategic services like what was

for the seals with Jesse Ventura was you know the answer honestly materials and that he was at auxiliary the navy. He would never come back,

expand on that.

But the osset the office of now.

Miracles? The OSS was british intelligence, are the most powerful british, most powerful intelligence agency ever they.

Set up bright house at twenty two after World war, two to anglicize the US with british intelligence, not a british intelligence, take over a marriage salt. This is like on PBS this stuff. It's true, though,

same thing: only academics are watching us it'll tell the truth. The general pop culture's all crap meant to be dumped.

How much would turn you off but

go to the real academic stuff on the old days of frontline and stuff, like

watch that it was true later at the documents, all it's all real, like those like really accurately Bobby Kennedy,

I bought. The embassy in Honduras,



I do not see well Warner VON Braun. Isn't it isn't it weird?

one man who directed all six moon missions was a Nazi,

with Brian over one. Isn't that crazy guy smoke weed and one guys having a problem. His memory two guys did

You want to defend wonderful, hey, I'm not defending him. Yeah, that's fine! Not to use- and I know she does read about it. He sketched for Hitler. This plan to drop atomic bombs that they had

developed when you see red skull, Marvel Comic. We've got a big bomb

I love New York, it wasn't a bomber, it was a space plane and it was about half the size but looks just like this and

mons. Actually, some of their signs, one of the Russians, the Russians tried to build their space. Charlotte was half a size that was actually the german plan. So so

you look it up, because the Russians took a lot of Germans as well correct about one slash of the the so look



The reason I'm wearing this is explained. This is a gateway all of it. So you have

intelligence

one World war war. You know Germany,

way. More advanced technology

then take over british Intel.

Just basically merges with the US,

the Germans and others say: we've got to go way ahead in technology. Was

in labs, but they could match deploy. They didn't have enough machine shops and systems to build it, and you

special forces, went on suicide missions and blew up the underground mountain. How about the Nazis were the first to bill?

flying saucer, all it. That's crazy

not a Quinto british intelligence, british in

Paula Jones.

Flying saucers,

forty seven

So now the Nazis are over. Here they go. Listen, you don't want them running everything and they go to Eisenhower and they say we want to launch a off babe.



Breakaway civilization, where you compartmentalize things forget empires,

You have a new ruling class of technological elites and then

The elites are all in charge, the public's watching tv and will give him widgets, and

nation series type things to viruses. All the documents and

under an empire will build a whole new empire, and so I

power gives a speech worry about it.

The military accomplish. He says the technological elite watch, the full.

One minute speeches farewell address is sixty two. He says

six hundred and sixty one, he said

You need to

watch out about the scientists because, because he

made note the national plan when he found,

but it wash what is it

away civilization where

try to run the whole planet

off resources and build a whole new advanced system, and then you player

off against each other and collapse it. So when I say what is a, if we could take NASA back over

it's bigger than the CIA. It's the real government, the space



steps in the stuff. That's all pr NASA is the real government NASA

breakaway governments to shadow governments

in the documents, and so you had one that was british run

and the Germans came to our own US elites and said hey. You always need a couple plants

they said, we've got all this on the drawing board, the EU a plan to poison the food

order to get rid of the dumb people, a plan for off world bases. We've got

by the way we're taking hardcore drugs or in contact with aliens. How was thinking that it was the Germans first got in touch how they do it:



never really Russia, a cold branch really easily called on all the any everyone which is around him at all times. You know human sacrifice, I don't know, there's a lot of the thrill society. What I am telling you Joe, this is not me, you go the real, deep phd level history, books. Okay, NASA is the german breakaway government, just always the Germans, the branch

for dominance. Okay, so what you're saying is when operation paperclip acquired all those nazi scientists, they essentially started running NASA, so NASA became.

Turn an offshoot of the german government. This offshoot government yeah the Germans had

all the wealth away. They had everything.

They made example really makes sense, though, that in twenty nineteen that's still going on. No, no, no, no, the british intelligence

On the c I a today the british empire

it was under attack and just bankrupted itself in world war. One, it said will give you the keys of the kingdom



Are they in the shed for the English speaking peoples? He was half american and this is officially in books. We merge with the british empire in like one thousand nine hundred and thirty two.

Okay, that's what the CFR is. Is british intelligence in US intelligence, so the

runs the show okay, so you've got you've, got german intelligence,

You don't need to do all this. We haven't given the real technology, we're in contact with aliens and then tell

where you getting this from you stating so confidently. It's in the literature man, Hitler like would go

mainline historical books about mainstream SS castles where they go. The aliens want blood, so they kill like twenty kids and everything that the aliens like coming in taking the bloody brings him in like sharks, and then they

What does technology they go? This is how it works. You build the atomic weapons this way he built that they would like



Some bombers like the aliens are like telepathic. I don't even believe this is with an ugly

and aliens with mind meld and given the technology they're bad aliens. So they are. You surprised the Nazis were influenced by demons.

No, if demons real, definitely think they'd be on the side of the Nazis.

What I'm telling you is they'll, be no immediate! No media is going to attack this.

I'm giving you to know where I can read it, where can I read that those statements?

contact with the I will always your pockets of real society. V, r l, if you let me, pull up a chair because it really means that they don't like right up there with the like doing average over three hours. If I,

with the report,

I'll, send it all to you with mainline books, also mail mill, the books with the tabs in ok and I'll mail documents. Okay, cool yeah,.



I'll listen. I think that they were absolutely obsessed with the occult that's been pretty well documented, made flying saucer, yes, and I think yeah and I think many many governments they developed a more advanced form of nuclear fuel. Heavy water

and we had to sit in special forces on suicide missions. Back was really special forces to blow it up

and I'm telling you- the germans- had all sorts

event. They just couldn't ever keep the plants from getting blown up because they were a few years behind yeah and by and by the way church

wrote about this in his memoirs and said the Germans were way ahead. It wasn't. The Germans were bad. That is not your bad, but it wasn't that it wasn't the

germans that first bomb civilian targets in nineteen

forty one, the

we're losing the war. Hitler was bombed

for medical facilities, military facilities and, and so they went and bombed german

towns and german cities like



the famous german city, Dresden, what was

safe city for kids? Half a million people died in one night to trick

to turn his bombers on the general population. They

psychologically. Do it, but but but but Churchill this is been classified, it's it's an esoteric.

It should made it so Hitler was set up. Well, it was bad, but here's what happened. Albert Speer was his chief. Our motion, architects, minister and british double agent. Rudolf Hess was the deputy for

They got Hitler totally love, but you never hear about him since one thousand nine hundred and forty one 'cause, they had a peace treaty with Edward. The eighth, who was the king of

one who was a nazi and it was german first family, german and they had a deal

to stage the attack. The French stood down, Vichy French didn't fight, they put they put nazi occupiers in the the Dunkirk operation was allowed to evacuate and Edward the eighth,



then super peace through Peace Chamberlain, but it's

come out that it was all set up by Churchill and others. Not they ran Hitler, not they weren't bad they're, pretty good, but they match

manipulated him and

never Chamberlain, all of them and bet on the british people in America to come in. They had deals with with.

To then bring us into the war, and that was the whole master plan,

go to the history and see all

that's. What's so incredible Joe when you, when you you

have all this info, and so rude

has in nineteen forty one four

two, he flies a one man by

he was a world war. One fighter ace like the number three eight or not aircraft. Look it up. Rudolph s

he flies in parachutes into the

castle, the king was in at the time in like Northern,

whatever the name of it. He

two hundred with the peace treaty signed by the king of England,



lock him up in the tower for the rest of his life in London and ever the eight had to advocate type in

Hitler and you'll see him in videos, films and photos,

was in Spain, world war, two started: where do you think the contact with the aliens came from where, when did that start?

This is the most important they were not aliens learn hold on interdimensional aliens.

Alien means anything out of this world. What, when was when did that happen? That ice gets that mother vodka loose? No,

it's fake. I need to hear about aliens

yeah and we still crazy batch. You know it's crazy about aliens. Is it Utah

who made a big announcement that they're going to go after a nine hundred and eleven videos. Anything up. I don't know this is true. I don't know, but



Is it true that there demonetizing any videos that have truth or liberty? In am yes? That's true? Yes, but I don't know if that's true, but I heard that well, that sounds crazy. Interesting offer discussions building. Let me finish. Let me finish real, quick,

it's crazy how they're going after nine and eleven miracle cures? Father fuck, but there blowing up alien video

their power life is wonderful, strongest, monetized, videos out there. I don't know, but it's true the stronger. It is well there's a lot of

is out there looking the best deals in the best way that the top top of the line,

exposed I'll tell you when it is right. I actually know the numbers to blow it up.

Only in video there's a little kid who makes twenty two million dollars a year reviewing toys? No! No! That's like the number one hit.

One of the number one guys on Youtube? It's like eight, I'm saying



alien videos get monetize Irvine high level. You know wind bouncers, the high level, because I was right there. Okay, they're, not they're, not offensive people get drawn into with every one of them is currently set up. Why did they

shut my shit down, 'cause they're, talking about that the government is lying and covering honey. 'cause. It's funny

But it's terribly right: how did the connection with alien start? You said this is the most important thing we discussed on the podcast and Eddie. I love you to death and you're awesome. That's why I,

she'll be here. If you want to believe in aliens I'm cool with that, I still love you. I don't care, I don't care about that. Listen! This is not what I believe. I love you for who you

I'm trying to tell you something, listen man! Let me tell you something: let me take some okay, I'm not making this stuff up.

I believe you believe it. No.

If I told you earlier about my dad the table being offered. Half a million dollar

one thousand nine hundred and eighty chevy that build cyborgs in Merrillville? He wasn't here. For that part, he came in late



tell me how the connection with aliens got started with

connection aliens did not trees. When people started becoming obsessed with contact with the aliens, he was saying, the nineteen forty seven

some sort of a connection. You know right. They

youtube in mainstream media, like they always thought it was safe. I talk to

but Federal reserve the new world order. I want some big show as long as they make the aliens in with it and he was never the alien guy right.

The big alien. Never you! You know what that's right

I remember when I was balls deep in aliens 'cause. I believed all that shit. I believe it used to be that you

conspiracy, theorists if you believe in aliens but not anymore. Now, if you believe in alienating this Israel's person, okay, but let let's tell me how the connection between aliens and the took place, wonder all the start. Let me let me begin. This is really a



without telling you this is a real deal. I believe you, this is you ask? Who are they? It's people

who are psychically genetically available

interface in this incredibly diverse

universe. With

all these dimensions above and below and all around us with consciousness is,

and the truth is no energies ever destroyed. It all continues on. The truth is our bodies is a fact or

hive organism

all of our ancestors and all of their race memories, but not,

and just some compressed epigenetic sis,

it's beyond that. It's an electrode

chemical antenna, they've proven this.

It connects to higher and lower dimensions. Show

body shoot, because our

our predecessors would put us in position without giving

there's a body should get his them. Our families are loving us, they're, holding us there wrapped all.

What is their strength or will their bad they're good their sins, the good things they did, the



They won the battles, they lost the woman, they love the man, they love, it's all

in us all. These people were able to look into so many things and have so many different experiences

And so all the shaman, all the ancient religions. Everybody says there are the good ones and there are the bad ones, and people are interfacing, so you say: where does it begin from the Tibetans

to the measure Americans to the Egyptians to the druids to every

society describes the same thing. There are bad

things that look like elves that have horns when they show you who they really are, and there are good things, but they don't

contact you unless you contact them and then they they're almost not even

what you're doing I never bought into this look

never going to think about what I hear when I was a kid? What did I see what was coming out government documents, what was being admitted when I read all

books about world war, two of the Nazis and Hitler obsessed,

the Dalai Lama and the Tibetans, and what they were able

without drugs to interface. With this and



all the rituals they would do and how they were believed that beyond the ether I get skull and bones is a german death cold. They do rituals ritual, take drugs to talk

the goddess is well they're just appear

sexy, beautiful women. It's whatever you want is the Spirit guy

because lower entities will come in

and violate your free will, God and his

angel which below him will not get in

solved in your everyday life. They will not

your free will, unless you ask them in, but the devil masquerade.

The light so we're on this planet, the third dimension, which is a launchpad all the other dimensions below and above

The third dimension, all that mathematics shows is. Is the primal

she of, where all the

tablets the earth like an egg and we've got all the

potentiality.

And God will sit out a transmission for a larger plan, but evil is willing to come in and what does it say to moralize? Get rid of shoulder, don't have kids. Humans are bad. You will be

be better once you're all gone, and it's because



operational mission for whatever reason that will understand later. What's going on so the Nazis, we get the deep literature, they believed

they were basically say on sing and being possessed by entities that I mean it was before the

ounces, for whatever reason was the Germans that this happened to and the like? They didn't discover LSD in the thirties

these. These people were running the psychology departments, they were interface

and with the occult they were involved in uh

all this crazy stuff- and it was all about

their power and how great they were going to be in the Germans were seduced and they were subdued.

Because they had high iqs, but more than that, they were psychically connected to each other and would work like robe

this Chinese and the EU want robots, replaces will follow, orders

the Chinese, are very calm

from the conscious, also very robotic, but the germ

their gestures robotics. So this entity system pick Germans

this attempt, even in world war, one world war two and it was amazing,

which, as well and offering



technologies, but two different paths. One was so

dual control and also their stuff with

the other, was high tech, weapons

systems interdimensional with the Germans, and so

these players are

until it was very dangerous. They're, manipulating the british arm,

the german arm and,

the chinese arm. That's almost

like you, robot at the robot army and and so when you study at the

published, go to these events and they take bigger and

doses of drugs that do Electro shot

owners of time, life books didn't work just in the twenties and thirties and lsd and other hallucinogens an apothecary. They were getting electroshock. They were

They were having people turn their heart off. To like try to communicate with these things too,

how to be dominant and get that. So you go back thousands of years,

Merlin in the archetypal or or or

magicians or these. These wizards are taking

drugs in these temples and interfacing. With these



hum tears. His crystal balls, which aren't really crystal ball

it's their psychic focus of internet

connection, while they're on drugs looking into glass to then be

able to see the future

and what's happening to give them to

little power over this planet. But, like the Bible, tells you

Pharmakis or any of that always leads to destruction. 'cause only evil is going to come through that way. So

we basically have these light, sockets

jack into the higher. Let's start free will, and that takes time we in to the evil.

So you can jack into evil. You can't jack into good right away, so it

quicker. It's easier like Yoda says about Darth Vader,

liquor easier, more seductive and so

I remember being a and and parents parents really

about this. Whatever they even know, they were here at the time, but they

add friends that they knew it Uti that were involved in and then and then they were not,

I about research projects in San Francisco

duty has some MIT has a lot anytime. You want but



This was in like the sixties. They had

virtual reality gloves where you'd put him on and put goggles on, and you go into stuff that look like the holodeck from STAR Trek twenty years, forty

tested and they were doing surgeries and all this, and they would do

empathy loads where they say we need the public.

Because we're so weak, because the west is so strong people have

that promise say, sold him low level over to create trauma like when you go to Mars, you're, not getting any gravity, so your heart still go when you get there. Organizing all this

Don't tell you know it's a special class you've been so in the sixty.

He's they had love.



Special class of people that are organizing all this shit is the highest scores, but is it for what purple you don't know financial gain social Jack Parsons was his jet propulsion laboratory, Alastair Crowley, Devil, worship exactly okay. So what so, you're saying that alley over one hundred years ago in those three aliens give the plant the founder of J Pierrot Jack Parsons. Have you heard this before? No, I just can't believe I didn't wanna have Alex on the party, but did you? Let me finish this. Just let me say take over, but I'm not bullshitting you

I'm telling you this stuff.

Don't believe in this. Ok there. It is right there

Sadly, no exactly so crazy.

After days of people, not just family



Winn, vibration, aromas, stereo, sound color, motion, wide vision and 3d, three dimensional, but let me tell you they wore

that was already like you see, like paper thin tv screens, and it was already.

I list so there's no way this was human technology, so you've seen these foldable phones, yeah yeah. I think the aliens have already too

over Samsung Samsung walk Huawei,

their ship

show show. So if you think the aliens are taking over SAM Sung, they have a some some to do a SAM Sung. Well, obviously, that's what I'm telling you is that the pen

John isn't worried about Jamie. This is the patent. Wow know

that's the week of the sixties. I believe one thousand nine hundred and fifty seven so notice. That's exactly what you're what

I told me, that's what are htc. Vive looks like that. We have in the foot today she got this big. My dad

tell me this.

We saw in game and he said no son. We



virtual reality goggles and we

Sheedy the and we had things and then something else happened and

I'm not at liberty to get into it, but I was shown three years ago what the university

Washington was doing under bill gates, and this is in the nineties. What were they doing? What do you think? They don't even know what they're being given its intervening us so

You think it's some sort of alien intervention type shit. They they they to get even deeper. They turn your heart off for five minutes and they pump oxygen in your blood.

And you're in the meetings I've talked to people that top scientist and

you're in the meetings with frickin aliens. Elvis is the main group, but there

by shutting your heart off. It makes you have that psychedelic experience by keeping blood in your oxygen.

It keeps you alive. Well, let's explain: okay, the heart goes out. The body thinks it's debt



so you can stay in longer. I don't know all the science behind it. I understand, but let's see

minus. Let me T or Iowa

two hundred times like most are astronauts of test are flying planes, those robots. Now it's all Mine WAR,

so these dudes are like it stops working once you've taken hundreds of times

so then they start taking their most psychic people who are

able to do this. They turn their heart off.

They put him into these these events and- and it's like the things

feelings tell him they come out. They tell scientist and it works show like we're. Gonna share. They didn't. Let me tell you killed for this stuff Joe. This is not the only thing that woman off here

this when I finally figured this out because I never touch aliens, I kind of knew the whole thing already,

when I was a kid weight: nine. Whatever it was this lady, this lady would come over that my parents and

beauty and was involved. She talk about yeah, we call the

Delic Research Institute of the name was

that's really a CIA deal, and you know we just can't



will it handle it. They're going in the else want this

and the elf want us to basically reduce population and agree with

certain plans and it's all of the humanization, and they call me Elsa, Clockwork House and they're like yeah

and I'm listen. My parents are like seven years old, like they don't think you're

and talking about. Well,

of the elves want. This is what they're going to do and the thing is it's not

that special. You know

much of San Francisco.

There is dude, it's a cult man. You know

these guys. You know from San Francisco, you look at look at the head of Google or Youtube or Freaking apple he's on.

V TIM Cook in his eyes. Are this big under lights? Man

you guys are on stuff that, like nobody even knows what do you think they're on stuff they've been given, I mean

people at UT. They won't tell me specific

They, like the doodle, owns Youtube who's. That guy, what's his name



girl you sexes, pay. No, no nobody likes them. It's anything on that company whose is or take take take puts all right. Do, there's not like a Jack Dorsey of you to take take take take some arbitrary. He goes

in two hours, I'm there he's the ceo of you,

who is the ceo of Google, Google. Sorry

he's literally on tv going. We never

fix the result we

it's found anybody.

There is no surveillance,

You've got all these old white men and I'm not saying white man to be

it's all a bunch old, dumb ass white man and a couple of dumb asshole mexican and black ladies they're all done because they are going

so you don't

control controlling. Meanwhile,

prospectus to their shareholders, how they control it all now they're going to deliver maximum profit, and

like yes, it is true. We have

control the search result and it's just

I'm just listening to paralyze. Meanwhile, this



only the front guy of Eric Schmidt and God knows what they're into their

has hasn't been proven that Google does something to to alter search results. I'm asking cause, I don't know not asking to fuck with

yeah yeah. I don't know what did they do? Google itself is about. If you pay them, they put results the top just like Facebook. Okay! Well that

definitely altering search results. So what he said was not true. If they,

if you can pay. It's like saying watering Wet Joe

I know you know all this stuff. No, no! No! I don't know that. I don't know that now. Listen

honest about what I don't know.

I know some things, but I there's a lot of fun

holes in my knowledge base. That's a fact! Well, you know that they try to block my name and directed toward negative stuff.

I'm sure they do. If only manipulate all they do. Is



All they do is the negative. You attack me. It's it's digital currency. You go to the top and they pay you money right.

So your body a little tip watching?

Let me lie about go to the to the top, but you lose. Your soul

want to burn this out, there's important stuff to cover aliens. So this is a good podcast

Okay recently, what was known jobs on the morning as my flight look at this right here

What is the endgame?

here's example. Earlier we already talked

about human animal hybrids, mass farming of humanoid tissue Transhuman in game

and we talked about aliens and you looked it up and it's all right

yeah. As for the aliens,

Creating a human animal remember is an alien like grays and stuff like that.

Grazer like like a robot yeah. I think it's I've heard that theory that it's not a real there's, no doubt in the same problem. The idea



is that a certain point time you can interface with that robot so that you could see it in real time through its eyes, even grave.

You really don't know what I'm saying. If, if

one day in richer biological androids hold on a second one day in the future. They

figure out a way to take a thing that looks like a human, avatar, yeah and

transported through a spaceship on to another planet, and you

look through its size because you're somehow another connected to the same with the content. That's still no, no you're all being prepared. Okay, yeah! Well, your bow hunting in your at all yeah. You saw the nineteen fifties diagram of the VR goggles we've got such a famous photo of a you. Don't

even any alien city, I don't believe they come,

come up there and pull up minder interdimensional. I think, from the same place where I think we're in this vast plain and there's a lot of shows employer. They got us in

closed in this little thing. Any



you will learn. Here's the thing you learn what the plan is by the attack. They don't want us having kids,

they wanted to moralized. They want to break this down,

they don't want to think we expand and they don't want us to believe

their space and I'm not trying to attack you, but they don't want

dimensional resource expansion. I don't even know that

what they don't want us third dimensional resources

yeah. What does that mean?

you know, if I want he's, not look. That's a nineteen fifties. Diagram no way saw that I'm glad he found the patent yeah. My dad told me yeah

virtual reality, and then I talked to this scientist

somebody else and then I found out other stuff.

Let's just say this, I'm not in the CIA me. Neither

I'm not the NSA me. Neither but they've been tracking me. My whole life.



Think they give you this information, sometimes you're. Absolutely for sure it was the CIA. It was the former deputy wrecker. Basically, the CIA section chief found founder of Delta force, who got

me to like two weeks ago, Alex you're not saying sandy hook stage, you go say: Sanders took stage because all we have the people were there and just because he was famous m. I t scientists and stuff. I went with that.

So you think already had computers, probably I'm speculating

King way out to set me. I mean I don't know, I'm sure this people setting everybody up if you think

I told you about this- I don't know, if told you about told people to listen to podcast, but this woman Renee to rest and she had a podcast with SAM Harris with they went into detail about the

operation that people would use to troll face

pages and Instagram pages and create these where the Russians

These troll bots and these meme pages for the hundredth



The Russians are all doing it. Everyone's doing everyone's doing the idea that just Russians are everyone's doing, but the thing that

fascinating was she was saying,

They organized a Muslim, a van across the street from a pro a van yeah want they want explosion. They would have black lives matter next to blue lives matter. They said everybody up with everybody. Blue lives matter is a lot of spam. Morrison

film school here in California trained on of the CIA. What was he trying to trade on? Can I can? I know that when I get less as said this before, and I've said

it's don't in the podcasts only keep to be. I'm not going to go to be again, but

windows, ten turn. Let me go first. Let me go first because me and Jamie all we got is the Cleveland. Browns will go off about Fucking Baker Mayfield for like ten minutes. Let me just say this job: they got that new guy from Kansas City and the only

play. They get. What I'm actually saying it



Infowars dot com and newswars horse dot com. You have to be. We had twenty six million subscribers between my three shows

on Itunes. All they were doing was looking at my feet. They delisted that and it killed us

and I was I was like, oh god, I hope I don't care about the lead off Youtube or Facebook dot. Don't figure out the I tunes. Don't don't do it wow that was like devastating.

Because people are like a isa, listen to, they don't need more, but I want to be

She clear you have to go to infowars dot com, you have to news to Newsworks

if you want to actually what I have to say in fact,

I'll tell you guys play I'm not mad a play, but

heard me say that Jimmy Chevelle would go, have sex.

With dead kids and also cut out their Sze. That has a drain a

and and eat it, and I know

sounds completely insane. He was a famous child molester. It's admitted

so Joe's like oh that's, crap, that's crazy! Alice is going schizophrenic. Well yeah.



I probably going crazy looking at all this and I should carry multiple dogs go crazy, but the adrenal

something saying Israel, so he go to exactly

This is a three minute video that I really think people should see it. Doesn't

anybody doesn't name names it?

do any of that stuff. But if you go

Infowars dot com was what's a Corina, a chrome man.

It's just you've heard about all these rich startup companies that like well, the parents.

The kid has are right away that ten year olds and blows blood

there are people taking kids blood right,

seems like teen. Blood is works well for people in there elderly years.

Is this true.

That's what I'm saying vampirism doesn't mean. Vampires are real. It means that attitude I don't know



I a three minute video on video on did reporters did a crow.

You said to me right

Can you tell him? The name is on your phone. You got it. Okay

This is only three minutes and I don't name it it's and I'm telling you this is real play. It will give here's the thing. Stop was stop stop right here. You too just released a bunch of total new guidelines. Were you planning?

the content you get a strike against you, you pulled for ninety days. You can't stream, you can't do shit yeah now there saying you can have comments that are bad, so now you're guilty for what your neighbor does. Well, not just making. Are you talking to you? Well, I don't know who the fuck is going to do it to who, but after this podcast I think that's gonna check this is our own content is totally fair. Use is not

Youtube is really a d monetizing, any videos that have truth and here's. What I liberty is that it's not everybody getting paid on Twitter. That doesn't mean we all advertise on. This is a radio shows, and our tv shows this big diversified media worldwide,



said: hey here's where you can get your material, it's a great system. So for ten years we built it up. So that the web was now

percent decentralized. Now it's ninety percent centralized and so once the big

that goddess us all centralized they

oh yeah, just like

castle's will take your bank account away. If you don't support us boom

all gone. So now we have

fight back against that there's something to that. You know

there's something to this idea that one John

corporation can decide,

based on their own personal ideology, what gets put on and what doesn't get put on, because Joe

control freaks everybody so glad you're in the fight. Now. Thank you is there

is there? What does that mean? Most Japanese

is a little bit. It's mark, it's totally legal. It just talks about Google searches for a drain across no, I

authorize you to hear my video okay, the only issue I just write the beginning. I see it has a part of a fair and low.



LAS Vegas odds of the dentist, the dentist okay, none of these jobs. Let's tell people the link, so they can

go to it themselves, show it, but this is. This is essentially about people they're putting old people is it people are putting,

young people's blood into old people's bodies. Is that what it is? It's that you were, and I know what your questions- you're, not a psychotic, Damon Damon person. Thank you.

And like I believe that Alex says some BBC broadcaster would go, have sex with dead kids bodies in the morgue Anita branch. That someone who said

I said I didn't believe bill. Maher was a pedophile. That's all I said

I said that his thing his, I don't think so. Your chair, buddy, I know, says he likes women, which is fine. I think you like swim.

You know what we're talking about him earlier and I could say this from the perspective of a stand up comedian. We say a lot of shit that we don't entirely mean because we think it's funny.

And I do it all the time. That's why Eddie

That's you earlier. You really think that someone's going to they're going



legislate to harvest babies he's doing that to

No, no there's any problem, that's his style of comedy but, like he said, he's been doing that style comedy since I met him like he loves to do that. He loves to pretend and fuck with you and then

you you is like a joking games, you're nursing that drink, let's go okay!

Can I have one of them whiskeys over there yeah we got do better Bravo's about to turn loose, not just a little

get your busy, but last time you too, shall we get states after this or yes do it? Do it.

You want Xevion it. Could you

Imagine if we announced we're going to say that's a joke. I understand

hey but Joe. Let me get temperature all the time and everything everything appreciate.

This is really something really really glad. We did this shopping right, no, no! Stop

I want to say this would be clear. Um



I have literally been trying to find out. What's going on

and as you get older, you figure out more stuff,

not the one saying, there's all these aliens, the entire!

government government, all of these advanced groups that

they've, given up on space, is all

interdimensional! So I didn't finish up about. I want to get any tech, then I'll get into your tank. Okay is that I've got pretty good

standing by interviewing a bunch of people involved about what the master plan

is an exactly who we're dealing with, because it's not just

aliens what what's the different groups and what are you basing this on

what, when you say it you're saying like really like you're, really sure what do you base this on?

about general stubblebine right now? Don't

He was a major general general,

who is the head of all class clandestine operations for US government for like fifteen years,



and he said on my shell before he died at like ninety, eight or whatever, but also in private discussions, and this is

like six seven years ago now was everything like fifteen years ago.

Is the guy that ran the whole show.

You know: men. It goes yes, that's a joke about that. It kind of white washes it all, but they broke through.

Contact and they had volunteers, really serious people who who were taking huge doses of drugs. Do this?

Then our NASA was doing it and that's what I got to the point of

Well. Why should we try to go to other places? The third dimension is just as empty wasteland above it and below. It is all this incredibly complex stuff, but our brains tune all of it out, but we can't handle it.

Okay, that's why I like young people before they hit puberty are known to be psychic, because wherever we

they're able to see through the veil and all religions are based about seeing of the veil. Well, that's what intense meditation does for you right, whole tropic, breathing, a lot of that kundalini stuff



you're doing is allowing your brain to relax its boundaries and interface with all the other dimensions that are around us all the time exactly, but you usually can only get through psychedelic drugs, but dark forces dark form. Generally

Are the ones that are willing?

forces, are not willing to get involved in free will. So you think that they are ach

full entities that are in these dimensions that you're in contact. Okay, there are have

Possibly this personally like it's at a minute there are

There are hundreds.

And their discovery new ones all the time of parasites back

create worms that control life forms. They want

you ever the zombie ants or

zombie wasp, which will watch what the boss yeah

yeah, there's so many of them they keep finding ways,

particularly the insect world, which is really interesting. So the low

level



able to infect you with something that controls your brain down to exact activities. Yeah exact activities have you purse.

He had any experience with interdimensional beings. Well,

because it's all taboo and people. Let me tell you, I have

I have one hundred percent communicated with something. The question is

that something was actually in my imagination or in my mind, or that

something was something that takes place in another dimension. I don't know, I can't be sure

there's no way to put it on a scale there's no way they threw it running through a test. But what I do know is that it's the same experience I can okay sure

Eric Muller, who you know, Mechell Muller Beak,

as he's the one guy willing to. Let me tell a story. I've literally talk to. I see a hundred people from it's. It's probably more than that, because I'm not about this for a long time. He,



Christian, but he heard about all this, so he went down to a couple places in Central South America. Did it twice both times was thirty to forty people in the group and he's like well Alex

I just don't believe in demons, but I did see basically aliens come to the edge of the forest and we were all seeing it come on we're all saying the same thing, but I think it was a chemical reaction. You don't have a key if you

everybody gets drunk. We all think about what happened was in high school or college, or what's good and what's bad, we all have different experiences

when you're taking a hallucinogen

and suddenly you're all seeing the same thing. It just means it clicked off. The part of your brain is a film,

search, go crazy, yeah, there's a lot of

will just see more and then they see every

it doesn't mean they're right. It just means that the filter is off,

who said, give her run your hand over an insect that can't see they have no idea you're there. They, like certain in

fix it, just don't see anything whether it's a centipede or whatever, and how? How do we know what they see, what we don't



you're right. We we by dissecting dead ones. We have an understanding what sensors they possess and we can. We think of the a b e or a fly sees like in a bunch of little like after I told the guy on the right track alone. We know that they have a lot of different yeah. We don't know what the exact spirits was. I I told the holes stores yeah got computer sucked up the damn bugs that got everything,

love bugs the differences. Let me tell ya: yeah they've got rope

five years ago. They had

control trash with microchips they send.

Five hundred yards to bombed out building with a camera on their top? They had thirty years into dolphins too. Right in this trap. They've got approach is often said: Mainline scientific, american roaches with a chip on their head that run around the diff,

This is. The reason is dangerous.

Is that once you open that gate, it's all bad? They has it all bad. Why? Why can't you experience that

dimensional being

and learn something from it and be a better person,



because for whatever reason at first, it's all

beautiful and so you're an aztec base cat napping, all the

tribes and killing, who

the tallest of the smartest every time

gets control. It

but murdering everybody and always

it's beautiful. It always starts great, so you're talking about ancient civilizations, with a ritualized psychedelic drugs and they wind up killing everybody like every dish in every cash. The priest say we have to pro. Babies are the fires. We have to cut their hearts out. We have to

fight in general, true or false. Supposedly, the mushrooms were used by the Aztecs so that they wouldn't resist.

That get 'em all high on mushrooms. It was beyond that. We had cut their hair in a cocktail, they don't.

Dozens of elusiveness and toxins that would give him an enema, true or false though they did

used mushrooms just to keep him sedated,

makes it makes sense if you get they killed, pull this up. I think the Temple



I forget how you said it t o con teal con, but in this one temple I

think they killed some insane amount of people after it was constructed after the kids, Russia, tens of thousands,

They sacrificed tens of thousands of people that the ones that were actually working to build the Temple

blue tailed everybody I've been down. There was like in real real university heads who I want hear

These are the Mayans and they said yeah,

no we're open higher, dimensional gate. The gods want blood and they didn't take it internally. The mouth they would take in Imus of dozens of hallucinations and alcohol

and so the priest would take a couple of drugs and then the priest,

communicate with the aliens.

And the aliens wanted blood, and they also said it was more like we're shopping hearts out. Yes, sir, ok, we did one thousand, ok, the gates, open it open here it goes Jamie says it says they between wow between

ten thousand and forty 48th



in four hundred persons were sacrificed in the ceremony and one thousand four hundred and eighty seven. When the Aztecs completed the temp,

and how do you say the Temple name pull up the top of the? How do you say it's?

it's all over. How do you say the Temple name?

And so that's Mexico, city TOA con.

I think I'm Mexico cities, where they think they killed about five billion people first

This is one day fucking insane

and they killed eighty thousand people in a couple of days. But now-

and this come out the way you go down there and you're

walking around in the woods and the mind- God goes the bones and they pick up and you're like it's, not gravel. It's petrified. Bones are everywhere moments on the. Let me go further. The priesthood were meat sellers. This happened in Europe as well, they would hang the people up and the the stores the mark



is below the temples, and so you would eat the meat and the most valuable meat was warriors

when you won the ball, throwing game that alone for days. They would kill you that killed you, the ones

who won were murdered. This is the thing they used to

think they sacrificed a losing team. Now they

there's a sacrifice. The winning team had a bit about for a while, while

must be a long, ass, fucking game ever is just check. Dropping the ball fucking up now, but they were all fighting because they wanted. They believe they were forced from their side yeah. They told him. They said Quikscat lip

the flying serpent Cuatto could sit quietly

is going to you're going to interface, it upload its brain and you

paintings it's all like spaceships and dials, and they have perfect in the span.

Jan Fraternity years premised on a hoax users. There's there's drawings of it to all your old spanish text books. You know she at eight eight, eight, it's about like a half foot long. It



It looks like a jumbo jet with the windows and the engines. Sure

in the mind, smoke penis blood. They

it will take. What they did was that I made that shit. I appreciate it. I thought he was just being silly. No, no that's true. They took, they took long lines of leather shag, war, leather,.

And had it had it had nails on it and it and or had like a spiky things, a glass and they would put

in their genitals, oh the most skilled, is freeze. The high priest were sacrificing people for our,

you're saying hallucinogens, would like not

try to cut his testicles off, but only the most

skilled, which sit there and draw them through they. Wood smoke, the blood so that they can see the lower. Previously, the lower priest with input

talk to there and said they would put it on sacred leaves and then they would smoke the general blood yet of the high priest



They would talk to the right. I believe it's just people are so goofy. Look if you see those african, ladies with the giant plates in their lips, have you

so the the next the next yeah, how about that? They stretch their necks out to the point where, if they take those things off their head will fall off people.

Going to do all kinds of crazy things. Their body, I'm not surprised they smoke, shows blood

The Bible says the old testament new testament, which is pretty powerful. I know people misinterpret, but it

each to text. People there like you

Ezekiel like three burning

gulls land, there's a

Lou firm and over its head. It gives me something to take. I take it, I'm giving the full data of the plan that that that the

genetics has been infested and God must destroy everyone in this an alien story. Oh, it's one hundred percent, but that's what they always talk about. There was talk about that being an alien story. That's what one of the primary stories when they talk about the Bible, Ezekiel's vision, vision,

wheel within a wheel that



There was how do you rate it yeah? It says floating off the ground in the Hebrew yeah and it seems as pretty clear to floating comes a thing with a crystal ferment over its head noon, and then the face is shifting different creatures. It's like a

screen. Well, if you think about how long it would take for an alien to get here it really

he makes sense that unless they have a constant basis in a robot they visit or if they, if they came by themselves, they came by themselves a long fucking time ago. Look if they were able to make interstellar travel like to

three thousand years ago, which is not that big of a leap, if you think about us

three thousand years from now, would probably can do something like that right. So if they were doing,

that three thousand years ago and they found human beings, and these are the stories that we have these stories like

you'll and like there's a bunch of different.

Two stories about contact with the skies. You know the

the to tabulation yeah, there's a world government, the beaches, fifty feet tall, it shifts,



see at the same time, it's a hologram and you've got these

digital systems- if you don't go along with, you can't buy herself yeah people say: oh, that's, not real, but it's manifesting and then go two thousand years in the future. They have advanced technology. Don't send people anymore now this in aliens. If you go back to the old days, it was

actually some sort of humanoid or a large thing, like all the Zachariah,

the citizenship. Exactly that's what makes

that's what all those guys were telling you like, Avatar James Cameras, definite dialed in it's like no we're there jack we're jacking in well. It makes sense that if

was a visitor to this planet five, ten fifteen thousand years ago, if there was maybe more

Maybe there was a visitor one hundred

thousands of years ago that actually did genetic experiments on lower hominids. If that was really the case, it makes sense that their technology would have increased

more rapid. But let's go past that

obviously scientist like the plant, things garters like to plan things, and but that's



that's exactly what the globalist believe is that

they're just aware of what the fucks going on there is powerless, as we are,

the real argument more and more they only.

But solos people in charge who are compartment

is nobody else knows who will carry this out.

We're able- because we're advanced look at this, because, let's just get down to brass tacks: tax tax love tax, Joe! You just said it

Instead of some weird dumb preacher, you know and

In Alabama on fashion, Alabama, saying stuff you get mad at this, don't look at

so demonized look at. Why is demonized think about that right?

about how it says.

There there's no reality- and God creates a whole new virtual reality gives light, does all of it.

And then his genetic experiment by rogue elements gets involved. It's all right there when you actually look at

and you expand on it and you're like

My god, this like beyond the science fiction book, and so it's



obvious thing, that's why they keep telling us. Oh look. Piltdown man was fixed up no Joe,

they didn't accelerated, accelerated, mutagenic they're doing to us now something new.

They didn't accelerate immunogen immunogenic program on this planet.

Humanity. What what the Bible start with

we are made in the image of God.

Does that mean we don't have God's knowledge, but I've got advancement where the

image? Well? What is an image? It's a scan, its numbers, it's the genetics, it's the potential, so

we are the aliens Joe and everybody already knows this. We are the

Do you think that we are a product of alien intervention? They took these lower hominids and accelerate their evolution by applying their genetics? Do you know we

here's the deal they say we're ninety seven percent chimpanzee, but then they actually get

the deeper genetics were closer to pigs or rats. Show. I think that this was an environment built for us.



Were the master genetic program and they're all subsets of us just for a back story and that's what the globalist thing

yeah. But do you think that the aliens created us like this is like one of the primary here's, what the elite beliefs.

The elves are biological androids. The grace

there's other systems going on and no one knows his old warfare, psychological,

If no one knows the truth, is it's it's virtual reality. Once you get to that

so. No one knows we just don't work,

but we are- and I'm just here I rifle powerful, the Globe

STAR S. The elites are obsessed because, reportedly obviously humans was pretty freaking cool. We've got

some big giant mission and maybe that's a program- I don't know

we're like pretty super advanced, but you can't put something out like the spartan

when their kids were seven they from up for two years in the woods you can't just

put something out like like, like, like liberals, you give everybody very everything, their little assholes. So this is like boot,



camp and training and

the testes and do all this, and basically

this planet is what the people say. It's a big test

in ground for uh,

things that are going to come and we are at

our God and I don't mean I'm gone,

but I'm already God I've achieved godhood 'cause. You can see that

national yourself and the lower level. Elves will tell you that, because they

we know you're bad ass, but if they can trick a tad,

whole, it's gonna grow into Godzilla to go, kill it

If their winning so you so so the else are attached. The elves are a test on us to attack.

And see the survival of fittest, but there nothing there like by the

can we achieve look back, go we're going to look at that because I think, when you

jump to the next level an even bigger war going on. What's the biggest war,

consciousness in the universe is an interdimensional spacecraft. Beyond that. That looks like a comment from my research and it



it has its head as it's corona, but the consciousness conscious

it carries evil in the tail end of consciousness, has a location

giant consciousness. Is God okay

swimming in a giant system of survival of fittest that God is created to test God. Self okay looks like a comment, so you got gods conscious and all the good things that

going forward, but God knows that everybody has to be tested so that

will goes out and at the end of the

well is basically evil. That's why Christ

get behind me Satan and it's always

trying to test God and infiltrate up into it to sabotage damn they do pull the plug in this podcast is a good way to end this

mother fucker? Have your burnout want to know? I'm not I'm just saying it, one thousand three hundred and something if the fucking governments come in

but shall they love you? Could you return on you, but you guys been talking about aliens so much dude, trust



This is going to be one of the biggest Youtube videos of all this at the move to talk about aliens as much as possible in love aliens, they loved it all over children's program want bs alien stuff over. They come out of space. It's interdimensional Eddie! Well, when you say aliens, it sounds like you're talking to the elite, the playdium, that's what it sounds like delete, literally believe there in contact with these things,

They are

I want use on DMT and you tell us you have these:

experiences where the thoughts become patterns they become like geometric patterns that are moving through space.

They change and shift, but they're letting you know that they know all.

Bullshit, they see right through

you thought is creation to want you to relax. Yes, there is a lot of that. There's. A lot of thought is creation yeah, but but the only,

lax to see. Don't struggle call them aliens, though what I saw

I've never referred to him as a, but that's the term. Everyone knows not of this world, not of our average thing. I would listen



I would think it was aliens, it woke me up in the middle of the night and took me aboard a ship and that's what I experienced. I would be one hundred percent convinced that I went to a

alien spaceship, and I talked to these things. The difference is how it was like

to smoke it and then lay back and an experience. That is like. I expected that progression of of events, but if

woke up in the middle of the night. I was going to take a leak and a light

shone down to the bathroom and they suck me through the window took me aboard a spaceship and I saw

exact same thing that I saw

high on DMT, be one hundred percent

events that I was in contact with aliens. The different. The only difference is how I got there like. I got there through a drug

got there through smoking, something that's produced by the human brain that I knew was pretty

safe. No one's ever died of it. I'm like, let's see what happens when I go back to everyone, I'm out to

in mash groups taking particularly I'll Oscar. They have group

fans and see the same thing to hear the same thing. Yes yeah, which is the site you can actually, but it's beyond that, you could argue all



one person's a psychic leader. They projected everybody else, mind yeah, but who's, projecting that into them

So that's the only way it's out this. This is what

Pentagon. It might not be someone projecting anything into your mind. It might be your newfound ability to perceive things that you could the way I look at,

like no, I agree, but why are they all forty three people

you know in Costa Rica all seeing aliens? This is a bad example is a bad example, but it's not a bad one. If you fart

and you didn't, have a nose. No one would know if we didn't have

sense of smell. We

the smell, we could still get along in the slide. I agree there was a way to visually see if food is one individual, Alusa nation there's all saying it, but

what I'm saying is it's entirely possible that there's a multiple?

tensions are multiple things that we can't perceive.

We haven't. We don't have the senses for

they're around us all? No, I agree. That's a little unusual briefly, the job in our attic. Let me tell you what my deep research and basically vision as



okay, you just major, like things crystallize a penny to to talk about twelve divisions of La Levin, known twelve being on the present, so we all set actually says.

To say that is Eragon, so I won't say that, but I have

dreams. My whole life that come true.

And the weirdest thing, like a lady drops a thing of pickles at the store for five years. I have the dream that one day I'm there and it's the woman in the pic

break or or a lamb in no time was this. When I was a kid, it was more intense eyes, fucking crazy. So,

for five years you have the same dream and one day it happened, was it exact

have you dreamt ish fuck for about six

once I had a dream of a guy in a purple and green striped shirt, and I'm like. Why am I want, because it's not like normal range is like your been taken over



was get vomited lucid, like a lucid dream, is a dream and I'm walking around while behind a building and all of a sudden there's some dude in a purple and green striped shirt, he attacks me and six months later it happens. I mean it happens exactly so. What do you think is going on? If you mean all thoughts of yourself aside, just

just look at it objectively. What do you think that is? You could say that it's human programming and basic programming in the brain? Do you think you're tapping

to a timeline that maybe you can access all the time? That's another reason I wanted to get a grant one

the reason why you can rant and rave and when you spew out information the way you do, which is it very impressive? The way you can talk

about thirty three hours straight, get excited about things. You do the majority of your programs entirely by yourself, no telling what he was talking. I was this

doing something unusual? I'm not even doing it. It's like a river going by there's a turtle



the fish, there's a the log. That's why it's like random, like

is this. What is that exactly right? But that's how you communicate that's like in the beginning of the thing we were talking about sandy hook, I kept trying to slow you down. I was like I'm, not

calling you down this river, you just hit this one rock. I want to talk about this rock. I want to talk about the next rock, but you just keep going the way you think about things.

Is your your chaining one thing to the next thing to the next thing, to the next thing and for people who are not

thinking the way you're thinking it could be exhausting. Are you

right about it all?

I'm only seeing that like the code, but I'm wondering because of the fact you're telling me that you had these dreams that came true exactly the way you dreamt them. I know you're not full of shit.

Not a liar. I've known you for a long time. If that really did happen to you, if

This is your real life experience. I want to know what the fuck that is, you are, you. Are you on the periphery

you have your finger on a membrane that maybe other people can't totally touch where occasionally just to



Usually you get a little peek through and you get to see

side, even it's only once or twice in your life, who is

Say that what you're experiencing by being able to see these things that manifest themselves realistic,

in the future, that this isn't what human beings will have?

five years from now or a hundred years from now

sure exactly we think of like a cell phone be magic art are, we think, we're all the same? That's the thing. We think we're all the same, we're not all the same

we're, not all the same in our ability to talk, you can talk for a law

longer days, and I do any bravo- could talk about jujitsu better than both

us he's a musician you you and I both suck at music right. So there's there's certain things that

people can do that. You can't, let me try to describe it

and they'll use it against people notice, don't touch it because it's their whole religion. They can't stand. I'm talking about it by the time

like three years old. I would have this dream that God has, because God knows,



everything is a super intelligent, omnipresent, unlimited dimensions, but God doesn't know where God came from. So just like we're trying to find out where we came from

God is like a virtual reality simulation as well, and God is constantly running

every program every operate

which in turn, evil lose good, lose everything show

I would have these dreams, but the earliest memories like three

where I would fly out to the edge of infinity and it was? It was continual message find

where we came from find out what it is, and it would just be this big giant, spinning black vortex, like a black hole and then I would have to go into that trying to figure out what was going

on and ever it was the same thing and sources. It

frustration

show then growing up and dealing with things in questioning politics and questioning all these other areas that

dreams that come true exactly and



knowing what's going to happen before it happens, and then questioning it and then.

Being wrong like weird, like brightly crazy stuff man like like just so much stuff,

becomes like you can't even deal with you like dial it out, and then you just reach that point. Where.

You don't even know what's real anymore, because it's so crazy, but then you see like the mathematics of the whole system and you know how it works. It's not like you're, some schizophrenic, you talk about it, you deal with it and actually works like now. When you fi

the system, you automatically know what to do. When you talk

something. The president word for word repeats me. Trump is what freaks x out

for word. A whole speech is like

things and I'm on a power trip. That's what they flipped out about the CIA and everywhere else.

And they're like well Jones, just like connected a trumpet, I think, from like an idiot savant. What does that have to do with the speech? Explain that Trump's speech,



I'm I'm trying to follow. I don't even know I don't even have the thing it's hard to follow. You sometimes

You're talking trains trumps. So for that I believe, was even before that he was talking about God. Yet so God, God does everything except where God came from. That's a good sound bite right there. Do you think the God

is just like every other system that we see like think of this there's. No

one not is the motion of it is no one bird there's, no one bird, that's running all the birds, there's! No one person, that's running all the people,

it's all chaos, even if we elect someone, if they have the fucking people hate him, everybody's

in chaos is Conder trying concept, our struggle. Are you? So do you think that God is still centralized? Do you think of the idea of

God is decentralized that maybe God is a real thing, but is not one person

that is literally organisms. God is not



Free will got its consciousness. It's all the organisms, it's every technological innovation. I think God is with all of the things longer, and I knew anything new age is a counterfeit jobs. I was really out of it. Announcing a carver was real

because they'll say, oh God is everything that is was true.

Is experiencing consciousness or all of us. There's there's no MIKE wherever hard time saying that I know this, I could say, God might be decentralized. I could say God

I just be just like every other organism on the planet. It's just something

it's moving in a certain direction, trying to protect itself and trying to procreate and trying to advance and trying to innovate and trying to be better than it was yesterday. That's everything is doing every fuck

animal that started out as a single celled organism is trying to survive, because I setting create themselves well, it's not necessarily that it didn't create itself with something created it slowly. But surely let's say that through the process of evolution mutation, this is the only people over hours. We should do an epic podcast, but the point is



we should not give up. Let's talk about the point is

there is a pro human future? Anna, a pro free will future and the globalist or at

or at Anti human Anti free will future.

All I know is to swim towards the light. This is

for pro human future. This is the point, and this is one of the reasons why I wanted to discuss this with you, and this is one of the things that I talked about with TIM Pool recently and one of the things that when we have a revised pod,

which is coming up very soon with Jack from Twitter,

we all need to talk about open communication, that this is it's very bad for all people involved.

But people down from communicating as long as are now

doing anything to actively try to harm Kennedy said those that make people peaceful acts

or whatever he said, people that make peaceful action, illegal

violence and have a lot of yeah. That's a that's a pretty my. To paraphrase it, but that's a perfect quote: people don't like being left on the outside and that's what I came.



One of things about you and I having this conversation we had our blow up, is coming

understand that you felt like you were left on the outside and me as a person who is constantly busy and wasn't paying attention that it was self

of me to not pay attention to how you must have felt to be stuck on the outside. Well, I just felt regardless of what you did, what would we we, you wish you didn't, do or didn't do what I like about,

which is what we saw today. I mean one

the best things about this podcast to be. I got to show people what I really

love about Alex Jones, your fucking fun. This is hilarious and you say a lot of shit that turns out to be real and turns out to be of real, can

turn and you make some really good points about all the shit that has a job. I don't want to be right about them. Killing babies doesn't mourn. I know you don't want to. You want to be right about human. You don't have to be you don't be

It doesn't matter whether you you want it right. Jesus



well podcast we're going now. Don't do that. That was like six hours or something your honor. I think Kevin Smith was long. This is like five and a half fucked

he's a great guy just kidding. I love them. Okay, thirty Tonto, fine man with flowers. Look, here's a fine! Listen I'll, be honest with you! Huh! I'm kind of retarded

no. No, no that's going be a sound bite. They're going to put that to mariachi music. No, I might have to use your you,

blue flame thrower delight the next choice. I'll take a public tobacco, but no seriously when it comes to regular line, regular tobacco with no marijuana at all. Would you like some.

Dublin, I know know need for our guts, never wrong.



Look up the show little gonna give it all your points. What points? That's all I got points hundred percent one hundred percent. Thank God. No points got some great points. No, no

any any big. We are the ambassador of the flight

society, no, not

bladder cancer, Samedi, barely listen any but doesn't believe more than he believes. Listen. So if somebody putting it down everybody filter, it became a universal truth. He would fuck and start believing the earth is round. No,

no size. Contrary is the flat earth. Society is controlled opposition. Nobody, that's in flatter, okay! Listen!

I know there's a lot of bullshit, so I rather society was real. I respect you

I do I love you. The point is: is that I'm asking you a real question here? Okay to be the biggest doctor,

in history. It only cost like a million dollars. Okay, let's it a fifty thousand time big ship and to have it circumnavigate the planet and



who will be there with GPS? No, no! No! I'm not going to be there. No we're going to get someone to represent me there. Okay,

We could draw it out now will get weird lawyer launch, I'm not doing no, no, no, we're launching the discovery of flat earth project. Well that rocket

and do dirty shooting himself in the space

really easy! You know! You know you prove the earth with that. We really live on a ball. How, when you get when they supposedly make those missions to the ISS when they shoot up just have that one of the astronauts it's

go to the the just: have a go pro camera

on his helmet and just go uncut no cuts, no cuts.

The time you get on that ship to the time you

talk and I want you to doctor at nine

but for now no frigate technology, Cousteau never said anything. My cell phone, my cell phone, is awesome. Let's listen this IP combative here, but



Now we're gonna be in competitive. This then we talk, I know, but you talking over each other. If that did happen, would you want some tobacco?

Papa John's. Do it sure if that happened, while secure man in the first time, I'm saying this had been said. If that, if that happened, you let it go yeah, they don't there's no footage of the construction of the international space station. There's no footage. It just appears: there's not a spender space, no footage of the commercial modules of the international. Are you sure about that? One hundred percent there's no footage in the construction. People that worked on the space station have known astronauts there real

people man, they were there. They are real people, I didn't say so you don't think it's really constructed or you would like to see the footage. First, the footage. Listen, listen! If you know

there's a debate? Let me finish to let me just there's a debate out there

do you believe we went to the moon or not you ha.

Everyone needs to acknowledge that there is a debate. There's people that

one like a laser hold on hold on there's people that believe



we went to the moon and there's people believe that we faked it, you have to understand,

three people are exactly exactly so. When you talk about the people that

won't believe we went to the moon when

they also say they're, taking uh

other space ship to you.

I kind understand where they're coming from.

That believe, whether they win or not. Maybe we were maybe

I don't know, but there's people that don't believe it's so when

Don't you should understand it? They have

no trust for any of that. I love love. How many times you got gotta fake going to the moon before you go okay before that bullshit meter,

fucking explodes no. I agree. Let's finish it all. Ok, guess rubber got mad about sandy hook, which I think happened have a right to question one. I was watching minion

three or four where they go to us and they run through.

The minions engine run through Hollywood

changing the moon landing people have a right to do that.



There's. Nobody wants to send people up as a bunch of die, a bunch of test pilots time we fly on

jumbo jets around the country are cell phones work? Do you think we definitely went to the moon,

absolutely one hundred percent. Absolutely bet your life on it, but the difference is: is that

they say I say didn't happen.

The truth is that we have time on our shows and eyes. Moon landing. I've denied a bunch of

you know they say Alex Jones says

there are you,

Human slaves on Mars ever set it. But

All I'm saying is: I know the real NASA people and.

Warner VON Braun, the guy who directed all six moon missions, was a nazi correct

He hung out with Walt.

Correct, yeah, yeah

in the fifties just made up space. They never know when, whenever I went to space

the space, what welfare raining had spacey, why was on the phone you for forty five minutes? This morning I told you have a twelve inch telescope



twelve inch diameter opening aperture. Yes, we talk to look at the Freaking moon. Taken thirty five millimeter photos there. It's there

shit, you see when you look up it's there.

You get a telescope. You can see that we're not gonna have a space is fake conversation. You told me the fucking, like you can't do this. I didn't say the lights. What are they? I? Don't know well, I don't know what they are

The way I described this is the same way. I talk about jujitsu you. You should never

talk about how effective martial arts are just sort of just saying that you can prove that shit. You can prove all those things about three million miles away. There's no proof that you got to believe that we even real people that have souls and free will. As you can see,

maybe we don't even exist. You don't exist, Joe doesn't exist and nobody exist.

So because we can't have a space is spaces fake talk, my head will break break. Let's not do it. My point of all the



because I don't want to have it space discussion either. But my point is that if there's people out,

there, that believe we faked

went to the moon six times you have to

understand their skepticism, that yes, this is hold on. You know what it means we actually talked about before when he was talking about that. That's all! This is what we talked about before when he was talking about the reason why he questions anything because he's seen so many different things. It turned out to be basically so exactly the same in earlier, and he was actually saying that sometimes you can get fucking crazy with it. You think that everything is fake and you call bowl

on things that really aren't but human exploration. Israel, yes,

we do some stuff stuff like what we've done

wars and shit like what like electricity, that's awesome, Tesla, right, yeah

worst test lab. Now, I'm not just how 'bout all the technology that you enjoyed and make your life harder. I love it



I'm sorry, that's of course. Of course, I'm talking to the same science allows people to understand the distance between earth and Mars same stuff. Then you get into your over by the way. I'm not trying to make points. This after you've taught me a lot you're, really smart guy, an entrepreneur.

Task show

I think it's healthy to be where you're at questioning everything.

Buying everything all I'm telling you is is this.

Yes, we have now one hundred years ago, would be considered magic.

And we humans can go away. Yes, I agree with that. Fucking

I found a dude. I know people that I went over to the day it's hospital and it does nothing

What does NASA scientist on the main line in the videos running NASA? I might worry there.

Yes, I ran the RCA cameras. We fake the photo

because the radiation belt hit. They they'd Ultima,

but we should have done that. I freaking know what happened. That makes way more sense to me,

one of the things that Jamie and I have actually discussed when we talked about the gemini fifteen photo the famous photo of Michael Collins. That turns out.



Be just a reverse of a photo of him on a training mission, or is it a hard yeah? They wanted PR the music I did go to to. I went to three what ads of NASA engineers one of his room and take that, let me talk a

Raymond was there running this freaking here and the lasers on the moon

He ran the deals. He said what was weird is that another

group of ships,

You know what I that I just couldn't. Do it another group of ships

yet, but basically he wouldn't, but basically he this is not.

I was going to meet with him. I met with him at the former Norac

Jambase. The Hilton outside Austin,

wouldn't tell me in like a week later, his heart blow. He

ready to tell me he said no Israel, but there's more advanced and

the letters is how she looked at him. He's like the main guy like running the cameras.



Number three in NASA like for engineers. Frequent was in Vietnam ran black ops in Cambodia and he said

he said. Well, we lost a lot of people with those were clandestine operations. I wasn't part of it so compartmentalized. He said you're right that there were a bunch of missions before

man 'cause. The US is willing to killed fifty people to do that, just to see if they can get

so no one else will be the most tragic thing that people take us. Is that great Joe know? We were willing to

men already to die over and over again for the one time at work and that's what,

This is all well Gus Grissom in those original blew up on them. Left we blew up on the launchpad, you know will be in

credibly tragic. If is it is if they actually did go to the moon, but they fake the footage.

Is the radiation, so there really

is bullshit ever believes you know, but you know how how horrific that would be if you were a guy,

like Neil Armstrong and you knew that the footage is bullshit, but you actually had gone to the moon. You like fuck



This whole thing was like people are starting to why these, where is it? Look like their own wires? There's absolutely there on trampolines like by the way they all got radiated 'cause. It's true like he says going through that,

one thousand Chester X rays or something you know even for his noon, you know is like ten text Chester,

yeah. You know what those, although I thought it was only one notice. How do you know what's more notice how the international flights are all now at night? Why's that, because there's freaking already do

so you go to sleep, it's a red eye. No, no! No solar radiation from thirty five

feet to to to sea level on average

Is ten feet of water about six?

is a stone there's dirt. Quite, why is the sun so big on the

on the minutes. Explain that again, what are saying imagine

the atmosphere is a lance. Okay, so

why do you think the son of the moon looks so much?

horizon. Why is that

I always thought it was just



Harrison go alone, or is it somewhere that red? Why is it red the atmos

here, you're, looking so more up there

you're, looking through one thousand miles a set of twenty miles, show them

moon gets smaller interns totally? Why does it goes up right?

so this is this is like astronomy, saying because you're looking at on the plane- and I forget- we

talking about that flights, yeah

radiation radiation

whatever it is. You get a bunch of chest x, rays right when you fly during the day, because the sun solar radiation, because you're above

Everybody, a body knows you're in the mountains, you get a worse sunburn, wise in less oxygen, less dropping the uv

show when you're at thirty five thousand feet. That's above this himalayan yeah you, you are up there and there's no there's, there's average average thirty five thousand feet. This is NASA



probably true hand feet of water

inches of stone, thirty, five thousand feet of dust. The filter

oh wow, wow. When you hit a filter on your Iphone. Does it turn another color put a filter over right, so think about think about the atmosphere

you're. Looking straight up the bones: fucking white.

Look at this angle: it's yellow right! It's big and

orange on Damn, that's big. It's not just words coming up! That's part of it! It's that it's it's bubbled

to form, looking through a pair of glasses on the edge so you're looking.

For all that atmosphere. You looking through pollution. You look through dirt everything yeah yeah. My dad told me all that that's fucking amazing, no

So that's why moons are red?



they're red, with a rise in their white with a top? That's all the shit, we're looking at it through what yeah we've got a weird situation: huh, a big ass one, slash four sized planet, just floating

just floating above us, we stare at it. Well, it's a full moon tonight that is fucking, weird, there's a planet there right there. I felt like it looks o'clock last night:

miss your call, and I will up like three thirty and I had to get up and I looked out it looked fake news so sometimes times half moon and I was looking out the hotel like a fabric, Gardner

and I'm looking at how beautiful that is. Just like hey, it's okay to say it's made.

This probably is: did you ever see that movie dark city level way fucking movie, Kiefer Sutherland Fucking Great movie? Sometimes

good movie is like a twilight zone. That's a like a twilight zone, it's a classic! I watch that of the again, but it makes me feel some.

Times like reality like like,



That movie was so strange because it was like this weird scripted, real

only these people out they have no you're fine. I am way through the surface, should all lose your family's real? Yes, your

consciousness, Israel! No! No! No! I'm not! I know you know, I don't know, I agree, it's almost saying it's fast. No, no, I great times I'm sure you're moving, I'm saying right. Yeah is virtual. Yes, but you're real. Yes, your real too you've been put it. All of us were put into a simulation to basically testis and that's the big thing I'm trying to get across to people Damn Alex Jones

Let's wrap this mother fucker up this question. Okay, go help.

Copter in its South Africa or wherever I can you imagine, the film seek

searching flat earth doing.



I'm sending a representative. We should know you should be on a shot, go on Santa's representative. Do you have a I'll have like a contest? You really praise him. That's a good move, have a contest.

And then we'll just have a camera man on the whole town, lava cameramen you paid for the cameraman's flight.

Hundreds no coverage of the satellite was Amy could fill sixty four b did not also GPS, so there's this whole

GPS and you can like leave la on a ship

and you go all the way over to Japan and share body and go down

around Indian around Africa Needle and knew you could do it if it's all a flat plane. That's like you're, just not thinking right

You could do go anywhere. You want, if it's flat

anywhere you what people think like you rounded edges certain windows open. So we can the top. Also, as you told me this morning, it was good office. You told me this morning not this morning. Yesterday, no one is more on



You said you said you said basically was no way to prove any of this approve any of what what is all this? What's this we're waiting

space you're saying is you're generalizing.

Matthew questioning, I think it's great, I'm not gonna go to jail or be sued for watching. You said you just said that I said something and I don't even know what you think this whole song. I got Alzheimer's, not here. What do you think this all this shit with like people thinking the earth is flat or people thinking spaces fake? What do you think that's coming from I'll tell you it might be able to get anything.

Oh my god, this year, you've got a spectrum, so you got people that don't even know their human or of life exist. Is this all the sedation, because they've been lied through so much for soul?

Well then, it was true and then

we're here you've got people that just believe whatever they see on CNN and



yeah I'm just trying to look at everything going well. They've lied a lot, but sometimes it's not that long times is incompetence. What's real, and so I don't

that's like way over here or other people.

Like way over here, 'cause they're, trying to

some solace order of the universe, the truth

there's not order in the universe

well trying to bring order. The universe and that's why they staged events, so they can try

to bring order? Within that event,

What event are you talking about? No nor

the woods or gulf of Tonkin or whatever the thing is, or or taking a relevant making a big, but it's not bad to question that

So how do we get convinced to say? Well, you know I ask questions and I

give me shut down as long as I'm legitimately asking questions. There's no judge that I have that right. So that's where we're all going just

what is the system will get rid of free speech right to self defense? The family

in those things and ask you:



what are we about working man? I believe in that you that say that say that again, was it right to bear arms free speech was a third one, family family.

What were the biggest amazing

John? You question. It was a big three say that again,

You know, I think mystery is, I think

what is going on now you get why

get me guys. I don't want to be like my life is not sandy hook up said there tell me what

tell me earlier that you were actually even before all this happened. You were planning your exit strategy. Like you get weary of this,

yeah. It's not like I'm afraid of fight, but I'm forty five.

A long adventurous life, so I'm probably like sixty and

I was already like, I wasn't sure about Trump or whatever has really



he got elected nothing. He was bad, just like all the war's start

and then I was already playing kind of face things out, just because I don't like down on fifty five, a heart attack and the fact they attacked me. So much makes me after battle and fight and never give up and and and so

It's not like they even wore me down before they ever they kept me in the game.

Don't explain it- they kept me in the game attacking me and lying about me.

Because now I well out out now, because when I was worried about now, I dream about stuff.

That was what you were worried about initially yeah, because I realize about four or five:

years ago. It's obsessive that I was already

obsessed you, you were telling me that it fucks with your head, the

certain amount of it after awhile it just fucks with your head yeah, the negativity yeah and I like have dreams.

I like dreams, are like twenty years long, like you do a where I'm

armor like it's it's like five hundred years ago, just like playing,



things eating food and, like put my kids to sleep in, like you know, cutting trees down in

walking around I. I have dreams, rabbits like normal and just being a normal person,

I never I didn't like

I think they have like all these shows. Homeland only shows are on this big demon. I didn't like calculate what I was going to do

and then I was already not ready to give up. I was ready to move on and innovate, and now it's almost like, it's God doing it.

Sounds like no. No, it's not that easy you're

the wall by your enemies to you're, going fight to the death, and then nobody got to say this, but I realize it's God's plan,

I'm not going to be turned loose. I was just going to do a couple tours in this fight and be be turned loose, and so so it's been

It's been fraying realize that this is all big stage and God wants to see some people. Dance

but I tell you the globalist think they're like running me out, but I think they've got me. It's the difference. It's like it's the opposite.



Now. They've turned me into this maniac. Well, there's a

definitely some sort of a struggle going on right now

is, it's seems to be like a universal struggle for figuring out what people are and how we should behave and who gets to decide that

and there's certain universal truths are ignored and there

certain ones that are emphasis overemphasized and there's certain ones that are. You know that

the Goldilocks spot, and we were working it out. I think that's part of what

going on with human beings. But we

have to be really really careful of. Is that by

silencing some people and never given

any path to retribution we create eternal enemies,

this is this is what easily could be happening right now with someone doesn't have ability to express themselves,

because an evil force once conflict and what you say. It's not only know if it's an evil force, but it's archival force.



They're listening to all those around them and there's a hive hive mind sort of thinking to allow

This there's not a lot of debate about

Let's just say this, Joe and and to ten plan. Everybody else you

you didn't give into the pressuring of the threat. It was more than

Maggie like a siren like a bitching woman, not against women.

But I mean not get it. That's why yeah? And so that's why?

Didn't have me on, but then you realize

was just a shamble,

If you just trying to live the life and put out good ideas and talk to people, but folks are going to

If you choose a side and that's what

happening in this quickening- and I don't want you to say that's why right

got a nailed nobody's coming to Ryan Seacrest for, like political advice, he's got mailed nailed

it's a bunch of shows real nice guys got a great smile. He figured it.

But you understand joke in that sweet spot man. I look at you going dumb,



we're talking about anything and everything. Oh my god! No just leaving himself is stagnant. Water,

Oh, it's still nothing's going

on it's all clear,

dead and rotting. What's a live ocean big crashing waves? Yes,

it sure,

she seen beyond. Everybody has but I've I've seen way beyond guys. You want to be in the

like you, want to be in a fight. You want to take all your

not successful Joe. Could you play

one of the system you're successful, because you did organically and real mean

perfect. That mean it's bad. It was real

why your success and then they come in you think, oh

you're, bad, I'm the same way. Oh all, these p

tell me how great I am a play. Ball with them, because I've got

this thing, but they

you because they're soulless

and so all I'm saying is you made the right decision and I just

have me on because I'm not perfect is deciding



no America still America, the world. Still the world wearily

to talk about real things in here, oh things, because they want to shut other voices down, so they can lie about those voices and any I'd. I

yeah that fears exposure. Our fears debate is a failed idea. Well, you know

I have a unique perspective. My perspective is less and less inclined to pursue it in the idea that it's a fight and more to be able to.

Pursue reason and to have

but communicate with each other 'cause? I think part of what the fuck is wrong with all of us today as it

people are so willing to take sides. So will you join teams and so willing to fight about shit that they really don't have to

about you, I want to say this, I'm a sack. This is so powerful. I don't dislike Donald Trump, and

I think, he's done some good things. I'm trying to piece and trying to get child back to America, but I hate Donald Trump

I got behind him is that Hillary was bad and then he became



my identity, he's not a bad guy, but the truth is I hate him or Hillary Clinton

he's, who I am now and whenever he does is who I am right now connected him, I'm with America and freedom and everything else, and I'm not throwing under the bus to get George Soros on my back, though they already after

the reasons I met with them, I'm not against even trump, but I get in a fight

like this that so dumb down,

then no matter what I do. They take my radicalness, my weirdness, to hurt Trump

but then all it does is like radioactively attack me. I don't know how to describe it, but it's like it's like Trump

breaking my legs every day and it's not

I'm not willing to go through the pain except along. He says I don't agree with and

not my identity shanty hooks, not mine. Oh, this is just trump talking from your own personal perspective, and I appreciate that that he's now,

I I don't know how many people actually think said he's your identity, but I think that what we're getting that that's



Morton is that we don't know when they're shooting at me they're going to Trump.

I'm sure, there's a lot. I don't mind the shooting at Joe. It's that I'm not Donald Trump. I understand that

you, but what I'm talking about is just the human race in general. If we could just do one thing be reasonable, just be,

seasonable and understand that emotions cloud judgment and that when people start screaming and yelling at each other and you

one side near the left and this guy takes another side and he's the right and you're going back and forth to default. It's nonsense and you don't ever get anything solved and you never get to understand how that other person thinks and feels, and we're constantly trying to mock people and what you were talking about.

About the bill. Maher thing about him, cracking a joke and I dismissed it is

Joe because it was a joke. Was talking about how the red states wish they were the blue states and all that shit? That's that's exactly the type of thing we're talking about, though, that that that that us versus them



that me verses, like you're generalizing, for entire swaths of the country's. If they're one yeah, I feel bad. Every time I say California is lost. This is a

beautiful steak. A lot of great people

is a lot of people here, a lot of them are fucking lost. That's a fact. You know

like who knows how many, like thirty, something million people died? Million, it's crazy. It's a giant country was the population of California, it's fucking giant. That's too many people to

there's no way. You could say Californians do this, this fucking, California, that are ranchers forty million. Can we fit the whole population of the world in Texas, though so, when you look at

we are overpopulated in some ways with our technology, but let me

make this point now. We end this. I gotta pee. So bad

go pee pee come back, will finish five more minutes. 'cause I want to talk to Eddie talk, some sense



her ego. Tell me about buzz. Aldrin. Tell me about your boy Buzz Aldrin. You know I'll tell you about those off. He told me

where you going back. Ok, it's careful round dot com.

Brown's dot com, Jamie Eddie, how you doing I'm doing good so um? What do you? What do you think about the wide receiver of the browns? I don't think we can turn to talk to brown right, no, no

fortunately, is okay. Is there any conspiracy theory, the use kind of are suspicious. There's got to be at least one yeah. There's that I definitely am. I like this one Ashleigh, nine, eleven, none of them

You think that you know what are you familiar with our seven yeah? I I would say from up almost every story, even out the stuff we talked about before in the past I'd, I don't believe the the official



end quote okay, so when so, you know that power seven was that the third tower that went down here where that right, yeah, I'm I'm, I look more when it when that comes up all of the surrounding information about what it, what wasn't in the buildings, not the not the actual event. I know the event happened,

I'm I'm not so curious about that. Did you see the video of tower seven

free fall, speed. That's got

a little suspicious

right, yeah yeah, I read flag gotta, come up at least right. It's if you're, trying to if you're, really trying to get to the truth. You're like wait a minute, I would say this for the fish. Is that a third building? Fellow

wasn't? It wasn't even hit exactly that's what

all stories with our seven and not only was it not touched by a plane. It went down at freefall, speed and it's caught on video like five different angles. Right

by different no one's saying that it's fake footage that's tower hours,

forty seven story, skyscraper fucking falling at free fall speed.



People are saying it got hit with a direct energy weapon.

Some people are saying that it was brought down like

troll demo in back in Vegas like one of those buildings, you know but Rick

hardness of how it was brought down. You gotta, look at that video footage

wait a minute and why is Youtube, taking down building seven footage yeah.

Here's one thing footage why letters on syndicated radio, like fifty stations in two thousand and one and I'm sitting there? That's actually was one hundred and twenty six is

tell us lost like seventy percent percent, it was an inside job. I don't mean the fireman blow it up. I'm watching Fox NEWS Cnn at my studio and then I go get a pizza, for

four CBS radio back ten

and they go Solomon Brothers Building, seven be

don't even controlled demolition to save other buildings, so I

back on here and

building was being brought down to say



other buildings and for like five

or goes I'm crazy,

CNN and all of them

archive it on the internet, everyone's watching, building, seven

BBC

B. Let me ask you: what do you think happened with Tower seven.

CNN Abc and CBS told me the government blow it up, the

Let me play the clips, they go come on

back, we're blowing it up and the media goes? Oh, you mean the cops blew it up. No, the cops are told, get back on the countdown

an intervention comes like generate. Seventy six, five hundred and forty three explained to me: do you think that they had detonations set up?

already in the building. That's where this goes. Next, Joe

which I used to always like try to follow down what it means. I don't know I've learned to go, hey I've got

five different news when it happened

and before is saying they blew it up. I don't know what happened. Is it possible that it collapse

because of those gigantic diesel fires right and then



forty one thousand two hundred and seventy six on building seven seven had a decent diesel diesel tanks in the basement and they caught fire. They said it was an inferno and they said it

he knows on hold on a second always, but I want to ask you this because I don't know yeah right, but it did. They said that what happened was this is whoever the explained it didn't. When I was gives you two videos

that the fire had burned through the internal structure of the building at such a high temperature that all

All of these floors lacks the pancaked, and then it came, but it never happened before sense. Right, never hasn't happened before a sense. That's here's!

think about Alex Jones eighteen years ago would argue every

point say: I knew what happened. Ok,

the Alex Jones. Two thousand and nineteen is honest. Well, I'm glad you're gonna say



I've seen him saying they blow it up and nobody can describe it. I don't know Joe what happened right. Well, when you look at it the way it falls, it falls exactly like controlled demolition. Exactly so it

from the top down, but if you actually freefall speed right, but if you watch the full video the center of it collapses like there's a full

the where you look at the top of the building in the center of it collapses far before the outside does that's how they take

take out the elevators central thing first, when they do light up when they do they do this with do they have it all set in advance, so they

I knew that nine hundred and eleven was going to come into the answer, my question, yet they don't know and what they do

They take like some clippings from twenty years ago right in

they going here,

CBS News and they don't show it. I mean I've got

CBS. I've got is a that, even though operation Northwoods happen in Gulf of Tonkin was a conspiracy. Is it possible that the

fires in that building were so



unbelievably hot that it fucked up every floor and they really did pancake on top of each other, and then the exterior structure just call

is that possible? Because not an engineer had the engineer say it's not it's not possible at all and here's the problem, Joe

they announced it fell on its own footprint, twenty seven minutes before it did

five channels to be

pc world

baby sheep.

CNN, CNN and CBS Joe key foot.

It was four o'clock. I've been on air since that morning, on

indicated radio. I drove down the local pizza place at four got. My pizza was eating it in the car,

and our CBS radio driving home and they said,

little Caesars been made to save other buildings too,

troll demolition, the Solomon Brothers Building building seven by late. We have these clips now.



But no one archive stuff that so I go in there and I go yeah. They just blow up a building. Everybody started

freaking out, but here's the thing

and they blew it up. How long does it take to set up explosives to the poor

we could pay? It normally takes away

That was the next story.

But then I interviewed

of emergency management for New York

the loose change people got him on and

no was there, they had bombs, they see you know. Unit was based in building seven right,

the CIA, the FBI all

the NSA as well everything he always says. Oh, I don't know he,

I might just kiss and Joes House like he's beyond ourselves with he slid. Oh, it's bullshit man, you know every fucking thing, just fucking say yourself now, once you explain it to everybody,



I'm gonna stay in. There, too, is like you better job, forty fucking stories of fucking government.

Right. So there's forty with a diesel tech

can pre rigged explosives. In case shit, dude didn't believe. I wasn't matter that, even though I heard CBS

say they blow it up, and even though,

go Jones as firefighters blow it up. 'cause the government same thing:

what you made a good point, I upset the

no. I don't mean my grandpa was in the army. If it really did pancake from the from the fire,

what a shit design, yeah

the terrible as I so mad. That argues for the debaters from underwriting laboratory me. Everyone went look at the blueprints and is New York.

I'm not defending what you're saying, because seven

well, it was looked at by lawsuits. They were soon

I wanted to though they were built with like bubble, gum and like Band

it's really not all those buildings already leaning? Oh no big, mob, scam

yeah, I know



They they already had buckling in the window. No mathematicians guess that within like five year

there's one building would collapse. Oh fuck,

So there goes your argument. It's New York. These buildings are built for shit.

And that's when you get older, you go some of our bill for shit right for sure right,

I don't yeah, I mean especially back then when was this idea tobacco I do have more tobacco, but I'm

so I have one little bit more tobacco. Yes for sure, one hundred

You know

Judy Wood. Is

Well, I do know she's she's got Doctor Judy Wood is wrote, a book called. Where did the

hours go part of her story. Her theory is this is just this.

Just some lady scientist, federal Supreme leader. There was this. What she claims

based on the video and the picture



that she has of

the towers collapse that you're speaking? For me, she saying

that there was no rubble. The book, the name of the book is called. Where did the towers go? She said that direct energy

weapon, some kind of direct energy weapons

justified the buildings, turn the buildings to dusk, because there was no rubble. A dude

a book on that crazy. This he's like in Australia, no, no in America using LA he told me they used Tesla technology. I was like what

images. Both say you're wrong. To ask that question. You know what for me it doesn't matter if it was justified or they better Habitat, LAS Vegas style it does it matters. Here's those buildings, in my opinion, is sandy hook

and in the world trade centers I've been accused of covering up. I don't like that. You be what he's been accused

covering things up of being a bullshitter like



I'm, covering up in Orlando Jones, says Donna lot of people think a lot of people think you're is dying, hologram planes, a lot of people think you're a zionist shill. You know that that's the biggest one, that's the biggest one about Alex G.

You know I'll be honest with you biggest the biggest one people always in you know what I always have. Your back always always. I said

you know what, if I didn't know him, I problem probably probably think that shows so I know you, you are honestly

making it a mission in your life to

search for the truth, to hear

about liberty you're for real. You want the best for people you're looking out for the people's best, what they were really so, whether you're right or wrong. It doesn't matter your. You know sometimes you're wrong, but we know he was in your old. So it's hard for me when I'm, like I'm saying, does have your back. It's

hard for me too



you're, like some sign a show like I know. Let's listen when people make up rumors about all kinds of people the day they come up with ideas that they wanna push. They decide to stay, as you know,

accuse someone of doing something really stupid like being a part of something

Here's the best way warmer, I use other back Alex when I take a lot of heat for it, but I got Michelle. They think I'm a zionist now, because she was friends with those people,

conspiracies. When you see conspiracies against you that you know aren't true. Doesn't that make you distrust conspiracies by you?

that's the part. That's the evolution of you between you now and you know. There's a lot of stuff is lies, but then

All that just say everything's is bs. You gotta check it. There's a lot of that going on right, exactly so

try to answer any questions, your question excellent as well, and the 2go together. I



I grew up in Dallas Texas, in the 80s and 90s, when it was like the murder capital of the country. I live in a middle class area, but it was still like, and you know

red necks. I I you know I got fight with with races, Mexicans the racist white people attacking Mexicans, but I I mean I had a big black eyes attacking me, like one three grades in school.

And my black friends would say man so cool you're. Not even though, even though

my cousin is eighteen or if you're like fourteen is attached, you and you know that was all just part of a development people two takes it. It does.

What what color their skin on is or where they came from, there's good black,

people there's bad black people. There's good white people is bad. Why people there's good Mexicans, there's bad mexican, just good Asians or Spanish,

there's good North Koreans, there's bad and Koreans,

stating really simple stuff for everybody knows but I'll go to a restaurant, if they've got good food, I don't care if it's ethiopian or it's mexican or germ.

Is the food's good? The people are nice. I love it like a women like I.



Black women white women. With hispanic woman, I love mall

Ok, the woman's cool I gotta bunch of black women there bitches black women, are cool. What about swedish bitches? The point is, let's just say, I'm super gay

The point is what I'm getting at here, though it's not like swedish school, but I don't know, let's wrap this up now. We need to wrap it up, but I'm going to make this point. I don't know what it is.

How is that? Getting into that? Oh, the racism thing it's not about,

and I would say something so similar, but he's like yeah, you told me: grass is green

models. Luther king, like it doesn't matter what color someone is it matters, what they stand for, what they do?

I go to restaurants that can be uh.

By Koreans or black people or white people whatever. If the food

is good music. I love Jimi Hendrix is black, but the food sucks that I hate it, but it's

because they're white, or because there is organic? Of course, I don't Joe, I don't use any loss and next to a Mexican for three hours, a hundred percent.



You totally love Mexicans. I do too mexican food

Joe we've had a big epic interview. It's been pretty God, damn good people at the end is this is not your record six hour, though no, but it's

damn good we're at like four hours or something something like that. Alright, you think this

I think you guys talked about aliens to fucking- really boost your search. Engine results on Youtube now will be, will be idle emanated from all search engine results, but I really

you'll be penalized for this show. You should say something about that, like

your life talk to me,

Joe Joe Jones on to say no one gotta sandy hook b. Well, I don't

I think anyone's going to say that, but people probably

say some things, but I think also, you know the idea that, like any

we should be able to tell you that you can't



talk anymore ever if you said one thing that people don't like or if you do talk it had

to be only on your side and you have to be trapped out of all of the different platforms for social media slippery.

Slippery slope, you know another training, people, but here's the thing. I do not a hateful person, I know you're, not a hateful person you may have

things that are angry in the past, about certain people or

angry about a certain event in the news, but you're not a hurtful angry person. If there's th,

things that you say that they can say hey. This violates some sort of a pattern of behavior urut

tracking someone you're giving out someone's address that kind of shit. They should be able to take it down

yeah. I agree, it's actual shows. That's not that's not speech is part of Peter I'm not doing that's. What I was going to get to. There should be a clear like set of rules, and you could

look these rules away, a lawyer would look at him and

Is this in violation? Is my client arrested will know your client



have anything illegal on him and we did a search. We found no drugs, we found no illegal weapons so, but we suspected that he was up

I'm getting is talking just in closing to say this. I don't want to make myself

center this at the end of the day, Infowars

from really successful in huge to like Zeitgeist insane,

and if you take any responsibility for any of that, do you have a human I'm a pervert right? Do you think that maybe you made it easy for some of the people that were going to tack and I've been guilty of this myself by providing fuel no yeah, saying stupid, I got a contact, yes, that's what I'm saying is accurate.

They say it. It's global is funded big corporation. This is what I'm saying closing its come out. We're going.

Release this show. The thing is: it's all left wing, that's where it's weird but yeah, it's a problem because you have

one ideology, that's

overwhelmingly in control of tech, and I

with the model lot of things under



social programs in a lot of it on welfare and universal basic income and civil rights and women's rights

agree with a lot of stuff. But it's an ideology.

Any idea, you don't want to hear you have to. I don't agree with it we're wrong, but does that free speech in it there's a lot of his life? You know. I just learned all this two weeks ago, what I got documents

I'll come back if you want, but you just like your right. I've been attacking the left for doing it and they're the instrumental group. That's caring

now he would think, would defend if you're right, wing, fascist who you get to go after freeze patient. Who do you get the left?

the trick of you trick him, and

right wing is tricking, the left wing and shutting down free speech off confirmed. Oh Jesus cry,

have confirmed, confirmed God, damn conundrum, let's Republican Party, not the average tea party people, the Republican Party,

What is blue blood? It thinks it runs the Democrats and it learned what was happening



come back for a whole show if you wanna my show about no seriously

I'll come and get you I'm gonna be another in March, I'm

Maybe at CAP City, comedy club in Aust promise you're coming home come on, come on,

set up for Joe I'm not just saying this. I swear to God, dude I'll, tell you bad stuff about me. I'll. Tell you better about me, I'm telling the truth here. I believe you at the back. It was amazing, but it's pretty good stuff

does could be a stand up. Comedian. You could do you could transition my problem and do standup stand up. Sure

you could crush Joe, I'm gonna keep trying aligning moody with you telling you the true, very good, I'm not trying to like bullshit. Like everybody else, I'm telling you man

The problem is it so real like every time I forgot was gonna, say what was I talking about? Do you be in it?



yeah the transition. What else did what else got plan? We with the other point, were just talking about social media and Youtube and people being able being

the silence, people and push their leftist ideology or any of the other right wing ideology. Republicans were manipulating the Democrats 'cause. I know your secret, you are empathetic real guy as well. I love you and you

kind of like couldn't handle anymore, which I actually want to be like that. So then you kind of doubt

cause aggressive. You look at it. I have looked at all this stuff

and I have seen what their own perspectives and their own plans are

and they go to Congress and they lie about all of it. They're, not liberal than conservative. It's big corporations

coming up with China.

As you said earlier, to unify the propaganda quote: Influence China. No, do they get all the technology? We

Our open society to totally take over

and so that's what I'm trying to get through to you is that is that they're coming after ever

body, like you said earlier, when



First, a daily, you walk in the office. I was here too much for you to go. I want to talk

the thing you said about you know the censorship.

Once they get us to submit were broken,

What you said was that it was a slippery slope that if you give in one percent you out one percent. I still have this other other ninety nine percent, and then you start moving the boundaries they start moving in closer and closer to one hundred percent makes sense people

exist in these these control

cool patterns, it's real

the card, and they keep asking me yeah like

when are you going to give up? Everything is okay as soon as you do like

you're gonna be okay. What does that mean? What is it? What is give up me and you stop talking so people enjoy watching? This was where it gets weird that people enjoy watching you talk and other people, don't why can't the people

don't just not watch you talk what is going on he's promoting truth. He is promoted truth, but I think what they've done is

they found these little pockets of



things read well that too,

but things now they've got organized ventures that, like I don't put to put down up, I make Jack Dorsey this villain.

Like we have pool is true. They had Millie

the of people harassing the stock and it

packing and lying on he's currently attacking children. He's trying to attack

children of their houses, and so it wasn't the

I got to see a guy's face and

what is a shareholder in a company owner? I'm the fittings

see our winner's name is yeah. Let's see,

the other guy. I don't know the the other guy Jack is a the twitter yeah yeah and as an Oliver Darcy yeah, and it's all in.

That is what I'm saying is I'm not even that guy's enemy, I just I understand, like he had millions of people attacking the shareholders,

yes did you hear about? There's a chef that makes pastries she's worked there ten years at Trump's hotel in Florida,

feed found out who she was and doctor and said, she's a cult



fire her like what does that even mean?

Why would anybody harass a pastry chef? That's a very good question. People feel like they're, a war. You know that's what

part of the problem with all the shit? That's why I was saying be reasonable. People feel like they're at war,

the right versus left, instead of just being a bunch of people talking about it. Trying to figure it out at least take on Hillary route shows are, are are Bill Clinton or George R, Donald Trump, which is why

can pastry chef yeah.

You think I'm both be at all type in Buzzfeed.

Here, Trump pastry chef. I don't think you will at all

Let me ask you this, because I've been talking way too much

in closing here at the end of this transmission. We should talk about a lot of things like those I have



when I was a maybe just tell you this is a fun podcasts. It was fun I go with. This is what I wanted people to say. Well, that has nothing to worry about. What I wanted people see is why I like going out Jones like why I enjoy hanging out with you. I wanted people to be able to see it because I have had to defend that because of

this narrative, that joke you could say I disagree with Alex and whatever you don't need to. Let the left this like make you bad. If I was Charlie,

mention. I should be able to come on your show. I want to call my show all right. We don't have to do this, Charlie Manson,

but I would interview that here's the thing I would interview. If the devil a big blue smoke,

would you want to stay a certain distance away from the devil, the devil's very sexually seductive

you know the delapp. What are you going to stand up? Well, you just please go to an open, we're seeing the devil, it's yes, I have hotter. Now



I've? I've divided just open MIKE night, a devil is pure sexual, so that you know the over. You know I'm not shameless Joe. How sexy is it AL? So I would, I would say sexy. I don't think I can get it up in front of a demon, no, not Damon. This is

those the big one, the big daddy. You know

you never know till he's kissing you, I guess,

could be the next SAM Kinison.

No, but it's something like you know the memory,

That concludes creature, will winning this agreement and yelling about the babies, Jesus Christ. He was out of the top yeah. Do it

then you know you can't we. I am a hoax about tennis one hour.

A little kid, and I was having these visions. I was asleep

I hadn't seen Conan the destroyer yet or come on. The barber was the first remember like

demons like laying on its side, looking guy, turns this big big fucking problem tax, yeah and when I was a kid that was was like thing like I would like like in these dreams. These go as university for like



I was like it's a gay dude like sitting there on his side like this,

a few years later I saw cone in to destroyer. I'm like that's the thing from the dream did, so what I'm saying is that a no sorry you seen like the Hobbit remake yeah yeah, where Gandalf

close to the castle in saurons, not made his body. Yet- and he looked looks like daddy, like that fire I've seen exactly,

so you want to talk about. What's that real controllers of the greys are it looks like

have you ever had a significant head injury

you have what happened to what happened to you. You know they're, going to NPR piece coming out next week to type all drives on the guy that never did that. What happened, what happened to your head, hot men, polygraph,

somebody pile drive you what happened? How old were you is about thirteen thirteen,



so many pile drive you and you had to change your personality. I got up and pushing really thrown that drinking out. I was dad while

so was it. It was like the state wrestling champion Middle and he is

cousin or something in the Dallas is like this is like you know, got me down.

I was never started. Five of these people here is that I'm not a victim of racial attacks, I'm not like Jeffrey or Jesse small it, as I thought rednecks and I got my leg broken

by so this guy pile drive you on your head when you're thirteen yeah

What did you do to your personality and then I had to fight his whole family

his family? It was a game. Changer did the champ, but did do you have any significant change from that head injury sometime?

People have energies, specially especially

seems like you know stuff. Just got better. Really



serious like this. We got to get to the root of swimming, that's good timing! No, I mean that's happened to a lot of my friend Dave.

He was just on here and he was

talking about how he got drunk and he fell down and cracked his head. It's crazy, but it cured his depression

got a little excited by this any

given time, somebody's, a regular guy and I would never start a fight. They kicked my ass, like the average one hundred and fifty guy you're, probably my ass, but when, like ah bunch of people are coming after me, it's like,

better, and I was a kid.

I was bash full time about the head into the concrete. With I got. I now hard now

dropped you on your head. What effect did it have on you? Physically? It was by the field house because it's

doesn't attack me and I beat him up, and so the state wrestling Champ was like a scene



it comes and goes oh yeah it's laying around and he got up on time

that was running like he'd won, and I punched him in the neck and brokers. It had a tracheotomy. Almost

as I getting killed me, is like he couldn't. He

training the ground. My heads bleeding all these stitches right here.

He couldn't believe when I got up and said what you died.

He couldn't understand like the energetic equivalents

he could understand being the nail, you don't understand being the hammer,

do you understand that and then they took

jail. They on some tough guy. My some I'm getting killed boys, I'm fight back, and so do I.

What happened your head? After that I mean I I never even got knocked out in that one. They

Why my I in the ground- and we were like everybody- made the joke- the concrete, concrete cracked was like only

the Congress he he pool



right in the concrete. I like split my head way up. This is true story. I remember just getting that was like slow motion around the neck and the and is the

Lise came that was that story. Did you go to the hospital? You know they took me to jail for that. But let me go. They didn't

check your head. Do you tell them? You got piled trying they showed it up. They sewed it up.

In the like.

See if you had a severe concussion or a subdural hematoma now ahead go been. It may

You think that he's a conspiracy theorist because it got dropped on his head. I think

there's something there's something to people that have had head trauma that become brilliant at speaking thing.

That's true, the and dump the black like his name is his name is Corey strange.

The only reason he won was. He was better or powerful. The main is he is like fucking. He had six packs.



Arnold Schwarzenegger Black did he

waited and gloated while blood was going on.

The last was he yeah and there's way more behind him. But you're you broke the concrete with your head, that's big! No! He did and the concrete didn't actually break that it. Maybe it did, but they made the

okay. So either a dinner got knocked out. He still got spiked on no to getting

spike head on the concrete. Let me choking myself with other bottle for fun. I've never been knocked out, okay, so

What kind of guy that draws told Reuters he had the incorrect hearing correct to see you you absolutely as he barely tapped his head. He would've been knocked out. Maybe not he doesn't matter. Thank you. So

sometimes people get knocked out through severe head injuries. Sometimes they don't sometimes their head.

Trip my dad hold on. Sometimes they never

lose consciousness. You can't think they always lose consciousness. Sometimes cracked out. I would



numbers like. I was a robot.

I will see you like messy she's ready.

You know, like you.

No that's true story. That's true story

and when, when you,

dang, there's something about getting dinged with a punch. You see that flash and you realize that you like your central nervous system, is like thirty percent, funk

so like whoa, verb,

very much with you. She just done it. That's what people say she stars yeah, that's what it was a very. Instead of Hollywood stars, 'cause they'd seen the stars like each stars like ahold,

I think I remember like somebody choking me like guys, like some

pulling a knife out, and you see that knife pulling out here like scoop sure at that point

USC everything for only those minutes when everything

clear,

survival motions.

But then you see like submarines, of the spacecraft



it's like when you dial into that. It's

total war. You say

any friends would choke you out. You have like these long dreams, oh yeah. No, that would be out for a couple of Santa Junior High six seventh grade chokes out a couple of times.

Stop

always be like guys like it's incredible. We do this during lunch and we go back

some of the press on their arteries. Like the bad times. We get your habit be like one time. I remember this one time they choke me out also is like a black knight with the sword goes through and like attacks me on this horse and then like

and then I was like in England thousands of years ago, and I had this wife, these kids. It was a whole lifetime like taking care

for them and like growing food and like a kid starve to death died, it was like

just those moments were, like whole lives, dead, kids. Everything is on sale



like you doll and all those ancestors, and it was like my kids and kids starving to death in, like people attacking us,

so. You think, all that information from your ancestors somehow or another encoded somewhere. That makes

if you think about what reincarnation must feel like you know, when people have that feeling that

this feeling that they lived before our whole body.

These are everybody before us right.

It's not it's not quite exactly so people they underestimate ago. I lived before

so they all live before. They would also explain certain fears that people just have as children like children have a fear of animals. Like you see an animal

big teeth, children have never attacked by K, but their ancestors got killed by yeah. They probably

got attacked by some bear somewhere and you know and somehow or another they got,

they survived that when it makes



how animals learn. Things mean. Animals just know things my daughter, but epidemics tape stuff or they can take

can generation chickens, enclosed beauty did a study on the second years

and fly hawk over. They all ran scared. They fly trying,

but here's the sack shape of log makes all the check ins run yeah because they did the it's it's it's programming exactly

exactly it's why? If you have a puppy and you take it for walks,

one is like six weeks old, it will never be around another dog again, it knows exactly what to do knows how to sniff things and piss on trees. Knows that check for other dogs piss and knows what to do. They know

to do. There's a they know what animals to chase. They see a squirrel. They want to go out early. So what I've lined up is with that way. You know

is. It looks like our species is super old. How old

I don't know 'cause, I can't even interpret the stuff I've seen

I mean I saw like you

Tom Cruise Movie were



stupid Tom cruise movie. How dare you, how dare

No, but Jack Reacher Jack, Reacher, two

oblivion.

They got? The giant landers selling up? Oh yeah you're sucking the ocean up as Adult Movie

outside and he doesn't even know he's working for the system, and so

don't tell you is

literally whatever it is, is like a joke like whatever created us, is like super bad ash, but is it possible that there's not a thing that

created us, but that we are just like every other organism and every other system on this planet. With this constantly evolve,

something that doesn't really have a leader and it's trying to get better constantly

Everything- and I agree- I agree with you but

this is this is where the stops?

sixty Joe you're right, but there wasn't a worm learned how to crawl up the ass of a grasshopper to program. Do that that there was some prime essence that was put into things that did that. That's



get free will and where the top of the food chain, or was it thousands and thousands of generations of failures Thous

the generations of bugs that got into

this grass averages was just killed it and then wind

suffocating to death inside of it, even though they were a parasite, they never figure out a way to get it. Finally, wanna figure it out, and finally, one of them, through some sort of weird mutation, figured out a way to interact with the brain of the grasshopper and actually guide it to the lake. Get it to

jump in the water and drowned it's burst from its body, then swim away,

publicist, but I think it's one of the most unlikely, but if you talking about things learning from things, if things learn from things and they keep getting better over thousands of thousands of generations, but these same things keep procreating. Wouldn't it event

we get to some state word figures out how to do something if it is still up

parasite and it gets inside the body. What if it figures out of

just like grow these things off the top my head and connected to the brain, this dumb little mother,



fucker I can get him to drown. You say the one thing you cheated right: yeah, they do make the connection and all

all the sales go up getting by birds, shit down more

animals eat it and that's the thing I think we're dealing with in unfathomable number of creatures that are being born and dying and new ones are being born and dying. I think

puny. Little brains can't really calculate the exact amount of cycles that it takes. Ok. Well, if you're single celled organism right to humans are free speech, then yes, that's this big openings, one hundred percent, so is it the whole modern leftist thing and all the left is eat, toast that we're going to let things be free, well, the

problem is the left. Aceto's is also the idea of inclusiveness and kindness and caring, like the idea is that they're promoting all the kindness. Now I get it better fall once a date, my five year olds, ok, but

I'm saying is

unless you're a right wing person. Now, if you think on the right, then they want to



thank you, then they want to want to demonize you and if they could shut you down in silence you and find some sort of a bullshit excuse to do so and a lot of

is. It seems like some folks lean in that direction, and this is where it get

dangerous, because you can't it's like

if someone says hey if I knew how to fight I'd run in front of pizza, I just fuck everybody up well you'd be dead in a year 'cause. Eventually, people are going to kick your ass and kill you. You can't just beat people up well, yeah, exactly if you can one hundred and one beat somebody, but it's everybody gets up against you. It's that child childish

mentality I'll just knock this person.

Nothing else will happen like that

know. You're setting the whole thing in motion when you silent some

you're setting a whole thing in motion, and this is

that we're all learning this is what we have to come to grips

with. Social media is only been around for

really short amount of time. It's a

been around in this kind of form for

plus years and we're figuring it out, and these people that

that they can just silence people and shut people down with



did having a bad effect on all of us. It's not right. It's right:

Well, I appreciate you should be a path point, blank spaces, good any. What do you think should be done about

denial of the reign of terror, of censorship.

Middle going on. I don't know,

you know. All I know is that it seems that the right is being censored a lot and when you look at the left and how they've been acting, I mean they're acting like psychopaths. Like pick, you know putting signs up for late term abortions and all that shit

they're pushing that. There's people pushing AOC says: don't gets there. It's

like someone who's trying to get fired. You know when you have a job and you want to get fired

talking to a doctor's helper for the floor.

Call CIA squads and he said what do you think Alex



they want to lose? What's the sign up, I don't know, that's. It seems like they're trying to it's so bad. It's

How much of that is influenced by people that are trying to fuck with the whole system

imagine if this is like stage five russian influence just get people to support later, like figure out a way to get people to support super late term abortions figure.

Way to get people to support trans women competing

as women with no yeah like I'm watching newscasts were like some twenty five year old.

There's like eighteen year old girls. He takes all the

The titles like now guys haven't you know it's hilarious, it's is it

it's hilarious. Imagine if your daughter was up for a scholarship and she had to compete against some six foot. Five man

identified as a woman who wanted to play basketball, I feel a if you've committed a crime if you're a felon, you can't chop your dick off.

I mean I like the japanese model. They said hey because I don't care if you're trans or your duty,



I don't literally of libertarian don't act like I'm trying to suppress pricey, but

Japanese said: hey, you don't get the trans destination less. You chop the Johnson and the way those off it's like hey you get, taxpayers will pay

or you get the vagina bill and you sit there and do it leave like

you know. I think, there's a lot of people that are legitimately trance. That's not the problem. The problem is they wanted to compete as women and Martina

average rollover just caught a rash of shit, but she was talking about it. You know

famous tennis star she's talking about that women are breaking all these record

and, right after she said that these kids number one

and two were trans gender that won the girls. High school track meet just

you know at a certain point. I guess you gotta stop doing this. We talking about competition body because they think there and uh.

Exactly, but at the same time, like I watch like bike race

is in running races in soccer and in high

company. It's a dude like he's not there.

These are bigger than me there like these six foot. Four!



huge soldiers of kick my ass, the

Well, that's that's been Luis Man, yeah, there's,

there's some nonsense going on. There's some people

legit and then there's some people that are just legitimately crazy. I, but like with everything in life, is people that

legitimately, trans and there's people that have you ever give a man wants to see himself as a woman, LA genetic shows the kimbles that happens, that's their issue whatever or vice versa, but like I'm gonna,

watch NFL and like we're supposed to, like you, know

women's NFL and it's

all guys- and they say their women is,

I think anyone last year where the guy comes in with tattoos, a big beard and was in the police report that guy had like a

foot, long cock and he goes do a cervix exam. What kind of police reported this the nurse said? Sure,

does she a vagina and

the report? The man had a foot long, Dick so



supposed to mentally ill. Go okay! Well, let me

You call this and decide that you've got all this. I mean it's just like it's mental illness man, it's not I

somebody that

Look there a woman or a man or whatever that's the lie.

Oh. You need to accept this or you hate ever imagine. If all this ridiculous propaganda really was like the very

the highest level russian,

Meme farm property,

and this is why people the could totally

is this most preposterously leftists, like even things like these babies being resuscitated and then killed like that people wouldn't freak out when they heard it. I talk about that kind of shit and management. This is all

but just designed to make everybody go fucking crazy,

yeah cause. You know, I wish you seems

the governor saying it, and-

I'm doing it and there's this one point we're going to transmission. What is the in game

is the end game out. Everything we're told is humanities. Bad Hooman is wrecking things, but the very invite

no scrubs



for doing? This are all like weird transhumanist antihuman, I'm all transhumanists. If I really get life extension, but

it's all. I owe you die your uploaded, a machine, I'm just saying anything. You see the big corporate media, promoting they don't know what they're doing I've been around them. I have to

talk to him, they don't know, I don't think I know I don't

Joe knows, I don't think Eddie knows, but I think in the spectrum of like

one hundred were in the 95th percentile of really being woke and we care about. Look. I don't like saying well

I'm not never get like three four years. Remember that black one was wrapped around the capital that military drill going and she

common random. They shot her oh yeah and those who,

likewise matter like four years ago, and I had like this outpouring of blacklisters and I'm not just things about money but like a million dollars came in like a week and it was all black people saying



I thought you were against black people, but when you sought cared about that woman being shot by the police at a checkpoint DC, we knew you were good

no one knew she was told a letter I did was

that thinking is in a black woman, is it uh

right woman is, it is

any woman I was taking their report. She went through

point got scared and

the police shot her

the police either on

yeah. There's cops, shooting

woman running away. It's like

would be a better way. You can't catch her bro. No! I agree.

That cop was bad. I think you got it that's what I'm saying is that era, but I'm not some goody. Two or she doing it's running away

just had a military drill for fat river? Was that a military drill? In most?

was the story Jamie. Can you find it? The woman gets shot a shot, but for the White House



someone people how many people get shot in this country every year, because someone just can't handle pressure right in front of the White House about forty trigger figure does know.

To do just makes the wrong decision shoot someone else. We don't blame God, because you use a car yeah, but but

It is true that

have a more suicides, but the rest of half is like people can handle it and uh that was like for five years ago. Here it is

their Capitol Hill, United

it's Miriam Carey, a dental hygienist from Stamford Connecticut attempted to drive through the White House Security Checkpoint in,

Black Infiniti G37 Coupe,

are you a secret service officer, but that's a lie: did they had the main roads and not trying to like anti cock black lives matter? It's not treated. They had all the road shut down

but she was trying to drive through a security checkpoint that could be still possible, that they had all the roads shut

and how many, how much she? What to one of was army right and she went to another and his army, and then they just shot her



and I'm not against the cops

daughter and she had her daughter in the car huh. That's a horrible story. I want to know that, but, but my point was, I don't judge things by money, black people, because that was really a big store at the time

when I came out because I seen the footage I was watching, live him taking

videos of black lady. I said it's a black lady and

what the hell this woman was like they

like oh, my god, he cares about black people, yeah man, I

about whatever the color they are

we propose that moment. They like all just bought product, and it was like this out-

boring letters and flowers thought you stood up for a black woman, I'm like dude, half of the black people incepted in this country are aborted, show.

Those planned parenthood groups out of real number yeah, like sixty percent some cities. They



hired. It was all set up. Margaret Sanger said we're targeting black people,

and you know what the other day I see big population as he dumb white people done black people. All these people I get like

too many people in some areas there are, I can get a little bit. The point is: is that

that you care about him when you're the KKK Democrats and you've got

british singer shut up

you're doing all this and I walk out of a mall. I won't have him all to years ago in Houston for the same black user, like group that was yelling at yelling it at the Covington Catholic Head, saying you're all nazis when they attacked them are the same one that cover their like black people. Black people are God

and white people are the and we're gonna kill the white people, and so I'm sitting there walking out of this mall right Trump got elected.

Houston. I remember 'cause. I was over my wife. She went like a burberry coat or something out visiting family



these black guys go we're going to kill you. I didn't hate him because they were black guys. They were literally nazis and I remember sitting there in that parking lot walking across, and I said well, if you're such big men

right now and it wasn't my wife. I challenge you see now when I get to kill you or just getting stuff saying

I cook a whore, we gonna kill your ass. I want to end this show on a positive note. I'm not against black people. Do I know you know no one saying that black people are like that.

One percent is not even 110Th

one percent. The point is, is that I've literally go to black history like



yes, I turned around. I wrote a story about a my website way way back in the day to tell her to hang out with them or not. George Washington was a black band. They had all this crazy interpretation of the Bible. One guy would read the other guy would like repeatedly towards Washington. They were saying exactly the dress up like superheroes. It's very unusual organization. Well, yeah this everybody was glad. I was a body double no! No! I know you were. I know you weren't there with the heat you know his take on. I mean I don't think it's a unified front. I don't think all black is relates across the.

We have the exact same ideas, I think,

we gotta end this. It's almost

I've o'clock still five hours. Yes, five! Don't don't hit anybody, let's be friends!

Fifty thanks coming in men and keeping this thing light now the only place to find hisinfowars dot com and newswars dot com. They blocked everywhere else it is diva.



But when you haven't, you have an instagram page, so you do have an example

unplug it a little bit. I know I had to hey there taking everybody free speech. We got

whether I agree with the white supremacist black suburbans. I don't whether I agree with the Scientologists believe the Muslims. The point is, we should agree with free speech and say no to this and not have some sell out to China, where

just to go to China. He got away all your rights here here out,

translate. This gentleman will see you guys soon probably brought tomorrow

Definitelywronginfowars DOT, that cell visit that site

and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to the so right. You can get twenty

off the so right so

gas release device? I guess you would call device the device have to move whatever it is, is fucking awesome. It release,

is hard to reach muscles easily and not just for the so as muscle you can use it on a variety of different muscles. I use it for my shoulders. My back



it's already twenty percent off on so right, so PSO

dash r, I t dot com and

Amazon in the USA. So, with this coupon use the promo code,

Rogan all one word: you get an additional twenty percent off

a super, effective and very convenient device.

You also to liquid ivy, go to liquid I've.

He and use my promo code Rogan and they're gonna hook you up with twenty percent off

anything you order on liquid ivy's website, that's liquid iv,

com and use the promo code. Rogan! Don't wait, get hydrated today,

a and last but not least, we are brought to you by D d, p yoga, even though he doesn't want to call it

DDP yoga, what's called DDP, why

It's awesome whatever? It is it's yoga with an extra twist that I think it makes it more difficult and it's probably even more effective. You can go to DDP yoga



com, Slash Rogan, and you will see a video of an incredible transformation from this disabled veteran

Arthur Borman, who had been sent home one hundred percent disabled by the end

video from all the DDP yoga that he did. This guy was running and doing cancer

hands. I mean it's really really impressive: go to dd

E Y yoga dot com, Slash Rogan and they're gonna hook you up with twenty percent off all the D. Why workouts, whether you invest in the best bang for your buck,

your seven day, free trial or the D. Why yoga D

yoga now app the DDP

yoga now app, it's all one word



or your old school and you want the dvds in your hand. I'll still give you three months on the app to try as well, and that's it play some gentleman. That's the podcast! I hope you enjoyed it. Yeah crazy right, see you soon! Bye.


Hey everybody March. Thirty want to be at the coffee at at the MGM with young Hoon. Huge clue should be a great time, then

April twentieth, I am

the Arlene Schnitzel Concert Hall, which is in what the fuck is, that.

Portland Oregon Jesus Christ. We had a crazy shall folks will tell you about.

Crazy shell.

And tonight I'm advice.

House in Pasadena. If you get this, it means probably by the time you get this you might have to like run right over there, but I'm at the ice house tonight with Bill Burr.

Bert Crusher and Ian Edwards. Oh shit, what a goddamn line up sold out, though so,

fact, that's it. I got a bunch of stuff coming up. I'll did Buffalo tickets are gonna, go on sale now on the eighth, so seven days from today, not today, but the eighth

ok, all right

 

Eighty. This episode podcast is brought to buy Jack threats, Ojo Rogan, DOT, net Ford, slashed tour. That's how you the dates: Jack, threads Jack straw, that jack threads. Why Jamie? Let us look lovely Bonanno January. Their pants shit jet with this with Jack threads

They have all their cool clothes, they have a big name, clothing brands and they have jack threads in hell.

Line and you get to try them? On

and you make sure that you're a hundred percent in love of the items you ordered before spending any money at all, crazy,

of seven days to decide. If your

New items are working for you. You try him on.

Second opinion. What do you think and then

You decide whether or not you want to keep it or pay for it. It's not a fit. You don't to worry Jack gives you everything. You need ship things back, including packing tape and

 

a pre paid shipping label all completely free canker wrong. How do without Jimmy? You doubt right, you can't you can't go to

afterwards dot com enter the code. Word Rogan. When you saw me

you try out, for twenty percent of anything, you keep hats, Jack threads dot com code, Rogan to save twenty percent on anything, you keep

never by before you try again. The lot of companies have some really goofy tag lines you supposed to read, but that's a good one. Never by before you try again is to the point: it's exactly what they offer.

 

I approve, I also approve of nature box. Nature backs, has some goddamn yummy snacks folks hour. I have told you about these before never hurt me talk about Shariah cash use, their naughty, treat their so good. Hell opinion caches too, who also good

guilt. Free, don't worry about in cash use, they have all sorts, delicious snacks lots of different options

including no sugar, low sugar gluten, free and nature by

sends you these things in a box right to your door.

Whose snacks want the over a hundred snacks to choose from and are constantly adding,

delicious new snacks. You know what I like to do Jamie. I don't know if I told you this, I take big apple bit, get big

big island pineapple from pineapple from Hawaii. Why?

ride and then I'd take cash. I put it in

 

the pineapple like a little Fucking Shariah cash. You taco

thus the sour bitter, like cotton, mixed

with the swedish pineapple and right now,

you can save even more because Nature Box is offering the fans of this show fifty percent of your own site. You wanna, be a fan like you might hate me and behave listening ever hate listing it still save money, go to nature box, dot, com, Ford, Slash Rogan for fifty percent off your first order. That's nature box, dot com,

forward slash. Rogan were also brought to each and every episode by on dot com on it as it,

total human, optimization company and war

trying to do is put together a war

one stop shop for shit. That gets your life in gear.

Whether it saw strengthen conditioning equipment, people listens, pie

 

cast know that I'm a big fan of kettlebells, I'm a big fan of things that promote what I called functional: strength,

what things I'm been doing lately folks and credible

as for shoulders that I heard about on a podcast, I do not remember

which podcast I will give you give credit when I do I'll come back to it, but it was bottoms up. Kettlebells presses,

so you take their cattle balanced and oppressing it worthy on the heavy part of the cattle

well, is below you arrest in your holding onto the handle? Instead of that, you flip it so that your balancing it and it's an

printable stabilizing exercise for your shoulder. Oh my god. It's amazing!

of it. My talk too much go to the honor to catch

the audit academies, an awesome link on the website

sue to a section, the site, that's filled with hundreds of articles,

on exercise on

nutrition, nutritional absorption of differently foods and different

 

vitamins supplements motivational videos. All sorts of poor articles on different kind

of working out the benefits of them and foods and shit like that.

And I also a physical on an academy, an amazing Jim in Austin Texas, which, with all of our

export state of the art equipment and tenth planet jujitsu.

It's a really fantastic place to work out a has an awesome vibe to assist, get a real, healthy fun like active,

young vibe to it in a lot older folks there to it just a bad ass Jim

Our com used the code word Rogan and you'll save ten percent,

of any and all supplements this episode,

episode, nine one one and I worked very

hard to make sure that episode, nine one one aligned perfectly with the arrival of Alex Jones and, of course, if our Jones Gonna be on a podcast there's no way. I could not have

 

one of my favorite people on the planet, earth more. My best friends and a fucking bitch

a fine conspiracy, not Eddie. Bravo with our Jones.

Starts off fairly, saying I'll. Let you figured out a way out.

Good God. Damn time, though, and I hope you get a different feeling of outs Jones from his pocket- so that's

ladies and gentlemen, without any further do eighty Bravo and Alex Jones Logan Exe

Ryan's block the stars have aligned. The prophecy has come true Alex Jones.

Eddie! Bravo together on episode, nine one wonders episode. Nine one wanted to black. No I'm not! I had a fucking work hard. All week did grind out podcast,

to make sure that I hit episode nine eleven we booked it. I knew I go. Ok,

 

there's a certain number of park, as I have to do to get this. The nine eleven today,

and I worked it out and we did it. Let me just say: I'm very envious. Cuz, I'm a

to the under bright lights, and I've talked about going back to when I was just on radio that darkness. We can really think this is a wonderful studio.

I'm gonna do a studio, my next one with a fire pit, I'm gonna have,

Mercedes and outside I've talked

but it's like primitive it triggers in its comforting feels good and it's kind of cool lighting,

So that's in the next studio we build them and build a fire. Put me, get some law,

some actual real fire, you can only

do that like certain times a year and allay, though like when they went.

Fire season. They would let you do that shit

we will use have like a little balcony, you're like a little outside courtyard, what you're far pittance.

Gotta given, I want a real fire pit and you know like I feel like it,

I have a fire eatable sharing bachelor, yet each have actual law should maleficent alive part of the year, and I will too and then we'll just have to be more involved in the jungle and create a whole, renders

 

here's what we're Talkin, dialed rubbish, Latvia, helicopter, secretly Bessie and take happily where I think that

you're could fix a lot, we can fix a lot with that. I'm sure

You, like a decorated, corresponded for the news now fucks going on. What do you mean

you mean you earlier, oh you're, out, like all official Whitehouse Guy, now right, Don T like you're, actually

the news guy

hundred sent legit will verify the setting of strangers bureau and stop, but that's just part of it, but like you're nude in deep with the Trump administration, while I've

tromp on and I talked to him some, but I mean really he's your buddy really. Really it's just that we're covering the resurgence of America. What made the country great, lower taxes, empowering the people bring people together

the opposite of what image said. What's happening is made

media is literally almost dead, its collapse.

I mean look at you. I remember

dinner with you like six seven years ago. Your idea, we got a million dollars a week now

 

ninety million or whatever it is our minds, and twenty million on Youtube and for info

it's somewhere numbers. It's good

its forty million. We without any is eighty five million people. Listen on radio Attune individuals in one way

that was election weak, but an almost forty million. It's just cause.

How can they compete with that? There still delusional there

We see in and shows a million viewers Fox thinks it's the big swinging deck. It's got three,

million- it's all, I'm sorry, p

translating and broadcasting to geriatric comes in

She foxes, CNN and nursing homes. You don't you see that within ten years old, ten years at the college and beyond your of experience and its volume,

and it's always other folks. It's amazing yards.

We're time as an end. It seems like those shows where you have to tuna from eight to nine and you'll have to sit through the commercials, that's kind of

gone away because of dvr has now people just have to wait a few minutes. He could dvr through all the commercials, or you record things after that.

Out of every you like fifteen years ago, saying the inner killed television

 

announced that you have you watched, gonna, kill it, because how can they compete with what you can

on the internet. You know a guy get screwed by a horse or whatever it is that you can be with all these crazy does China they got Jack by the tiger today. I did say that unless we re actually use yes, we're gonna, be, let me not pay admission, it just go through here. Will they even shot at the tiger, so the scattered the tigers? They shouted the tigers to get em off this dude and then, even after the

Oh, it's was shot off. This tigers, like not fuck, datum, go back

and any ran after they shot item and finally killed a dude, and it was all everybody's got their phone up.

Or a film in areas as the greatest augurs pelenore known jumped in he jumped anywhere to get killed.

Really for mass yeah you what now this? That was another guy who went in with the line tredick averting the Christianity, Turkey, the dagger

whenever the Bible he's trying to convert.

I'm lying, just fight him

 

I was crazy about that, though, is trying to convert a. Maybe he was just like praying. The motherfuking line will need now he went in on his own. He was talking to them in the name of Jesus is like talking to it. You never seen it Jamie, pull it up.

You haven't only problems getting serious. He got

in their unease is talking to the lines this mother Fucker just jump the fence and decided he was gonna

Vert lines of Christianity and lions,

apparently like way cooler than tiger what is going on here, that the tigers see people and they just fucked him up and meet the line like barely fuck, that guy up just

That's because they're they're more tribal.

Or more like dogs pack, animal there's only cat to Japan,

or a group, so they're not yet as agro

exactly a tiger seizure, Euro matured, where I'm going to kill you tigers are totally different. Beast like Tiger sometime

like adopt an orderly animal like

 

a dog or something might be looking on it being nice to like all elements aimed at the other word stuff lines. They remember the only way

see this before with those animal

attack videos, remember those animals. We started the same. Why there was a start off with the dog tag. A dog

making a male man and iguanas out attacked you'd leg, and then its

We ends up with drunk Mexicans

our rodeo on a wild, blue with a rope

Those boys are smart is how they drag on these drunk Mexicans and they drag their heads along the rails and just rush these deeds in between the railing, like some serious,

brain trauma, yeah vicious brain drawn. They need one worth it with just a hundred per cent of that

because I was the most exciting shit now Jones, how the fuck is tv

 

compete with that. You don't want to complete our kind of wrong. Noakes Netflix is TV and its also the internet. It's like both things

you're in its the power of Hollywood debates, disperse though he had well, they mean look it's better if it gets

ability to get your work out, gets to more people, it's better, it's better. If anybody

do you like the other work irritation in these new Youtube stars are going to have to do, is get

you stand in front of a camera. Zero production value, their know how I mean to do that if you get a camera, you gotta connection eleven you to show people find your interesting all of a sudden,

got millions and millions of subscribe banning any was bringing up

fact for your audience up front,

of Emma and says on this big rightwing guy, but you guys know

I was really against George W Bush, where you were arrested early on in the Bush administration. I remember one when we first became friends in

Eighteen, ninety nine. We were

running around the White House. Are the the state Capitol long extras with wooden with George Bush?

 

you're in senior masks on, and you were always again sure the Bush. That's why I supported trot is the entire power structure, the media in the Vatican

the communist parties are shot, Arabians all put money in and said: stop him stop him and the lives of the Russians were giving money was no proof

the issue, is he simply trying to actually be president and not have special

interested in their running him and that's why the whole power structure is against from so any was ass. Overrun went, live well House,

you're this outside yeah against establishment, but now you're for it, no trumps, trying to create a beach head, just to explain it, to try to take the country back and actually devolve power back to the states about the people doesn't mean he's per

but notice the stock market went up a trillion tuna billion dollars. You just know last

month or so, because a lot of institutional investors and I was understand with trot you trying to create real

prosperity, not about yourself

Jerry and to pitch drop to people.

The issue is that there were major intelligence agencies and and and patriots in the government who are sick of it.

Having a more sick of of

 

of Hilary and Obama backing jihadist groups of eggs.

Their role in those groups shop right now they really

standing up against them and this is

historic moment and end so there's been a counter coup through the electoral process,

in our country and that's what Wikileaks was that wasn't the russian

That was U S. Intelligence agencies. I said two months ago,

but actually winner in New York, Mabateans husband, the former congressman,

that was workin for Hilary. I said that he's under investigation for child. Ok.

Now. It came out yesterday that there looking at adopting patrol born, I had that from it.

Why do I came yesterday? Yes, while why would it what did he do? He had something

computer well now that they will tell us, but I was told that tied into that whole pizza gate thing

once again: the media misrepresented what we said and did it came out and all those wikileaks,

These weird coach, ok, like day there was a bunch of weird code,

 

about pizza and about a piece of peat. President Obama watched sixty five thousand dollars and hot dogs delivered,

they're like are these really got hot dogs items? One is good last our leaders, succulent dogs and cats

about kids. Aren't you have to be what isn't had about its male prostitutes and me that's what the code mates really yeah? Ok, yes, how

male process it to keep two fuckin Marcia workers of bad things happen. Every doubt federal child porn

It is possible for Anthony Wiener, but I'm on record months ago, I'm on record months ago saying that that's that

because I had those sources and sell the government good element,

the government, no, what

go, and I saw the media, the metal misrepresented and said: oh look at fortune their time, I think I'll pizza gates

pizza place in DC and the media looks at it says: oh Alex Jobs is claiming model

as those having was pizza place. I'm like what is this, so they divert some probably innocent pizza place

 

extract of all the emails that New York police have and the FBI have that just this monstrous reported pedophile network, so that its credit that they will create a fake story hope

We jump on it too then divert over that story and then once we're on that it devotes everybody offer manfully winner words.

Which they report, which leaves reportedly polar larger network, so their plane,

far ahead to their their literally attacking a pizza place with fake stories just so that people can focus on that and take attention of Anthony Wiener. Yes, because I was connected to that story between acted too pedestrian stuff in disaster in New York and all the other. Crazy steps are less anglers because we're making a lot of like long sentences hearing a lot along statements chairs little it. But let's, let's fair alot of people that we go with a fuck is pizza gate.

There was this Ben Swan Guy. Who did this recent piece about it in a lot of people got very angry. Did you see the peace? Yes he's a piece it, he did

It seemed to me to be pretty measured and he was making some

 

actions. To between that look, let's that symbol for child pedophilia, yes and or just pedophilia, rent and dumb the logos, the logo for the pizza place. He also

made? Did he make the Hasta connection with Podesta while it has stirred

firm, chow, molester and and and best bodies were pedestrian in former speaker of the house, and then you expand on the night, but let's puts too Stuart step at a time is really kind of important stuff. So that's all

send true right. So it's true that has

it's in jail is true. That has to do is

known pedophile, that a judge called cereal pedophile right. Yes, true, his honor percent, its true the pedestrians friends with faster. That's a hundred percent right, yes and then all the other stuff

now becomes odd. Doesn't it become odd in? But if you say it's odd, if you look at it, this bends, one guy with it's, what I thought was he was just kind of expressing what is weird about this case and

when he did it, he got so much shit over our kind of shocked. Us caution,

 

people calling him a moron in Berlin, and I got the same thing, but but that's what I'm saying they build a strong man, but imagine tat

of emails come out with them? Talking about we'll? Have the kids ready

six, seven and eight in the hot tub at this time, and

see anything like that. Gets you it's really where where did say that it will lose emails, there's reckon thousands of, but it said, get

kids in the hot tub. Yes, I never saw that Greek

You see if you can find a dream that seems like US

holding so bazaars, we're gonna have the kids delivered for entertainment, they'll be in the hot tub. Now these are great kids, but kids can be kids. We know it's fucked up about. It is how few

people really mention that connection to hast her. I was thought that would be a huge huge costs,

no joke. I love the fact that admiration, your true that, with your very astute, I just bring up this whole big topic of how they twist things. You go right to the key points. That ok

data being Barney, Frank who got caught, run

 

a under age. Male prostitute rang

in the nineties. Out of his three story

Town House he had thought it was just a male prostitutes somewhere. I re summertime. Urge

but listen was. I was with them all up. The aged nineteen plus

and whatever german, but then what happened is he goes on

the ban on the house floor and says, if you

teddy investigators. I'm almond expose, have you that are involved in this. In this room and investing

she got shut down the reason this is important as

shadow government. You need something so bad that everybody

involved in it. Ever ever comes out will be destroyed so that binds them all

secrecy, so that's where child

we're not goofy comes in, that's where pedophilia comes and that's where you get so many of the elite being into it. But just as you shit, you have the republican establishment trying to get hammered out of nowhere.

Rustling coach to Rhine for office, then reportedly he's the

your clear just like Penn State and just

they have sent a dusky Sandusky

 

the under age. You know here they were quote mentoring, getting farmed out to supposedly big down

what's. This is where we were talking about two very specific cases where two very different cases, but it's crazy, is they're both real, both real one hundred

and send dusky who was a very respected man. The community did alive

The charity work with young disenfranchised children and was much

asking them at the same time. And what

super respected in the community and he was the right hand, man to Joe Pedophilia, so that there

right. Now there s a Franklin cover a match, then that's that's up in other. What does it see? Jamie says we plan to hear

in other words, a sea Jamie, since we plan to heat the pool, also possibly body

will be over service to transport, Ruby, Emerson and Maeve Luzzatto, eleven nine and almost seven so you'll have some

further entertainment and they will be in there.

Poor for sure. Why enough fuck? That's only

 

and I'm gonna have a real confirmed, email Jesus

selection. Here's the problem, so I have

Why PD telling me before they elect

like a month before? Yes, we're investigating winner child porn photos. Gilaks employees do not just have not just have kids out on the internet that but kids he's communicate.

Where's and their parents are basing letting them communicate with him. I'm told this by Nypd detectors,

I mean the secret service gave me. Information about glory was collapsing overtime member. We reported that and got caught on tape

So we shall all this stuff goes on and on

and on

So I'm not saying half the people or or not

percent of em. You know

Where are guilty or innocent Malta's all I know is we start

covering it start asking questions. They then

divert off.

To somebody on a forum pointing out there

some email about a meeting at some pizza place.

In DC, we're top democratic, go. They then turn all

 

and I'm blaming some pizza place. I'm sending shooters and issued people at a pizza place make up all

it's crazy, ass crap! Whenever

would set any of that. And then you go back to me two months ago, three months ago I said the police have told me there investigating winner for pedophilia,

all born when it was

what is now known as examiners in the got this robot lace Sloan before we get it?

I got go back to that. There is a quote up there, that that Jamie pull that I wanted to read the one of the lower bottom about this. Now this

the emails? May you were talking about, and these are a hundred percent confirmed emails, go back that one that

on the bottom,

girl, doubting and unobserved. Many of these people are guilty get. What is that it highlights the rebate hold on a second here, so sick

grown ups with two toddlers into infant spread throughout the house and sure enough one of the top

was rubbing my nose at five, forty five, what the fuck does that mean the FBI?

 

I got back to retrieve the children they throw in the towel and what I don't know man says I gotta know what the fuck, those emails mean: buddy,

Look! Let's just now! Everybody wants immediately shoe this always disgusting, but they have met eleven impossible. Why are we talking about two very specific proven cases? Hasta proven Sandusky proven real huge elite

powerful people that were also active pedophiles right. Yes, so that's a fact:

you know each other and are bodies, and then you ve got protesters brother

whose bag in Washington, in an article into

thousand seven and the large imposed on maternal evenings

headline, which was something like radical art or something and its

now get out of the neighborhood kids in

house and then their showing it. Throwing in your face.

 

It's it's issues crazy, but that's not even if I get into, but there were, but there is something to that because some of his art work with super disturbing that he had in his house like low it turns out. You have all noteth pink butts

there were in their underwear and it looks like they had been paddled Eurostat with their butts, faceless issues very budget more about this than I do see, and that's all I do is cover these real takes only if the Nunez within Israel, the government got pissed off about this, the pet of always about so big that they intelligence agencies.

The legal all this info and they knew

This plan is still the election. She did steal five states according to the experts and Privily. How did she do that would any of its without listening to break into six day? Let's not go on these strong line ran with a bunch of different statements that are to be addressed shirt. So, let's just from right there you gotta get to that. I caught it. She steel, five states can kind of gloss over that.

Though she tried to how did she trying to steal sixteen. She did still five states. Well, beverage is a big liberal, big, democratically HBO documentary out democracy raise a leading experts.

 

She was actually a month for the election. Through whistleblowers got the actual code.

That had been loaded on machines all across the country, chevrons studio to steal the elections

hacking, democracy and I saw that they did engineer those voting machines that you could have a third party input and change it and non live on the show, and that was a decade ago,

Bush. This is new. Ok, just wanna she's, the top election fraud expert.

She comes on my show the stories on events.

Dot com

she says we ve got evidence and then I had they hacking

John and I had the industry whistle blowers on, and I have to tell you

Officials on at every level. We have a fraud proven that democratic connected groups

Eddie loading Code on a machines all over the country, but it's different companies, but about things eighteen percent machines, the country to be able to remotely break in and and

flip votes show because they were aware of that, a bunch of states were waiting and watching and homeland security broke in, live in the six states and kept trying to flip the reserve

 

they even screenshots and videos of them in the computers in their clicking undoing

well there's major investigations going on. You hear the news when trot

crazy. He claims illegals voted to make it about illegals. That was one statement in a larger election fraud. Deal of actual computers show. So trumpet

about all this, so she comes on. It says there planning as front there. She comes

after the election. She says. Yes, it's clear: here's where

things, clothes, here's where all this happened, where a hundred percent want for Hilary or right after it closed all the votes

then came and we're on a per raillery. They didn't even care, but the

and so I was so big for Trump. They couldn't steal it. She success we saw

five stage she tried to break it

six others or her controllers did and got blocked that these

mommy for tromp was so huge with the real

and we can break now later that they still won't I

to steal it, and now patriots inside you S, intelligence agencies,

are preparing to roll up the pedophile networks nationwide. So you see arrests in Pennsylvania,

 

arrest and allay. I haven't seen these arrests who's gonna write just now. Breaking and judge its big

Patricia wiser on seventy four rest: twenty eight sexually exploited children rescue during statewide human traffic operation, the gettin lily, shall take over right, holy shit, look at the numbers, their foreign and seventy four people arrive.

Stupid, but there are only rolling up the wren fields that get the people for the psychic vampires.

Let us now insane is it that this is still happening right, so all the people that thought that this idea, that you know

women, whether they try to make a ridiculous? By calling a pizza gate connecting connected to a pizza place, everybody they thought that was ridiculous. It is not ridiculous that there could put

actually be some sort of pedophile ring and she

They tricks and reducing other Turkish. They go pick. Some pizza plays problem

Their people go on

economists also message board sea and in New York Times washing

the same day, come out and say they all that

 

you're discredited from New York in California in Hawaii, because there's this innocent pizza place over here,

some of the democratic go to and they're all saying, that's where the pedophiles or it ok. So then the internet, all those in looks at that and start

trying to prove this programme assume that all there must be something going on there. So then that turns,

that all into the big quagmire as a smokescreen from all the admitted stuff. That's happening because it yet I was told by

Nypd high level sources that that they ve gotten

stuff on Weir's computer that just got scooped up

during the whole hacking store

in the whole story about Hilary, only unsecured servers and that that was being blocked by Obama.

And that is suited to thank God and they would go back after wiener then

talk about former section chief from a CIA that indeed this was not

creation of a running against and restart leaking all this and so on.

 

You're beginning to see is the beginning of all the pet of failure coming out as they roll up the procures that grandeur, kids out back yards or the go out as social workers and get the kids or whatever their rolling, all those up right now to get the rent fields. Redfield brings the people to Dracula. Could at Seattle

commissioner. I know you are so they're going to now role it up into the higher level groups right now,

here's what's going on with a lot of stuff. If we are to have any real, careful and hey describe these things and high talk about these things, because people look

for any little tiny thing to discredit it and one of the reasons why they look and doing for personal reasons, because

It seems you you'd. No one wants to be ridiculous. No one wants to be a fool

No one wants to be someone who's talking about conspiracies that aren't real, so people are very hesitant to talk about something, that's unproven, but hers-

July us just like cry. Fifteen years ago it was a conspiracy theory that that the Catholic Church

they pedophilia. Why are we not thirty thirty percent we're doing it? We now know the old

 

hope had to step down was blackmailed within four

but other high level praised by the new gather, came in

Ministers. Heavy stuff is another of the catholic church. Stuff is absolutely horrible and proven over and over again

and again when I was a kid. It was rumour who was just

were whispered and we hear about it and now it's

wondered how they're getting away with it did so on the open. How come there is more. There are shy, kick vampire stealing the energy from a kids. What the most common

thing they do like I get our own in jail, most common thing they do. Is they find very troubled? Kids that don't talk about people with foster care,

kids with no parents, kids,

from really troubled background relief. But you it's all of you who are abusing Sandusky, ran a abused, children's geometer and growth and then would take the kids out

Sometimes overnight it rich people's houses to make him feel better, yeah yeah, that's it

 

to believe that these that the assistant coach and then all these powerful people, but when he finally got caught he was raping.

Old you, the showers at noon.

On a Saturday at the field, house

and someone who work there found it watch did happen. It walked in on literally in that's what

Would it all fell apart? Engine always emphasise guys, get more more arrogant. It's all I'm telling you it's, I'm not saying anybody's guilty of these thousands of emails. You go Rita,

It's like the last war

saw she brought wasn't very good, oh well, these are good

call you're gonna to I love walnuts, and then you go region

Fbi break down what that's code, for which called for a moment. The digits means people, brown, skin, Jews, cursed, poor,

Well, you don't. Gunderson was talking about this for years at the edge

former rediscovered about shouted in LOS Angeles. He wanted. He was there,

the la sector. So people are gonna hear this. They gather all bunch of pizza, gate truths. Skies are bunch repeatedly truths. There's theirs in

 

Inclination to automatically dismiss thing. Let me be clear. Let me be clear. I am on the ear covering fifty topics.

Where are? These emails are coming out? I get

charges of one of my sources by people in the

my pity, I get Shit Doc,

let's follows their licence law enforcement. I talk to these people

Then I say: yeah, oh, it's horrible, it's much pedophilia! Yet

It's about child porn. It's all gonna come out its tied all these different

and I'm just like. Ok

I go on air and I say: listen. I got this from Real Nypd Y and other sources and then Eric Prince of black water.

We still remain the biggest ribs and world does he run some sort of military operation in the

by arrange our Saudi Arabia. Absolutely. The point is that here

This is the way

we can argue about it. He knows all about it, but the point is that all this happens and he comes out the news.

Ok through the lighthouse organ bright barred

 

rising from trumps mouth and says. Yes, we have confirmed hollow

pedophilia range in the Clinton operation

we're gonna, bring him down, and so that's what,

all this is: why did bright bar tweet about that in two thousand eleven December, that tweet Bright Martineau about came out right, Bart set out to bring out the biggest dancing to bring down the Democrats and they pay.

And they were either in California, initially poisoned absolutely the gilded. Where did what happened? I didn't you know daddy death, but he died of a heart attack. You are you laughing fake laughing, pull up the ladder you just now. I know you're a media, pull it out my job, I won't buddy. You know I love you anyway. The bright bar email or the bright Bart tweak its created internal Joan is all about us. Whether tweet is pretty insane when you read it. You'll like way what the fuck is going on, like every part of its Theirs

 

instantaneous reaction that people have made a great effort at our set of instruments right, you're right, you Johnny people are doing this to kids. You don't want you to get the fuck out of here. That's nonsense gather, but when you tell people about the stuff, that's been proven, the ones that have their own account that old clock that all attach, though I was on air, saying I'm told

by him why PD, unlike Threed Everett, shows and others gonna come out at wiener, sending child porn

in the nose. What they're saying whether accusing wiener of apparently ascending sexually explicit tat,

to an under age girl? That's! What's against the law, it's so the college!

porn, but is essentially, he was sending pornographic text

with fifteen years now, while I was told it's a lot more than that, what are you doing? Does just what it really is a minimizing it, because a higher up Serbian told you to let us out. Let me tell you: Wiener supposedly had tens of thousands of emails. Wiener should be fuckin comedian for sure he's a freak.

He's got real problems is good communicator, Betty's hilarious come on

 

We think all I know is, I do not see even weders pedophile. All I know is, all I know is listen. We all know that Jerry Epstein, ok,

and now I don't know about your lolita expert ashes, Google, that and what is that built? Let me live on Twitter,

flights first said: oh, that's right are generally not an issue that has a simple in it and then he was also

this this middle eastern country with a shriek? That's emitted, pedophile, with with multi million

checks and milk went on applying and we'll Clinton's unknown social, predator? Ok, so all this stuff's going on and

show me short, bring lawsuits against Donald Trump with Jane Doze, claiming he'd been with Epstein.

No proven the logs. I make you log on private jets, none but was ever drew.

Here is how Prague, Prague pray

Progressive guru, John Predestine is in household name as world class under age. Sex slave up cover upper defending unspeakable,

 

drags escapes me early on did John Podesta. Imagine his baby M M F Anna, without, as would be covering up for

under age, sex, ops in age and hate crimes against blacks, ha them means what is M M F. Faye young Jamie media matters.

Isn't that Soros Yadda, Sorrels Soros, but also guess who owns the pizza place? Who promise when, on its media matters Head Guy David Rocks,

why for him, and that is where they have major democratic party, fun, razors, and then they had. They had wrought man's there, that

that gave alive spoken, word dissertations of the love of children. What you're talkin about guys like Garth, drag, come on, how much they love children. Have you seen this year? I don't worry

 

PETE, but they really put up one. Does a video of them saying that it is in commerce commenting on so in what way is

in this? It really is a very, very bizarre subject, but why,

side. So what is this

you bring it up. Jerry Gimme, some via or which she is here. He likes

So what have we reached?

this

he does super

 

with that, I'm not lying comic ping pong anybody listening was described for that person. Look like that. You were wearing a wig, a blonde wig and it was a guy like you are addressing transvestite or a woman whose just smoked every cigarette.

It's one of the two, but this is a fact that was going on in their place.

Really odd, but that sound like someone add living we all have preferences, are trying to be funny

it's almost like nobody's looking eyes in the in the

Russia in its little more than its all, our work derive their lotta creepy artwork, and I wanted to that guy Lotta creepy our work, I mean dead. That's a fact. There's a lot of fat

So it's one of those things I would like, but I'm not saying they read anything and you're, not saying that I'm not either that's what's really important,

I never even really covered this stuff, and then they had me on the news and also Swan going. They said these

people were killing kids in a basement. They say: ok, maybe

Kelly went on and took a club where I was talking about.

 

Irish funding jihadis and Obama, the arab spring that killed tens of thousands of people

thousand people, thousands of children. Now Al Qaeda was putting kids, which is ISIS intersects sex slavery they

added to that at and then cut together on Fox NEWS

me sharing and Hillary Clinton oration kills children in a basement ping pong p

They literally now added audio, but I was able to change your audience. I was able to find the day with video with what I really said and throw it back in their face. Bob wow, that's really blatant

That's it where's is, can we washes where, whereas as they did, Sir Isaac Newton S hand the company comparison yeah, it's like Megan Kelly caught a giant lie fallow shown try to find that we should put. We should play that, but I don't mean to me to get our main Kelly, so pretty she soon. Folks, once I wish it was like old

any a lover. Damp desolate

an old training here, hilarious learning, not like all trainees, we're think she's hot you don't like it. You don't think

 

Kelly's? Not why insulted issues are globalists

slow, bothers me, she's pretty do no jail, she's real ugly. She do you think that sheet what she's moved over to envy say you think she's gonna change to now and go for the literally see wants to be the quote. New Fox news shall they'll be than they're gonna Glenn back. I was concerned

but I hate conservatism libertarians for everyone, and I can t cultural, so she's gonna go whether it be the conservative light and try to get some writings. So it's

like NBC, realises that's where the money, as we say we want to see a fake news, is made from making Kelly on Fox NEWS. Defiant m o careless player. He would go give some volume how this whole pizza, gay,

conspiracy, gun measure. We have many controversies do these days. It began with a tweet on October, thirtieth days after the FBI announced they be reopening and investigation into Hillary Clinton. Z, males someone on

twitter, whose name remains unverified, but has several thousand followers posted that new emails found?

 

non Anthony winners. Computer confirm that Hillary Clinton was involved in a pet of failure. Ring

The twitter opposed included information from a facebook user, who stated quote my Nypd source said it's,

much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking in India,

National child, enslavement and sex and off from next day places nobody sex now that this is probably them caught trying to debunk us

They do. Is they misrepresent we're saying shortly

whoever these rob people were, or- or I don't know they are saying. Oh look, Nypd says it's wiener and all this she how they were saying none of that happening now

actually started to come out. I don't know how far how deep it goes, but this

when Kelly, let's let a player and respond to it out. I was managed not ceremony, lethargic. Ok, do you know what I mean is it is the right one book user who stated quote my N Y p d source

said? It's much more vile and serious than classified material on winners device. We're talking in internet.

 

No child enslavement and sex ring the next day. The bogus claim was picked up by a webs.

I called your news: wired, dot com message boards like fortune and read it right, wing blogs and several pro trump websites.

In four wars Alex Jones how far right web host posted it.

Youtube video seen almost five hundred thousand times contractors personally job right have zero fewer standing up against the rumour spread, inspiring some new found internet sleuths to start digging around in John predestined hacked email, searching for proof and location of the so called sex ring. What they found were numerous references to pizza. Now, here's without Jones actually said resistance to pillory

 

Can I think about

Hillary Clinton has personally murdered chopped up

right? I have zero fears standing up against european right. Hillary Clinton has personally martyred children, cannot back the trees anymore

religion is one serial killers, the planet's everything's gonna others a twist to that, not all about the devil.

Story with her chief of staff or campaign chairman

the menu of blood and seamen and body parts.

Mr Crowley of the private event.

No I'm sorry about that. I mean two hundred thousand plus dead Christians.

Or operation with Syria and IRAN

in Libya and not let the Christians get out and directing Al Qaeda and ICES Butare

 

and minor children and put up their sex slavery and throw catholic priest off cliffs and kill people en masse and murder gauge and everything else you can imagine because they don't like peaceful people and they caught him.

I therefore open society. They live

everybody anything they do is for degradation and could have been killed in society. A restaurant,

Oh good reason: people like Alex Jones and a conspiracy theory that even the Deasey police say has no basis. In fact, yes back of wise and

 

It's dangerous! What had taught her sorrow, sombre boyfriend to drive across foresight lines within this all rifle and enter a family friendly restaurant at three o clock in the afternoon on a Sunday I now read, it has banned this topic on its website having slowly but surely those who help fan it are trained dial it back out of the safety concerns for the safety of lemon endangered. By really biscuit happened to anyone. It's not just us anything,

no person. I know you said our producers, it's also surreal. Until the gun comes in wild and then some your being here so they went, they got you do they got the full club. They cut the front

knowing I was actually saying- I don't know about the Satanism before the term pizza gate was out there, but I do now

she's fond of the radicals. I came, I saw they die. You do ripen, kill and got up kid. So she personally is you were me,

 

in a very provocative statements, and he made a very provocative statements by saying something kind of crazy at first desk

and backing it up, and so

They decided to do just added a chunk of that, and so they don't really have to edit and chop it out, but they did.

Take it is. I Zionists limbs were his hand at a contact and said that I was completely Riah weren't and I was talking about the Spirit, cooking

Mr Crowley stuff for the lady is written. It's real for her and they go

little kids these parties and they have that's a blood. That's one thing: if you want

don't want to do that, you know issue some art project. This is real and so on

about the many were there in the email saying you have plenty of blood

seamen for you and other delicious thanks the menu and he's like what are the juicy on them,

mega. Well, we're gonna have cheese pizza, we're gonna, have we're gonna, have the not sauce and we're gonna have the pasta and we're gonna have you know

succulent hot dogs. We know you love sucking hot dogs,

Oh god, I wanna go back to the question of why the best hot dogs,

 

it is a got. We dogs and Obama, want sixty five thousand hours or thought I deliver. The party will not be there and then it's in Stratford this

I? U males that got leaked by wikileaks that now people cross reference where the CIA are watching or not. Look at all bombers, your cargo, another hot dog party, while the did the earth

I don't think so. Amr is a party with fifteen days at that is issued. The point is now: they can blackmail him with this

and this type of crime, or that we never got pedophile courage with Obama yeah. Now it's it's men, I mean.

Tat is trying to say the Morocco. Burma is a homosexual, zany, bisexual. How dare you later

who cares? You ve ever seen him with a man. You know this is true

while sitting with men walked out straight, maybe just likes to bring due to have conversations with em. Maybe he just wants it. I heard a tyrant people in the head of the free world. Maybe he had a party with with sixty five thousand.

Job maybe loves our dogs, sick, fuck? It fuck this diet,

 

president? More our will, and now this is essentially a thousand. Not sixty. Five thousand dollars is born, that's more than a thousand times. What Gore may not those with dollar peace to dollar, seven hundred

what website super gourmet five dollars: apiece reach our press,

it needs a hot dog helping hand. One of the turns out. He was like a ten time. Hot dog eating champion is like one of them. That's probably one of that's, probably ok. Let's say

like and actually just really legs hotdogs here Alex Jones like this

for Heaven's sake, for how sixty five thousand dollars five dollars per hard labor, but listen with Ino Yogurt. Those delivers someone's gonna make em go grind it up put in the casing. The whole deal maybe get a Gore may hot he's gotta put those can might have put in to get us some giant party- some I am out of his job party, I don't know, but

browser behind all these are code for male prostitutes. Ok, maybe that's what

I'm saying is anybody who skeptical anyway

 

he was looking, doesn't want. You guys are so fucking crazy. This is so

you're, making such gigantic leap of faith. No leaps!

just look at all. How would the weird codes

in those emails? There is definitely some

and I know what I mean. I mean job after this one. I am effect my crew actually got mounted the os will be restored by the treasure we're about

days and others, and the news heading and picked it up and all my crew is doing. Is all day reading thousands of emails, I mean there's thousands that are just related to food and hot dog and kids and hot tubs and kid deliveries, and

and in all the spirit, cooking and allow Mr Crowley and

be seamen in blood. I told my career, I said it's

probably true knowledge?

I believe a stop obsessing audit and stop reading these emails, because I want to focus on the election and everything

the temporary solution,

I'd start, accusing me of covering up the they Podesta step before its call pizza gay

then I get blamed for being behind,

 

it's ok, I'm only the bitching, I'm explaining what it's like to really be trying to get at the truth and the people take the fact that its complex she but

does that mean jobs you now to put stuff out clear and parts it. I just know all this crap where you get crazy ass, they ran people won't listen to me too much data

what this is like,

It's yours, I'm sick of it. I don't know everything is going well, but out of this I have good CIA people and FBI and secret service. Ok telling me yes, Alex it's worse than you know, keep getting up, it's gonna come out and it started to come out and saying watch when we start arresting the pedophile networks, we're gonna roll up. The Democrats and Republicans are involved. That's why trumps it

the speeches at the inaugural. This is not about parties where

again these people on we're bringing God back in even stronger that wasn't very religious, like Trump has gotten

legit learning about this

We take some prompts lotta devil worshipper and he loves God and he's been briefed on all this and he's a role there. S up to the pedophiles better, get ready, which a clear some up right now, look at the camera until it, but you know Bill Hicks.

 

I take real stuff and I was chosen as research documents as so he knows. All these little points are making

conspiracy apertures? What have I hears? What happens? They think it's a flattering to take real stuff noticed

Research documents as so he knows all these little points are making better than even the dynamic. Remembering Stephanie brings knock. I try to suppress after

how about you handle anymore amount of forty three and I'm sitting here? Looking at all

and then- and these people country illustrate that go hey Joe Joe seventy five times and

Turning on New York, you know it were not just honest Alex whenever it where my fuckin name is shown by the programme is already enshrined in Nigeria. Canada say bill. Hicks

they say no ears and I'll be on

or are we to restaurant and the commitment to go? They say: hey Bill Bill, bill, minerals, your openness expertly.

And, and- and I turned around- you know what you all, because I did a few

 

pieces in one little video with a guy that lives in Austin that you knows how I met you with the you, don't look like Bill Hicks! That's! What's ridiculous about it like what you get like massive plastic,

Jerry changed away your voice sounds like your voice is so different from United on saying. Is that no one ever wants to look real conspiracies does are complex and our donor stamp they want

go with the earth is flat

you others aliens open only to capital dinosaurs, our real or no, I mean less and the point is to get a badge any Eddie as it could have a free open my, but he doesn't promulgated stuff

only resurging, what's been said. So I would just get

now the way I am bill, Hicks, I'm. Actually you are

how a bill like sixty? I think he died at thirty two in nineteen. Ninety four.

So do the math, and I want to get hot in Here- is really

Eddie. You know

my studio, really call D. What you did

 

get crazy, you're a goddamn, illumine inferno melting. You know how it is alot of people that don't know like how you got started, but

I think that that was really bizarre in that thing was that lady was calling you are right wing host of far right wing host.

You ve, never been a right wing guy and it's it's a big misconception like you were always

Thirdly, Anti Bush, you got arrested speaking ass actually before

we're Bush was even allowed. Did you were trying to stop

from being elected back when cool

and was glad when he stole the larger from Gore, who I didn't really like. I still came up

expose. It has now been certified Congress and there they ve document.

I just go with what the facts are, but you ve never end.

One of the things that really open my eyes is a really important video. The did nine eleven road tyranny. We talked about the world today

organization, protests and how

it sent in these people in government uniform

so government issue boots and these anarchists there

dressed in black, and they its

 

that. This is an actual tactic that they'll used to break up peaceful protest, although send in soldiers or

we spent or whatever the hell, they're hiring. No one knows and they sent me,

people and they smash everything up. They started turn into a violent protests, light things on fire and then they all holed up in the building.

They negotiate their release and none of them were arrested and when you showed this clip by clip from these various

news organisations a new focused on the kind of clothing, their wearing the difference in their behaviour versus the behaviour of all the peaceful protests and then

the result of it, which had these

people who were walking to work with a double tee, o sticker that at a line through it.

Police stop them and said you can have that sticker on that book bag? You can

after you bad things. Now you hate, I might not have even been cops me who knows who, while he waited met,

the media always spends it exposed pedophilia, they blame some innocent pizza place. You

 

both the government, random, costly, bad things. Now you have not even been cops me who knows who? Well, you may, admittedly, delta force that make sense gel to force it, I'm not bright, but my blasting delta

they were given the order by Clinton to go out and recruit, and they recruited just about four hundred leftist foundation funded grips funded by big private foundations. They train them for about a month before in Oregon

they flew on their put him in a government. Housing facilities on the news letter is.

Local news, did retreat to a building and negotiate their surrender and they were released. The irish yes, yes,

but when this was, after all, this property damage aims, are you know they went out to start the attack? So

Had it on video, so they could then attacked a hundred thousand peaceful protest. So this was something that

between we dont what we like to think. Just like you, don't like to think too pedophiles a real. You dont like to think that any

in the government, whatever organise some kind of an attack or something

a fake event where a bunch,

 

people that you hire to start

smashing thanks to make a peaceful protests, look bad. We don't want to think that that's possible, but it is Botsey goes on, but it turns out that this is actually a document to be attacked. It yes was the deputy o, in fact, Esquire about two years ago, was a profile on me and that of the guy is dead

a former CIA section chief in MID may involve much stuff himself and I told him I said yeah Delta, for

ram those riots, videos, you're a liar- and I said not

He wouldn't googled it and could later

the Seattle posts, intelligence and stuff and then even went and talk to journalists,

no because he'd been there covering it as a journalist and he didn't

even know so. He says. Let me ask why article ok, I'll show you got me there.

Even though I grown up the sea, I am stuff I do know that was having, but but let's be clear, its criminal elements,

using compartmentalization illustration that do this. They always claim. I hate the government

have a war and all other stuff. No, I have to give credit to the good

 

elements of the CIA and the good elements of the USA. I'm not good friend. That's a very important point, very important point about this point with a friend of mine who are talking

Adam. Does I've had might Baker on the pact ass before and through the

a few conversations at over how it might bakers formally the CIA. I get you I see.

Start getting an understanding of how it works like these drug dealings. That always, we know one leg jets crashing. Will the coke on board their cowboys? Like a few,

Do you want a sad Santos diffuse due to realize they can make a fuck load of money if they sell and there might be a lot of people involved, but it's not the whole CIA. It's not like. They have government memos on it. Well, I do still have a covert option. There running the president says: do this late hour,

it did not the cocaine dealing. I dont folks are involved actually for the points he says

our economies knocked out cars that are given the funding. They go. What you do in the government, as you go, the president said: do this we're we're men of action?

and we're going to do it shall then there's cocoa.

Already make sold the conference. Are you

 

to get other funding will screw that will just jacket, bring an end using private contractors by another ever got what maritime they did and I got very pleasant, you're very zombie Vietnam to but yea was that it was a common tactic. They knew that there was money that was being made from selling illegal drugs. Why would they let that money be made all round them? They're? Not

we D Leslie argument as you don't wanna, let the communist do all the cocaine narrowing, ailing or because then they have more money than you we'll move where the fuck is going on here.

Understand it's just this crazy at your talents, how much heroin production went up since our

prepare for anybody can pull this arguments with frustrating as a lot of the fake

Relax. I see myself as a real liberal, but a lot of the fake levels

oh that's a lot of people. I know you can see

ouch engine opium production in Afghanistan, pre, two thousand and one and then look at the?

later years. It's come out like two thousand fourteen fifteen. It went from three percent.

World supply to seven percent

Thirty percent and

 

ten years of occupation. It went to ninety three percent. Look at another level supply, so look at the heck. Tat went from memory. What was I write? Well, you they were.

It's pretty substantial increase between two thousand and one, which is at an all time low and this chart from ninety for the two thousand, and sixteen so too

thousand ones an all time low and then

Next year it fuckin skyrocket job at Google BBC and I pay just type in,

Afghanistan, ninety plus percent world opium production.

A very small ninety three percent illicit initiatives only also for like opiate pills, or is it just forever than ever it? So it's not like oxy contents and think I'm gonna be all they ordered the trips to the Taliban works well and was allowed to grow up and

they're allowed to sell it to whoever wants to buy more notches. That there's been documented, confirm instances of troops that are being forced to guard poppy feel sure will have a library downright when this

 

come on Fox news with her all de Rivera, absolutely that terrible that came out of your ever. I broke it and give it to eliminate they work. It comes out,

that the trips you're being all right. There goes. Ninety percent of the world's supply of opium, according to the United Nations, has added it. Ninety three last year that live as well.

Years. Always a couple there's like three years old gets two years I'll say it. It's gonna. Ninety three right now to Jesus Christ shut

like I said, ninety three and if that's what it is, but so, but it s so frustrating, as you know all this and then and then people still call you crazy now what Alex? Why do you explain the fake news sites? Why do a lot of people out there? I think info

wars is total fake news. Why do they think

that is a major deep state government programme funded by Soros, Mainly- and I found the most effective way- is anti. Israel, bashing and sewed

on the Wikileaks last year, that U S, intelligence, led, not the Russians

he's in there saying we're gonna overthrow Israel

 

the old Saudi Arabia and we're gonna like up the Annie with Anti Israel rhetoric on I'm, somebody was neutral in Israel, never been there,

had nothing to do with that. Israel has liberal

the servant of some good administration, some bad, but I'm not

Anti Israel, two tiny little place. I know it doesn't things that are bad compatible.

We done it's nothing, so I just don't have some

hard on for Israel to hurt him and

if the policy as everybody else thereby knows that show

show when they killed Israelis going from a regional saints wrong when a white phosphorus bombs

Palestinians ceilings wrong. Show I'm

their covering all that and then they just put out.

But this israeli agent, you know all

long around the CIA militia. Let's not get into these crazy. Iran's about crazy accusations, explained of events news. Why do they think info wars wars has taken? Is I don't know you that a lot of people out there? Smart people really intelligent date them they think they're. There

real news is CNN lunchtime. You got attacked

from below and above you, ve got major funding by

 

sorrows and others is a real live nazi collaborator like true doktor evil and the latest James Bond was based on his Rilke accompany it's even named

where's Cambodia, the bad guy in the movie. Is killings actually Soros yeah and he tried to crash the pound. Bring nothing.

These really bad news. So am I six aging, but

long story short about George Soros, he's

funding this attack on me and any independent media. How do you attacking

media when the public's awake, deep state and government stuff, you say Alex, shows as the government and then they all

ignore real facts. I talk about who I admit so my family work for the government and they said the girl was correctly

control. That is even a real debate, but but above that, what was really question here.

The question with a splash was lighted, amounting correctness explained the solidarity. Let me, let me just explains pretty easy. It did there in direct competition with him. If it's

ox news of CNN and end of its anybody. Distributing news, you're, indirect,

 

competition with someone who was an independent news organization, they operated themselves, they do in online jobs, you showed it perfectly. That's it Alex is in a very unusual position because he's a magnet people to people

drawn him like a lightning rod, says a lot

crazy shit. He goes on. Ramses, very animated is fund a watch and alive

of this shit he says, is correct in we're getting into this right now, like this. This thing about the debate here, which

like I said, was one of the first ones are really open night. There was a long time ago to those, like you, put a video on those two

thousand two or somethin like one was that today

three thousand one hundred

right after nine eleven right after September eleventh and on the web of that, exactly like dvd or somewhat before that. But you just said

so we actually thinking codified this now, because my problem is idle. I say

it's kind of all the map, which is a good thing, also bad thing you just thrown it. You have your question why they call me footnote. We just saw Megan Kelly too.

 

Before the election Shea and a whole. Our long show special lichens fake news. We want a few minutes of it Alex

the king affect nourish pages

hilarious chopping up children inside it

when a pizza place now grant

I was saying it in satire about her in the Middle EAST, so it beg for the particular context, but they clearly did that to deceive their view.

She's branding herself, I'm real

you can trust me little. This poor victim Alex Jones almost got him killed when none of it was true when none of it

your based in reality and what I want I was getting was from the Nypd, ok and the FBI, who are good

people release. Those agents shall there's an exam.

Of the branding, taxing Etienne they'll? Take something

real said, or they ve taken videos where I'm acting stupid.

You know, would like five acts or six eggs underwear are given the illegals or whatever, and they showed with underwear. On my head and say, look this

 

It's crazy! It, however serious topics, so they can taken out of context. But when I being serious, which is ninety percent of time, I tell people but one

comes in and we ve got when a valley show ideas

our idea is talking about. You know: kidnapping people start

laughing earlier. We had fun like you're, a normal person, and that's that's what people find hard to believe when I tell people on friends without you,

You go get the Fogarty Argotiers, very guy, scrape I

we'll get time together over the I shall you're, a great guy. I wish we aren't

also busy and hang out more like an old ex, I know. Well, we can do it, I'm going to come back to Austin, I'm trying to get to Austin. Probably the spring turn figure out when and when and where I'm going to

but I love Aston, where you live as a fuckin beautiful place. Well, I know these topics get me in a quite frankly exhausting the hour for they are, but but I'd like to sham today,

really get into the big picture and what I believe is really going on, because I figured out the basis of what's happening and I'm gonna, let you I mean if you and your some far out stuff,

 

volcanic as we experienced, I'm not gonna, throw it ok go! Ok! Let me take a piss

god I was always so slight com. So are you Eddie me I get near enough

Kyler round we're gonna, bring it down we're gonna like bring it down earth every now and then going to launch into orbit we're gonna grab me by your heels, bring back we're gonna, be fine, we'll get to escape

and then tells us it. There's a bathroom may vary through that door to arrive.

Or for love extra owns so far

Bravo everything you wanted and more o absolute under sit near Lehtinen, just leaden, letting the people let near

fans know that have never been

Fundamentalism hours Jones every goddamn day

take a day off every now, and then I look like

do alone

a good guy. You know he has always been a good guy people that don't listen to him, that they believe what the man

 

in media has said: oh, yes, but also he makes it easy for them by saying crazy shit like Hillary Clinton, chops, babies, knowledge, stuff, and I know he's doing it for germanic affair. Since one the reasons why show so popular because he does la things I got, it makes it easy for people to dismiss them, and then you go.

Into this thing. We're ok! Let's before you dismissal, let's look at what he said. What is he said? It's true and they look at what he said.

We thank you said today so far, so many of operate all far everything that he said, it's just

his radio show. He doesn't have any teleprompter, this dude can talk,

four hours straight for now. That's a thing. No one need wind of doing a lot of podcast, especially doing these radio show shows like Alex as by himself we're just ransom, ransom, rent for long periods of time. He they develop, like a certain, must

like there's a lot of guys who would do their own party, like billboards per example, disown podcast by himself all the time and he's got this a bit.

 

He took over just rant from one subject to the next subjecting keep going and when you have Bonaparte guess it's just you just can't. I gotta get out of his way. So with Alex

It is kind of gotta go freedom. Some subjects get out of his way, but every now and then he does so many subjects in a row I gotta bring back. I gotta go. You got us. Ok, let's get to this one. How did she stealing

you just can't ass over there? Let's get to this? Ok, let's get those broke down. Pre did a great job, and this is, I think this is going to help people have seen Alex like that.

Is going to help people have a chance to look at

whole picture of just forget about where you're loyalties, Alai, whether you enjoy CNN or Fox NEWS whenever it it just

sit outside of it right now and look

it. What it really is because what it really is. Why is anyone want to give you the news?

giving you the news because they love you are

giving you the news, has its programme and they're trying to make money and do they

 

have access to certain people, because it willing to play certain games most likely when you're looking

something. That's on a major league television show, whether its Fox NEWS or NBC or CBS, or whatever the fuck it is. You ve, got to go through some say

Sirius channels to get there just had each if Europe,

I would suit tie good evening, America and you're doing that, got that

that guy on any of those major networks. You had to go through some fuckin, serious hoops and ladders and checks and balances you gotTA represents

something in order to be the person who reads the news. But what is that

four. Is it a fuckin show, or is it

the news: are they really trying to help you? What are they trying to do?

No, why why are they doing the news? Are they doing it?

love you and care for you, and I want you to be informed or they doing, because there clearly biased,

They ve got an agenda, but if you watch

Fox NEWS and then to see- and I just go back and forth whenever some going

like what I did it after the election as Like Fox NEWS scene and Fox news. Cnet, its quota focused

 

tell the truth: someone's gotta be lying. Why you foxes lying won't! You

looks like this one story. We here is a totally different story, we're so all

need to know just looking at that? Just forget about what you are with the progressive liberal, whether a conservative Republican just look.

That and understand that you're getting all of your information

these sources that have a vested interest in releasing their particular version of the truth ass I could for anybody. The represents the barbarity that how do I foxes?

Totally me. I want you, no matter what you do on given Freddy Bravo, to give crazy bring out the hatch. I hope that people listen to your show the people who live in the law, as all members want to get going for once did it still is to bring out the whiskey

all I want like for me. I don't want to be.

This conspiracy, guy, making money and and doing shows, I walked

from my podcast, I started my conspiracy. I really don't want to be.

Conspiracy, guy it so

 

thing inside me is wants to wake people up. That's all I'm trying to do.

At alternative. I'm trying to help. I make money off any conspiracy theories. Everything I tell myself every time I walk in here, don't say,

conspiracy with he's gonna bring out of umbrella Exam Black Africa, where there is a big failure, was role with you later. Oh shit back surgeries. No, you said so. He says he is ass. Ninety just had a desk replace really it's. Finally, guy you're actually can be with you see I have every now and then don't you want to be like on that site

I just have Apple a act.

They don't waste, Donald that Whisky Alex Jones. Listen. Let me give you guys. The big frickin doubted, ok, poor, that we say that I'm willing to give I'm abortion. I got the thing figured out Poland for aiding. I gotta figure now Gus

you mean an usher. Parliament, may you, gentlemen, cheers

 

I wanna keep my mouth shut, shares to you out Jones, here's a u buy stuff

bore so one side or the other when it comes to this was so much in tissue pace and regarding the show much calling about don't have Algerians on about. While there was a lot of that, there is not a bigger com owners racist should someone said that to make our Jones in one of the least racist people you ever fuck and meet your life. I've never even heard you say a racial thing, race is so inconsequential. Do you know what you think and what they stand for? You ve never discussed race ever in the almost. What do I know

sixteen fuckin seventeen years. I've never

when you discuss raise it. Also someone calling racist like

you're just like all. They do all terms waving a rainbow flag, say he's homophobic. There was a guy walking

to me in New York. I was there after the election was there for the? U have see was right after the election and me my friend campaigns walk back from the jam. We, what we went over the jam will walk back. We walked right into the fuckin protests and theirs.

 

Guy that was standing next to me,

Greening Donald Trump

k, K racist sectors. They had TAT gay KKK, races, sexes, antigay, just kept screaming Donald Trump than the caretaker is a job for you.

Stories? Racist? Are you sure there's? Any discrimination is generally gay guys around to see those of hotels.

Friends with them, and I gave interviews the advocates twenty years ago. It's all just come

Leap, Meda or scrap waving a rainbow fly,

aren t speech. He says Republicans have to stop being mean gay people and, after being close him he's about to enforce civil rights laws for

gaze and others and they're calling him a literal homophobia.

This is probably not decide. Now bs man this it, but this is my problem with it. My problem with it is that people want to use a real you're, a big you're. This Europe

 

that they want to come up with a nice quick label that officially, maybe you in that makes it boxes. You lean images, aligns you and then you have to defend yourself. Look. You said it,

at the beginning as diatribes, not perfect, he's a man. It is also a super ambitious super wealthy man. It's constantly on the go and those kind of do there,

type, a hyper, aggressive personalities and he's

said so should he shouldn't have said right dummy. Don't you agree like generally older than this, the big

One is one that he said in confidence with that Billy Bush guy, the ground by the pussy thing, that's the big and who has it in confidence, especially,

you're famous man, it's crazy woman, throw themselves on you, you do anything, you want to actual solve a woman's climbing up on top of you, you can do whatever you want. That's what mammals do she showing she wants it? She gets it and then they turn into a sexual assault. It's pure

 

We did have a woman said he. I guess I can see that there are other. Could you scope and grab him in the balls? We would. We would laugh or thought in reality just talked about how she fuck any gosh wants is walked up the ground by the deck we would like vigilant, rising told. We would think it's amazing how these out my group is, he wasn't talking about it. He hides behind bushes and works for jogger learning, reaches out and also context, he's out of context he's having a guy conversation. Wait like he described in a locker room and there is a whole, but this how assigned window recorder gonna like at this- and this is not defending it means- is definitely not

something should have said, probably wasn't all agree to that. But what

you really doing he's really what we call talk and shit

Edie. I had talked shit so much to each of the latin saying things we totally don't believe we totally don't mean, but we're trying to make each other and show you were worse, Ellie, Etienne, ire, silly all the time you had a transcript of all the key

 

Relations are you and I have had the fucking seventeen years we ve been friends, oh shit, we be in trouble, can't put it on air we'd, be in fuckin. Real taught me that you're gonna content Rowan on Facebook measures into that live video, Yasmine, so funny. Watch this

the tv show my guy that shows us and then a Sousa turned the camera, and you want to sell us that wasn't meant what was bad, but it was my off the cuff. Aren't you know you weren't censoring while forgot? What I said

so our marijuana involved this conversation

for every hour had the analogy somewhat. These: are you dont like them? You dont have to wear so loud. You dont have to worry about Alex Jerome.

Is here seriously address what do the job and actually reach out here?

so hundred hundred and ten million. Who knows how many months now

knows a lot about a month. Twenty million

you came all the derivatives and everything else you're doing and I raised about on X, and we still do not know now not on the excellent I'm a lot over. The point is that you're one of the biggest shows the world. Let me to his wife, not hearing him. He'd know this continent as a signal to the mainstream media of apathetic. They are seen in

 

top show has maybe a million viewers, their average seven hundred thousand foxes top show. Maybe four

in an automobile, united, ok, great good for them and not competition. While the point is there, a friggin Joe

I conservatively everyday and rational radio, have four

investors on my plus stations. That's right! It proven make that's big right there and then

millions and millions of dollars. Every day, tens of millions of people watch the videos you out altogether forty something million a week. We go back to this. What's happening:

it isn't about Joe Roadrunner AL shows ready. Bravo, any that it's about the people are hungry for being here.

Have a wider selection of things. Why are you in a wholly different categories? Zalm trying to do is give them interesting content. You're, actually try

to run a new show and expulsions. I'm really smart commentary. I watch clips olive. I have people on tablets, talk, you tried, open minds all the time and have an open mind the different. I must honestly what I'm not anonymously, not trying to open minds on being curious, Num, asking questions and I'm trying to learn as much myself and then what

 

do learn about things. I would like to have that person come on to teach other people around, because I think it's interesting well. Here is the big show out of revulsion. We want a billion, lay the sound chaloner and I'm wearing a documentary down the road and actually break this down. Glad

There is a whole breakaway civilization than I am

did you have ass yet ready? I don't ever talk about this for real break

way civilization. Are you ready, Hoddan, Joe

we think that I tell you over the years human

too many that true there was a couple that you are wrong. You all right that we're trying to kill people,

the context, not mine.

Mr Byrne? That explains why

If we want it's ok. Conspiracy theory is just not trusting criminals every now and then you can in that murder the criminal, but still a criminal, even though you're wrong. One of those things I'm actually embarrassed about is the watch. Ok, ok,

Well, listen. You're not accounts, but you're, not a computer expert near my. I didn't go anywhere that night, my stay fuckin home and I was waiting for that goddamn

 

Howard, Eagle Asher. I never knew a minute, but since then twelve I didn't know about damn the Mayans we thought it was over. I think that paragraph two and two thousand twelve licence in December two thousand well like I did. I was just about the S very strong tobacco from Mexico, dynamic. California. This agenda is one hundred percent medical reasons and legal yam and is still looked

There's a lot of things that people think you're gonna happen. They turn out. Do not happen is always a goddamn asteroids, gonna kill us all that there are still important here. Is the news outlets? So what

What is going on aliens are coming to levy universal limit before I do this, when I answer his questions, yet a written question to me

Why you care? I want to give our support. Ok, this is one of the

you things that that I have really gotten wrong.

I didn't go in my gut and so

was proven wrong and I did it for the long reason. So now I'm in actually confess your honor,

 

I was on one radio station. I've been on access tv for four years. One radio station already started to show to my house. There was, unlike fifteen real estate.

So I had that at least, but I was wondering radio station had the top show at night

all station with Howard, stern killer is all of the newspaper had huge ratings and I will bring an end.

You're. Twenty forty random Muslims reject a huge amount for me building whole operation at home.

They cover the cells, guys they go look for a year. You ve not been my why you came and

not let this evolutionary sponsors and we're gonna. Basically, we fired. If you don't, let us endorse these sponsors

and have a minor and show you believe in want you can hold on a second. So these sponsors were like doomsday stuff like can food and shit and bankers limiting ourselves even further. They gonna like K, lights and lions, but about the standard wants to make all the hundred Castro the station made. You push why to Kay why

but let me go further disorder. The few times in my life tat. I say I didn't

 

integrity. I kind of let them convince me, but I think back to the point in the conference room I just kind of went: okay, okay, okay, sure I get it and then I will

and then, once I decided it was true. I really pushed it so it's almost like

myself because I'm being honest about this programme, so so this is what happened.

For a year and a half, I'm saying it's bs, it's a government hoax because they're, like the Navy says the chips are all bad and fifty four cities will completely fall and it's all the death. I said they just want to upgrade with all this new spiral.

When new global standardization of the. U S is telling me

active ninety six. They want to force all the new chips zionist resources, then that I was having on ok and

realize how special wasn't have resources there. Tommy Toby S, people don't

you were the Navy and don't want, and Fox NEWS had agitate your food, which is everywhere.

Someone hell, ok, stuffs gonna, be real, so was like a black Friday for

like a wide variety of the last few months and furthermore, or was it a farm anyway?

 

they didn't, but the moral was how to convince myself. It was real so badly,

and out at the course they like you're twelve hours beyond that data like five at some totally insane. But it's like nuclear reactor having a problem here and really was happening and, like you know, oh and there was a missile fired from Russia.

Which like was an icy Vienna like shot down. That was ABC News. I'm like

this isn't really happening. Ok, we got for perinatologist

there are probably going to react, resuming problem. Well, there's some stuff. So there was some

Jesus problems, but

government and Emma SAM had hiked it. Then they use

two demonize alternative media. Even then, when it wasn't catastrophic, so my gut told me it was bs, it was bs

So thank God, I missed the whole twenty twelve thing, but still

They said Alex Jones as the world's ending the bureau. Twenty two,

 

We're pissed at me that I wouldn't go into this thing. That's fun for them see when you start talking about the end of the world. Are doomsday come and people like that shit because it gives them something to think about, but there's a lot of people on future. I know manatee gives this year was a long time ago. Seventeen,

them see when you start talking about the end of the world, are doomsday common people like that shit, because it gives them something to think about what is allowed appeal on future. I know mannerly jobs. This year was a long time ago. Seventeen years ago, right, ally to Kay seventeen fucking years got at least ten thousand twelve then get you survive redeemed or so you came back out on seventeen think about seventeen years ago. That's a long time ago I mean you getting fired from that job. Every

radio guys got and fired the Howard Stern got fired, you got fired.

But allows parliament just hours after fire. I met top ratings and they were all pissed and weird about the wording

 

they met with the losers. They were all flipping our cause, the big paychecks

Well, it makes sense how's it was assigned, and White UK thing totally makes sense that they would want you to really push that seven hard, because who the fuck knows.

No, you get scared. You like whether lives, because Agnes College, the Navy, said what's gonna happen, wash imposed now you're

There is a real enemies, the want our ok, maybe I'll go to it. I had

one. There were telling me there was,

something that was gonna happen on two thousand twelve. They were sure of it here.

My revolver guarantee piano. Is there not a bully? Don't you just you're my doing you start like stampeding like Linux, its ambition alone. It is like a single going on this massive double.

Crossing. Is I really used to be in India? You fellows,

but the more you looking to you I found it looks like,

Another conspiracy intransigent was like the government.

It must be the sole NASA deal and when he came to the meeting

couldn't do it out of the sky well and

 

Stanley magenta meet with me is heart, blew up. It blew up like like a bomb in an art like they set his heart like completely rupture,

while the point as it then was Raymond Tee. And if you look at mission control,

He was the main homage of control that control the cameras and everything, and he

he and I believe this house. He had national security. Letters from the president, he'd run like see.

But operations in Cambodia and allows using airforce engineer

he knew the whole deal, and he would soon what hold they would say. You do meet with you and tell you everything I knew you would come and start gulping and he couldn't get it out, couldn't get what he said. He was so threatened or whatever he couldn't tell me

about? Do you think about how you probably left now laugh and losing the car around, and why you think those gentlemen? A lot is whether we should allocate resources are right. There were advanced technologies

we were worried, astronauts might die. They had two teams in orbit one

but the real ships? This is not a joke. Joe wait a minute,

 

they had one meal shimerdas ufos in an orbit and they were communicated Kennedy and the government everybody and next they're gonna. Have this giant thing about Americans number one and not have a backup later the Ashraf Stock puzzles

phones back on lost your fucking mind is guy you ain't going to hold on that. Let him finish there. We are,

Tell me what you trying to say. Are you trying to say that so the dean

I still got ran and she was gonna. Give me the secret of NASA. Ok and then

Could never get it out you here in order to arrive a second programme in a second

program. How do you know he die and he told me, but before the heart attack in them

hardtack second to none?

met with him of the old sat command literally, actually tell you look forward or not what

He told me he said your d said from your analyses: resources you're dead on

Why was in control of the video and radio communications, and he was the bureau?

 

these checks on tv or minutes they run at that point, the guy control can was on mission in rural, wasn't ready to back up. What are you kidding? Of course, the

the moon, landmines, are you getting come out? Will you raised it? You wanna know come on that's ridiculous now, but

I don't trust the government. That's why don't trust in me because they ran they? Do you want to spend money? They ran a fake up. We're just re entry devices and basic stuff.

Space and did

some of it, but then they had a real mission that put the reflectors opening on the moment when the member is no proof that re so you, but about what you know that the russian government with Leonardo Enable died, the secret Space Programme Alex. You know that the russian government, you know that the russian government put those laser site. Those laser reflectors on the moon is well with unmanned probes. Yes, you know their rights and their still authorities the Chinese, but about

Nobody dares there's weird. Ever nobody wants them things like that far away,

giving you

 

so you think they generally went to the moon. They just the footage is. Is that what you say you can't rig Phil,

back to that Alan Radiation building spots all over right, but we don't have film what would lead us to believe that they definitely did it because they had Arcy cameras

where there was a trash. Other types of amazing footage right is amazing footing those close to launch in space. In case the real mission died so who's in the

learn to show you the relentless what happened and is already military Algeria

is we have real advance? Ok, ok

let him alone immensities Eddie, so we got it. Gotta figure this out.

So what are saying is that one

we saw on tv. Would Neil Armstrong one small step for man? That's all horseshit.

But the real one actually took place. They couldn't get the film.

But Armstrong had been on real motions. So, yes, he definite bit unreal missions, but

I don't know he wouldn't tell me all of it. He died before we met the other

 

I was on the next day and his wife called my dad was friends what they have done on the other guy. What's his name buzz all, but I do know Bus Aldrin Buzz already said. I want to come on your shoulder mulligan

although he, though, he lives, you're an ally and one time I ran into closely with that, and he said

What come on your showed. I said I come on we'll it's. The only interviewees suddenly goes a motel

who else your audience alone, he said there is

Nevertheless, just by two thousand and one it's on the moon of Mars, the sole Mon

sending a transmission.

It's all real and it's all Egypt Anders aliens everything else and its autumn ever so. Why

Europe is zero. Clip of that has all port was also not pull that level now. It was online easy nightly noon the next day. So let us see that do you think he was funds, William detainees back when you know he was real, see her face. I fell. I urge Laurie, I think, is foolish

is for sure what is this true payment

If there is an obvious on Mars, I think

 

That really is communicating novelist, modem or the mood of Mars photos.

So we are, shall we only in their data, be seen as instagram banality now is a good sign, a bitch amazing, my gotta followed.

Which is that it imposes a slight he's. Just

go to your local cases. Ok, let's give us our love and Instagram. Let's give some people with their habitation. We can keep track if there's something very important to be dropped from the moment. I am not sure whether it is right now.

Gosh you died, sure thing shared identity airports are not yet for

while the truth. I know we all want to hear what you hear about as I want to hear, but who are you what he says? First, let's see what he says. Yes, they hold the guy Jim America to make such growth expenditures again for human habitation and about we can help we can join with together. We can

 

nor the moon and develop and still tat. We money do together. Our Belgium has not gone before. Is this where it talks about that? I'm I'm alive! Now it's on my shoulders, she's measures. We need to go, go to a monolith there, a very unusual step,

sure little potatoes shaped object,

need for billions dollars to go one, listen, seven hours,

find out about that. They're gonna say who put that their hope that their there well the universe, put it there. If you choose and come back there

It's like I know we ve come on. I want four billion show less reform, so that's the model that thing that you look at. Why that's weird? I don't believe this shit for a second origin.

Above all,

I fear in LOS angeles- and I can tell you anything else,

this monolith on photos, weird saga, weird,

 

structure. Who knows that's a real picture are both the ads, are Marcia Command,

That proves that mines are all that I can. I don't know shit about Photoshop and I can make sure you hear tell you the big secret about my sheep were merely with yes without legal clarity. We go look. Let me hear the shooting fed you wanna any doesnt. Let's go you mean kid, he told me the populace. Merv is real,

no one's gonna die. What he told me he told me, he said you know, India sending approved, moan and then

now that when they cross the probably family undersea frozen eyes that covers the moon, the moon has dust on it's a big

Honourable give me the water we need to get the planet. We make our big job, so I hope

it was our things lay on the planet, just perverse mandate. We make a step forward, but like a video game,

buzz eyes highlight buck with those all right now, you're, not listening,

 

working with a crash, the profound exactly what they were saying and I want to do in Europe- would look over and it says

as India discovers water on the moon, that's all water. Will they ve deafening

covered one on the moon right that this parliament is armed, but Buzz all told me about it a year before it's I'm right

I see my corrections in the water and the money to buy Buzz, Aldrin is going to the meetings and they tell em shit

yeah. I want to know you want to get to know about eating. I dont get it all this stuff. For here tell you was always told me in a year it

you're gonna be on the news that they discover war with a proper setting before they even sending a problem, the news they let India quote, find it.

Is the Eu S already found is already, but on the moon. God knows how many times the orders they got,

Military alliance Zile accepted. We think in the fifties. What do you think we got now? Do you think they have nuke women their bases on the moon while never get it all the stuff right? Don't you

Let's just say it server advanced,

 

think that they have some sort of a base out. There's, like I told you, I only Wiki or that so far away. Why, when they just

but on a desert somewhere. What is it?

am I p detected. Why?

or on the moon way back in June ha drop and

simple on you, our reality Buzz Albert tells me there in an hour India finds water, oh my god Buzz. I follow on Instagram and then come back to me with examples all the moon flags throw you unless all retirement

The moon impact probe, which classes

crash landed designated site on the Lunar South Pole on November. Fourteen two thousand eight had picked up some clue.

Their signatures of water, danish, twenty five minutes dislike crash.

Mr Near said at a press conference here in front of interest to a you know what, when it comes to space Alex, that's not your forte I but

 

want one thing I want to ask: both all during this time of year was, are above run on Instagram and then come back at me. What are you what you want with his instagram? What's up with bundles buzz, organizing, it's amazing? How is this like these

he's bawling ac,

did you see when the guy comes over yours, you're full crab erodes the managers punches email check this out. I wanted to ask you: what are you? What do you think is Trump going to do anything about the stratospheric aerosol injections write that down? I guess

I don't? We talk, we talk or not. I am cereals down right of talking about stratosphere, aerosol ingenuously. I can't get to the point you will. Let me you know what would you think

we must stop the nominal, just write it down right, let down the line,

 

question, although there that's the quite as a question you just want to get my five before Thou Jones is off the rails right for all the ring and we'll get the job. I don't have the right of downloading it because you ve been there.

We'll drop is from doing another problem.

To start with. What do you think the programme is adding? What is it

The programme as it

director of the sea is talking about an hour you to look John GINO brandy talking about strategies to try to resolve injections, it's going to cost ten billion dollars a year and there's going to be some countries opposed to it, because it's gonna mess up the right to travel. To me about atmospheric manipulation of dynamite, stratospheric g s. I never heard of that. It's a super important. We need to break down to three letters.

 

Let me go, let me John O Brennan admitted last June of two thousand sixteen at the fire. I saw the video common on it. Can you play

but let me tell me on oh brother John it wherever amateur, bashing you, but you, education, jokes about it, which I get because a lot of its bs there is an entire

atmospheric terraforming GEO Engineering,

violation and call? It came trails and of course, the c I a director,

maybe they have a huge problem bill among the gate.

Foundation owns the major patents on it from western

and others that use these big antennas to manipulate the whether they can.

China's like causing, usually like harp like horse

How could I should analogy? It's all

we classify think hard manipulates, whether they admit it. Does I used overhead of heart general Bitten, K, port, not all the time, but the exactly.

There's giant whether modification systems and there's whether wars between different governments and they did,

declared its explain to people who are listening. What harp is what it stands for high altitude,

 

something tat. I ve got a system that, supposedly you know to harp, really was on its classification. What does a stand for high frequency, active auroral research programmes or the idea behind this? Was they want?

do research on the aurora and did they want to see if they could communicate using it and set out your way. I want it out. Other eyes in right are right, yeah that and they also wanted

to be able to send radio signals, the places where they wouldn't really aright doesn't really go. What does that have to do with stratospheric their heart and it really go into the atmosphere

smart grids. I've interviews that, though, the private out of it largely ruffle

the Pentagon, let him on my: how does harpoon Wilma? How does harp work with the controls? Would it

Let me just goes on

only a my chronic amount, a small amount of what harp does is in the atmosphere, its bouncing off the

a laboratory hours

and then resonating back through in it in a deep earth communication.

 

Programme of satellites. Other things through the planet show itself

satellites through the satellites down the submarines,

here goes. This is an actual de definition. How harp works the facilities

Examiners scenario where he was accordingly: malicious reader, first waves upwards into the ionosphere between one hundred three and fifty kilometres of altitude, the resulting heating effect.

Creates irregularities in the electron density there, which in turn allows communication signals

from satellites to be relayed off the ionosphere. That solidarity does. Then they can

should the satellite frequency coated through the earth to submarine. Now what is

website from them? Shiner ain't James, us a bully. You want the real stuff, ok, yeah, sure

What the hell you lemmings! Why something?

need I have they have the heart programme on this, but I got contacted about ten years ago. They said the head of the heart project really liked your work. He liked it.

Come on areas online line like to come on a job body and about thirty minutes,

 

We can on the line,

sorry during a break and cut the guy off? Well,

Don't turn I mean is really happens to spooky music cues programme.

I believe you?

That's true. I want to know what I want to know that I want to know the relationship between what are the camp trails have to do. Do you think Trump is gonna? Look,

do the S eye, a project,

The CIA has green, let tee starting out with vaccines. As I told a bully would do and

to getting all the damage they cause autism. Merely though the ultimate that's good. To start the vaccines get that shit together to procure. But what about the essay? I

programmes at the CIA is green. Let you thank you,

 

and get into that other next level. You do. We want to be the case with his microphone, assuming blown up strong plenty to do we let yourself locked onto the like what is the problem with all this. As I say, I share most of what you see when you see those jets flying around those clouds behind him. Most of that is just say, added origin. Exactly the generic fuses, that, with a little rules, which are the real programme, will there's no you're right, and so is Joe because the world's complex there are secret and clauses secret and public programmes to test

population, the weather and whether systems the arrow

you're doing at the Chinese are doing. The Russians are doing people being clouds eating for a hundred yards from the clouds were down. You're too whether manipulation but they're doing it for

different penalties and that not to produce will lapse. Luckily, I had been living Kinnock on the head of the. U S whether weapon programme,

for twenty seven years on my show. First, because I saw

declassified? I saw you

 

the piano objections. I called him running a major clouds in company with his son and got the nine year old to Austin and then after

we totally free jack. As you see, I came to this house, do you want

the interviews on on Youtube. Do you want?

what he said. Yes,

the world WAR two

and the world or to the full, the first planes and hurricanes? Well what

What you're Amelia Atlantic, that's pretty gangs to add an empty?

I found that even faster in the Pacific

then he in a also let squadrons in Vietnam flooding everything up to ten feet of water at a clear blue skies than ours? What about with with their whither chemicals

it was about ass. You have to build up a superpower fly into a hurricane or a typhoon to Caesar scattered to holy shit anyway,

super bad. As you know, is alive, he's been living at. Ninety was still other thought at ninety can kick my ass one of loving

tax and I felt like I was there. I was ever anyways so so we're sitting there

 

give me all this dad and I can't believe it is always classified photos and stuff cuz. They just e class by the file. No one thought to call the old man from Lubbock or whatever.

French. I call him I'll get him on the agenda

watch people their company, threaten them the next week after aired, and he later

He said in ninety six, shadowy

certified of the same research institute that he was able to control Hurricane, create hurricanes and steer hurricanes. All that got black budgeted shut down.

And then they got into these are rage or they could use antennas, and out of that and Westinghouse came

came the leader of the whole heart programme shall, in the sixties they could create control and steer or kill hurricanes

That's why you, Google, now Bela Melinda Gates,

on all those patents and quote bill gauges,

save the world from bad weather. Bill Gates wants to stop hurricanes. Google,

so I so let me bill near ass, the weather machine when he paused for a second. How does the hundred? How do they manipulate a hurricane, so the hurricanes,

gonna happen how they break it up: ok, image,

 

It's coming into lands, their problem with with aerial arrays, projecting the sky. They can break it up or strengthen it or kill it or steering

It's all. Nato is doing that with harp. What I've got growth? They got heart basis,

the place they call him Doppler radar facilities O the government wants your level city to have dollar rate. Are I thought I was like tat? You could find a way to the screen. That's it like one tenth of one percent. They can create those arrays up that have imagined

you're likes might go and they do a little bit. Yak is no

he's all power, your town through the

popular radars control. In the? U S

a giant whether weapon,

in front of everybody in every town and city and poor rush

The Chinese are just discovering and all the u S is whether have as they can knock em all outright bill, gates, control the weather, ideas for barges to pump cold water from the dead,

the ocean to create some sort of a road block for the hurricane since Hurricanes Pope

 

Our from the waters warm temperatures, cooling, the water could have theoretically irrational less outriders mental hurricane. What somebody

good idea of the miners. Analyzing is salad. Genius idea, spray, cold water and discharges of going off the terrorists rails John O Brien, and is in the front of the sea as far as we are doing this because for global world

me, you gotta say, but you are right and you are right about social about about GEO Engineering. Contrails! You are wrong,

about the dinosaurs lobbying.

But hey what about that? They're they're coming

out saying: hey, there's gotta be some countries that there are there aren't gonna before it, we gotta

you gotta we're gonna, do with a heavy audio. Yes, the sacred yes,

The big slick, let them in relation to go with that, come on, don't change, subject, keep going. What that you have done would Livingstone. Imagine you're here, but a measure me Joe actually got me off on human. Europe are already doing later finish the s

 

I probably he doesn't know about this. I know about it, but it's my real. What do you know about the essay I programme? Let me get this

on what most of the real programmes are just like France for something else, Simon Real, so you don't think there

sprang shit into the atmosphere know there is a programme for GEO Engineering there's a programme in place, and yes, it is the Doppler radar system and a harp and what else and arrows

rang still the most effective and what do they do have pat when you wear aerial spraying, where they sprang barium. So,

limit oxide radioactive vices of burial. Moraine him in the air of a lion and anti alone was because, because it does, a bunch of things are testing a bunch of stuff there. There there manipulating thanks

listen, our political body of evidence, it they're doing nessus, brain aluminum, barium human embryo online and raise the portrait of energy. It's all public, just

a key just on line wants a Chinese do did Jack by a tiger the great that's out there. You know the Department of Energy dog of rain and you can

 

watch sea of arms. Cia directorate time, Brennan,

admitting all business is all public. Here they look at it. He talked about red nigh side. I saw the video to play the video and go over it if you want, because talking about various options for controlling global warming to lay out the future. Thank you.

Global warming is a guy, have only hold onset of global warming is real. We know it is right. Don't you

They want to have the all believe. Globalize real at the jealously. Measuring these temperatures and scientists keeps on cod failure and we're editors came out. That's emails. Bullets found out

let's find out what you actually want along these really gently with real ok, I've

given the high goes called they're. Always micro temperature is always live change. This ship surrounds the only thing that our habitats angry carbon taxes, that Al Gore one fix it. I think we'll we grant lives, but what I'm saying is there absolutely is global warming right?

what is this? You don't want to. I reminded the when my

I was a kid. The nineteen fifty four three four months

 

the year it was below zero or phrasing you had a chop would need Frazier S. Often all houses had even the south have had

YO had all sorts of of chimneys in them for fireplaces, because it was freezing cold,

and now there has been a warning period but

as part of a normal global cycle based on the sun. All these actions,

physicians for the hole

but clearly its carbon we put out the earth- is carbon starve. There

carbon cycle. That's the big we're gonna, get to the Globalist One,

tax evasion, tax oxygen, carbon tax

I'd water, sunlight. They have total control.

Over the whole life cycle of the planet. Let's play the video,

where the video this the C. I a guy talking about it, because what I inferred from it as it is with some sort of solutions. If global warming becomes a giant leap, sureness of friction, I known lobbyists who would watch out

 

Will you take them and what is the CIA? That's? Why do the media for global warming is a good question? What do they have to do? I don't know what does deal entitled intelligent communism there never built that. Stop the spread of communist right, but ass, an intelligence agencies that are part of the environment. They are part of the intelligence community and if they got hired, I would imagine is just me guessing right off the top of my head if they got hired to assess a threat and

at being from global warming like? What would we have to worry about? Are we really gonna lose cities? Do we really have an issue? There is going to give George Soros of the? U and total power for a one hundred trillion per decade, global tax to MIKE

managing survey I'll everything humans do pussy is of carbon toxic. They gotta surveillance. Thus they ever jurisdictional trawler lives. Ok, hold up, buys a debunked. Cia director admits, came trails, GEO Engineering, stratospheric aerosol injections, so

 

as a crime guys. This answer really wrote all in all it hold on hold on at the council admits GEO Engineering in the form of stratospheric aerosol injections. As I is taking place

cancer is taking place. I account trials and the robot

is nowhere in his speech, asean and mission that an essay I programme has already taken place. The part where Brennan mentions GEO Engineering is just one example out of several not often mentioned issues the CIA monitors for potential elements of it

stability in the world as a I programme

ever implemented, could penetrate conflicts and security threats if misused the CIA

His job is to consider all types of concepts, concepts for

tension, travellers and threats, including this science oriented concepts. That's totally, let me break down the right now possible, nor to everybody, but what that guy just said is that possible? Now that's basely, let Breaded said

boy saying is that there are potential threats, human, mentally. It's an issue rights these

 

admitting that he there's an essay. I are eliminated, ok go Tommy, Airbus

Bates? How many programmes are all the specific slaughter? Let's classified you,

Google, China Margin,

major, whether control operations, ten years right or Qatar,

or Saudi Arabia or you, UK. Are your people have studied none of that right? There's they call it study a giant

in two thousand and five, the Department of Energy Programme for aerosol testing, with five billion dollars ear shall under

This code, Tuttle fifty chapter, thirty, two sub section, one thousand following twenty eight paragraph b- is that true,

that right, yes,

 

from mars- Under- U S code, you live on that Arbalist TAT was a fucking. Let me just show you. I remember the time last time, G2 look at how, under you must go title fetish ever thirty thousand Father twenty I'd rather be that's, that's insane under say its low, that Jamie write it up jewish code job fifty jabber fast, remember,

less code title. Fifty

chapter. Thirty six months of our twenty by rubbing subsidy

one hundred and twenty eight, the real, fast brain were actually fact speed,

species would say yes, like one thought you Jesus yours, Jabber, hardly lucky knows: attacks wonders restrictions on use of human subjects, for testing of camp trails, girl go back back back there go or by

 

logical agent site. Now what they do- and this is they say it's illegal detest. Unless it's for research that under a lottery, you kill people, it was for research park. You know that's how some of those japanese Wheeler vessels get away with killing whale still. They say it's for research purposes and they killed the whales and sell them

dark shit you're the only as are the AIDS or the mask science. Everything engineers now will you be the big secret mountain view on ass? I do I'm not kidding,

I know I'm not saying it's everywhere. They call there the high priest, their scientist right there, engineers they're, allowed to kill people test stuff on kids in jet black people,

fill us with all the declassified of because they

Our scientists, all the real

the EU should urge tortures are most evermore p,

by making decisions are doctors and

so it's all medical doctor staff in this big breakaway civil

nation of scientists, ok, and so that's what they built at under under

 

the research provisions they can even kill anybody they want. I want to go back because we took eddies turn on cam trails, but we did at the side tracked from what you were saying about the moon, and I want to go back to what you're saying, because you are so

there are two completely different missions and one of em

is real and that there was

some sort of contact with aliens

No, I was yet another saying I had it turns out you're implying tat. Well, I added Wilson

So there is an ongoing. I was told by top NASA

individual romantic that indeed there was a break.

A programme, and that he heard and saw a tree

and missions on some back channels of reach.

Feeds and advance ships that he'd never even shame. That, basically didn't look like.

Or anything that he can imagine that was classified, and you knew about some classified programmes for every program. You saw

There was at least ten programme supersecret, that's about it by massive ninety percent, sacred or more

and so he knew about a cloud, much less what programmes and he was seeing transmissions and things coming back and talk to people about

 

breakaway program? They said that a lot safer, a lot bigger than the moon, and they had guys up in orbit just basically said that even other foreign governments from the trajectory point with it. They were getting transmissions back from the moon,

so there are people out basically outside of the regular ordinary. Just go round in circles wears a GEO,

during his way and one spot rang transmitting back from mathematical spot? Look like trans measure to fool the Russians, everybody, although

measure was going on on the moon. So you

believe they went to the moon, do think. Did it was Buzz Aldrin and not on O Neil Armstrong regulatory everything that he shut up

Would you tomorrow at dude? That's like a movie

He told me: how did he tell you everything and then he

just totally was crazy, but he didn't Medea that what the public got was. Thank you

he couldn't get a jolly well there's some footage from the moon

It looks so ridiculous and most,

 

you'll, never see some footage of them that but here's there's the biggest

population. This is one of the really big ones, Santa Claus that there was a lot of footage that they did where they were doing tests that they wound up. Jesse using for press

releases, the using like to say this is actual

a job that they write stuff for the project because they want to

guaranteed of it. A real, however, advise the truth, but there was a thing with Michael Collins, Gemini fifteen. There was a test photo of him with. I got a test

re gone and it was like suspended and you can see the background behind him. It was clear that is suspended on wires and they took that

same photo and black it out and used it as oppressive,

of him on an actual spacewalk, but it's a scam

exact Yoda our stuff yeah. They do that, where they just go over within backed uneasy, actually use an exact on Irish, my dad when he was like a junior and ice calls on the plan to programming beauty and they already have.

CD, roms and computers, and they had a nuclear.

 

Under you t. Nobody knew about, and my dad do about this house, a teenager and our

like later go the labyrinth going to find it, Google

Similarly in the news, but I've gotta you to talk to him,

oh yeah, you know, but the reactor in the building of reactor also got in

and then no one even know that often has to declare

actors and north, asked what yeah diplomas by those for you. I was everyone's ecology

he's a reactor under which building in Austin Texas, it's big,

so big railway system under there, but it's it's built right under

right under legacy jester, so

a nuclear reactor in Austin Texas. How many people know about this.

You know it's in the literature to my dad's, only about it. When I was a kid, I thought you might not believe my dad. My dad told me about a Dallas hospital was killing people for their organs

Point that, unlike six years later, I thought of sixty minutes whites they would killing people for organs really deliver.

In Dallas was on sixty minutes yeah. My dad said

 

I was sixteen. Fifty intake drivers course said: don't sound on organ donor, Carano, hospitals, Achillea, cheese and Daniel.

Getting us now I've. He was an oral sergeant, Rewire Georgie's. I've heard this one killed people

is. This is why the creepy as things you every time I get asked me, can you imagine? Doctors are get kickbacks for organs. That kind of, let them see age, Austrians, are seen as the highest cast by the elite. So there

Poland all the stuff from Italian. You knock creepy would be like to find out that a nurse at your work, which is killing people

but that's a store that happens over an overhaul of creating a smart killer. There's been a bunch, they gonna pay, so they get no! No! No! No! No! No! I shall be illegal. These nurse jobs that signal nurses decide they don't wanna, take care, something they poise them. They there

have someone who may be someone's dying slow and they don't like it may just like get tired of dealing with their bullshit sorrow that Taiwan is a drastic Ojala times a sadistic

been a lot of your horse, and I have about facts you're actually on target you don't

 

I think I will worsen you. You not. I argued on everything everything I know, and your aunt argues pretend you're not

no one knew that document of Utopia head like that, so rain man must have been obsessed with cam trails right,

No, I know about it. A hearty other people see, I remember, that's gotta crazy mine. I used to have all regimentals about thirty five, and now it's getting worse.

Steals that problems of our remember. But I want to tell you guys the Bay

actual has carefully as the big into where these headphones. Now the problem is when we don't have headphones. I we talk over each other. I it's hard when three people talk unjust, she'd nazi to suit. Now it's none of our fault. It's just now. I gotta conspiracy, you you're! U R Bill Hicks

now some younger than him totally.

For an ivory. I love how either that success its

will. They actually was a funny gotta Gimme, a frigate brakemen early

another families, common foreign said: please stop the people saying you're

 

Let's all control these damn people don't worry about that. Put the haven't back. We have refine, so I needed

I don't know what do you know about aliens and how much our

aliens, real look. This is really big. Ok,

airport on the show that media this out. But the question is: what does Donald Trump?

about a year was, you know now right disease in the office. I don't know it's doubt would be the first.

Thing, Rogan experience deserves that. A first thing I did, I would run to the office and I go Who'S- got the documents,

who's the alien documents, who's gonna who's got em. That would be the first

I would want to rank cheer. Sir Launcelot boring shit

I got a robot, you never have to. Piss are limited. We might best please deep recent

the proclamation wanting what he is gone, but am I

 

wrong to still hold out hope that aliens are real, because I tell you, as one of two guilty pleasures fair still cling to his big foot and aliens. Those are to take

not so much? I wish he was real, but I just don't. Are you ready? Yes, they were true now come on daddy. Are you ready

as some of you, the big uncharted Joe, thereby aliens in this room right now for real yeah you're. Not of this world brought me you're the ailing

well, I didn't know it's like gum. There was like an old comic book about that, but some dude who was forgetful per

ass. Her then he realized at the end of it. He was actually an alien from another planet that same sent down here to monitor people just forgot: well, here's what daily

leave. Em wanted to write letters. We alter its context.

I know that I can prove thank you.

People, can you handle that ok, really surprised

how much you knew every angle of so called pizzagate that I forgot wilds to meet more. Obviously, we

 

have children, and when you hear someone that wants to molest children did its

special kind of evil to special kind. You are in its it's also a special kind of bizarre twisted sickness that the human mind put like is is capable of logic,

We ve got a horse programming on care, kids, and we need to do something very crazy about people's brains and this fund, something very crazy about

of the weird variables that can potentially happen aggravate. We will all

sort of weird crazy aberrations and standard behaviour. In like this, the standard behavior, but people that are just normal folks who got kids. I got kids I'll get

Can I get a reply to you sit down. You have a couple of beers. Laugh you Joe have again, I Bob going Steve. That's fucking normal shit

right when you're normal in theirs normal people around. Here you assume that everybody is basically a good purse. We all our problems normal lower gorgeous. That's your wife comes in the bedroom. She even going you don't

 

get a five year old. Think that's what I want now! There's some you! What you try say. Is there some people out there that have this horrific programming, whatever the fuck it

that causes it is a bunch of psychologist trend, speculate, figure out,

causes, but if we beat the habit of all, but the thing is its real and its

terrify here tonight it's going on? We can't tonight's real and it's all set like Chicken Jared from Subway the subway guy, the subway guys in jail for being a pitiful.

What are you doing to Emma? They usually have intelligence and there

armies were fighting a pitiful conspiracy, but beyond that it's a

vampire conspiracy, and that they are

Energy mentioned sucking the essence of our youth right and

their possessed by an off world entity. They do and then Joe Abbot,

twenty years and I'll don't get into aliens medicine

you call religion that I've studied the elite and I've also

a lot of the top people them and, if you want to know, I will actually breaking.

 

Right now. The best knowledge right now what's happening on the planet what's happening. Let me have your basic. Just, stop, ok, love when you can use that word.

Full confidence. I never said that. Let me give you a basic just stalled. Guy got such a fraud, no you're, not you're nominated

I think, if I use that word now, you'll get all this majority have not static. Azure, bookworm research work good way. The

Lee are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe, and they want to know all this summer, good summer, bad summer mix, but the girl

ones don't ever want to organise the battle

so I want to organise because they lost for power. Powerful consciousness is dont want to dominate other people, they wanted powers, they don't tip

gather until things are really late in the game than they come together. Evils always defeated because goodest

much stronger and we're on this plan.

And Einstein's visit showed it MAX. Places has shudder, offers at least twelve dimensions, and now that's all

the top scientists in billion over coming out, saying it's a false hollow,

 

ram. It is artificial. The computer,

scanning at in finding tension points where its artificially projected again.

Cavities bleeding in to this universe. That's what they called dark matter. So we're like a thought or dream. That's a wisp in

computer programs some gods mind whatever their proving

Tal coming out now, there's like

shove transmissions zone below the third dimension, the chest

and over the most horrible things, what it resonates too? And it's trying to get up into the third dimension that just a basic law

consciousness to launch into the next levels.

Our species already way up in the first six dimension, consciously our best people, but there is big ward,

I too, like basically destroy

humanity because humanity has free will and there

decision to watch

however, we want to go to. We have very well so evils allowed to come and content, and not just good and the

themselves,

leave their regime.

 

Or using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization, where they're gonna marry

what machines transcend and break away from a failed state

CS. It is man which is kind of like a false trance

I should because their thinking what they are is ugly and bad, projecting and under themselves.

Set of believing knowledge, a human test about building us up, and so Google was set up

eighteen eighteen nineteen years ago this was I know about this report was declassified. I'm saying I sources that they wanted to build

giant artificial system and Google believes that the first

artificial intelligence will be a Schubert computer, but

on the neuron activity

of the hive mind of humanity with billions

people wired into over the internet askance, and so all of our thoughts

go into it and we're actually building

computer. That's real neurons in real time! That's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures, so that they will have current prediction powers.

 

Future prediction powers through Crystal Ball, but the big sacred, as once you have

crystal ball and know the future. You can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future. And so then it's the

end of consciousness and free will for individuals, as we know, and a true

to point out a very bad way hive my conscience

with an jack and everyone, knowing our hopes and dreams delivering it

it, was not in some Piquet De Wire at system where we plugin and give up unconsciousness because of unlimited pleasure, but because we were already wired and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system.

Our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system. There is now

when Counterstrike taking place to shut this all before

falling into place and block these systems and to try to have an actual.

Bade about where humanity goes and cut off the pedophiles

vampires that are control,

 

there's a I system before humanity's destroy women. Humanity has only control the way. I think that the pedophiles

getting control pet, the pedophiles at whatever level, the devil where

We call this unidimensional day that gives them advanced offworld technology to fall on. One side of this world is giving them

That's not what I wanna talk to run a little systems. What has already been used before on other populations? Why that Satan

body we are talking about. Let's say they explain,

species is now making a decision where you allowed its entire future when getting answers

from that's what it is, but where you getting, I know

you know in the news or tv right. This is an international force there.

The influence us to build something that absorbs,

in kills us rather than the divine

free will were given to build something much better.

That empowers the species so the

Pcs is now making a decision. Will you come out its entire future when getting us from from that's what it is, but we

you getting, I know from from looking at all

the data researching in studying at work

 

watching the enemy. That's the big decision that humanity

is now got before us? So

of your directing someone to investigate this on their own. How would they do that?

So you say: here's the problem. You get some place. Finally, indeed: research, where it's what every culture

already said when everybody knew what they're telling your movies like Prometheus, what the elite admit the New York Times

believe it is this. You know she

goodbye, offworld systems hands Vermeer. Yes, everything everything there doing points

If you read their own writings, they believe

where this ugly fallen ugly species

we're. Are we to be killed there? The?

millionaires. Horrible,

the knowledge and they're gonna marginal machines and become

as a goal, and I love it, don't you think than most people who extrapolate from where we stand today with our cell phones and our apple watches and our integration with the computer and the internet constantly? Don't you think that most people see there's

 

be some sort of symbiotic connection. It's very easy thing that relating it before I understand, but a lot of divorce amiable your problem who engineered what we were given. What is the point of the back door? The Trojan horse,

here's what I'm doing Yahoo engineered? What here's we urge Israel Johnny Leap, the elite

literally believe, Inter dimensionally, they were given this,

information on and built it and here's the thing they built it and Google admits

You would have data dumps to wire two years ago that they're building an AR in human consciousness free will and take over and the

ex species will rise out of that they are

we decided our species. But people been time. Marshall Mcluhan was talking about at fifty fucking years. There's the old they built it Amazon two years ago. Admit

they can already with ninety percent certainty, pick what's wrong

Your users are going Alec before they horizontal, read it instead of dragging this out to some nefarious end is entirely possible that all these future is all these technological in

 

They all they all see the same end game and there's gonna be some sort of

please migration, migratory people, but it's been artificially on that historically

everybody saw this coming right, and so this big futurists, all the people that started field Fort before silicones,

who created the flash.

Mcluhan, I think it was in the nineteen seventy said that human beings are the sex organs of the machine world

and he was saying even back then that human beings are eventually going to integrate

or become something that's apart. What I'm telling you is there's a centralized system of water bill

What is it naturally occurs to? Who is that were artificial? He was really the

each believe they're getting off world honoured and building these things you just describing right now

and, if you actually rebate all the global say, if I was, you are the right. As you know, the show they are getting not offworld but entered

National communications too, didn't build. This system

 

we see lowers are iq, makes us live last. I've never makes his unhappy, but when you making these big statements like they ve getting into dimensional signals as telling them to create these systems that lower, I accuse that's somethin, you got a really prove

Where? Are you sure you're? Ok, please! If there's something you all, the studies show screening

I'm all the computers, lowering our cue lowering fertility, although here that it must not be right, there was not a case. Is that a case of is somebody here

a gun to your head? Let me tell you about me: I'm addicted this goddamn thing

of watching television videos. I love love, taking pictures shit. I love

while the determination of humanity. It has a lot of beautiful works. It does but I'll tell you the very addictive. The very directive

hold on a second? Let me stop you're right there

I don't necessarily think that's engineered to be addictive. I think it's engineered to be really well in the fact work really well and the fact that it works really well is very addictive. Just like little kids look at a screen, you put a fuck

 

television in front of them when there's one year old and early some stupid, commercial and they'll, I won't show they pay for it hold on a second nobody. Men are unknown, though they may better hold on a second. They made better and better

knowledge that we're not designed to absorb human beings of?

actually sit me with every day the exact

dna that we did ten thousand years the Atlantic and there was nothing like television. There was nothing like movies. There was nothing like stereo headphones and projected elicited Joseph rather you're going you're crazy, we're like it settled. Morleys you're interrupted my crazy rent,

telling you that this is a natural progression of this massive and

fatuous that we have the technology. They dont have to engineer it. Its natural

Do you have to say that any body whose looking cooler and cordiality attacks movies- all that

of is a natural energy jobs. Wouldn't let us kids play that I've had well, then he's a cut he's a cut.

 

But you, kids via the guy, is fucks wrong. That we set right ran, not disagree without you interrupted at ten times. You thought let a motherfucker ran like we're done rather than some don't know, shit

who cares about going about this? When I talk about the weather adding to their renewal, let me tell you right now: let me turn now

Claire,

my house down things being set up to control. Ok, what I'm telling you you mean you're talking about the elites and into dimensional signals of their receiving that are telling us to lower. I q. You can't just say that need proof. Ok, let me give you prove that

sounds so crazy by the well all its own

I wonder where the aliens also proved they honour. I, you know what it's really cool. The same computer simulations was, though, everybody talks about that everyone says you're, not you're, not nobody. There saying that will make you had your not easily easily,

yeah we're in a computer simulation. But then, when you talk,

Inner dimensional, like magical shit

 

wait. A minute. Exactly magic is a technology that has a majority exact,

we have the videos are fuckin magic for short gag. If islands in Ireland we you- and I can do right now- and we go look here- we'll do it right now. This is what's what we're gonna do. We're gonna go

right now you wanna talk some magic. Is this really is fuckin magic, we're going to do it

Grandma penalizing lived right now. We're doing in Amsterdam live we're doing like one little instrument of lorries, lions containing several wars, that this is a whole new design, new thing young, Jean Marie FUCK.

This has never Julia lighter alive.

Occasionally added pulling a you got a little longer than you. Let me go below them bad apples on

What's that we're gonna go out and find, and why a pen to our position

 

no, you know, is light weight of drinking coffee. I drank one of these kill. Cliff coffee drank one order of butter. Coffee did I go line. Is gone of drinking this air want conspiracy, conspirator somebody. I had two glass, the whisky, that's bullshit and these bitches european P

I stand holding something I'd, take credit to all break when it's all that stuff that those was his rent.

Sure we're going back to that she's deftly highs

Did we get the stuff about pause?

audience Tellingham, some fuckin, exactly crazy shit like oh, my god, I'm too tired, you're gonna get us all we got on my. I knew that was of key to make this park ass. Hooper special was what he asked.

 

The whisky himself, so he started deposit yours or has that is or that are not as a gentleman thousand live listeners. This is generally the latter yeah. There's a record a big time record. You actually two thousand lacquered holy shit. Gentlemen Jack is this: is they send us less right? Good? I mean good and in all his terrible, like

are you suck it on the devil's asshole disgusting me? That's gotta have the vote. A whiskey is that its disgust to tell I shall allow Instagram. I love a lot of people thought that this was a conspiracy because any went live on, Instagram live and you disappeared. So there was a lot of talk online ever existed. There are now confronted or about earlier inability, globalist, our John Hume, and they think we're about you, dumb animals, where the aliens their curing shot. They believe it's not aliens that international aid does that have to do with the loose

variant Freemasonry type Shut,

 

bones: stolen bone breakdown, free

as I know that the Albert Pike wrote the pre Mason Bible, he started mountains. A ferry and ships of your four remain until early in my hand, says they each other about the technical go for it or for tell me,

Albert, our pike annoying. I want to give every Joe here's a vague, Joe you you brought in right this point about I wilderness ITALY. Dear point, could you give us an obligation in the first place? We, but of the whole point,

about number we'd Alex

no man in ports and, above all, good. When you realize you, you went to deal with the aim of encouraging the smoke you talk and uptake of new entrants. I'm trying to download this, not yours, you're nice! Certainly I wanna be nice. Your great guy look, I

 

man. I'm happy to see what I'm telling you this is that the globalist admit a lot of this. It's in a lot of their white papers, all the report's women. It should give it to you. I will

they say they believe they're gonna become gods. The rest of us

profane about another shit about international beings, given him all the data when he says that, come there,

you. You know where the theory of

of the species

and were all the Darwin stuff came from

where he had elucidation unbelievable, given all the stuff from like demons,

I'm not saying that you are confusing Darwin Descartes knowledge, storm, didn't Descartes!

isn't he the one that I came out of the idea of silence science from a dream, love Darwins idea, came down what was like really into watch handling and stuff? Here, yes, in the guise of your generosity, actually does ok. What I would say is the calculate the guy that yeah a lot of those guys ass long ass. They get a technology, they believe

 

a friend of dementia people's lives here and now all about this much is have you Joe, and you sit there and act. Like you don't know. I forgot about right to give you all. It's all the information you have a say on the shelling, Joe no voters Mars, but you know I bring it up, then you say among others into dimensional, but I just want to know where its capacity has legitimately desolate small scale show me showed it showed Darwin image, but no

Jamie already known, although you probably know that I know the Darwins partner, the guy that developed the theory of evolution where there were they both have like a similar theory and together with it- and he was I Greeley and knew it to the point where you mustn't channeling. Also, it's weird stuff only knows this discredited him I'll, listen, you're, real, that's what they believe. I'm not saying it's real Siemens Gonna have me up your uplifting out its own of saint of saying they discredited him. They just put all the emphasis on Darwin. That's what you only know about Darwin. It's ok from working for me

 

that's faced him, but if we want to give up the aliens come, I know you think you're going

back to Gaza, we holier than I do. We do you gotta start there, which is spoken right. You don't know shit like this very right. I love it. I'm a man only just I pleaded nursing. If you look at this, that's what I'm telling you I dont believe it. Ok, I'm telling you study what the establishment Billy

None of my they all believe they're getting international staff should be your back to Dalton and Wedgewood and Huxley

recognize always names. If you go back to Darwin, Darwin wrote this these letters these publicly republican, reduce online from it.

National, your royal archives in England, stuff

all believe they were all part of a secret breed

programme or the british thought they would have liked a superhuman if they bread these six families together to live

create this? Like mainline british Extra, this violence is known, eugenics, etc, and then Galton

 

whose related always other guys in eighteen. Fifty see stars

these ideas. These says, there's a double helix was the snakes for for science and medicine, and he said we're gonna discover that

he's in the building blocks alive and he said, is going to call biometrics and will track everybody. By reading there, genetics is what Hitler freaked out about picked up and something,

Like a of the fourteen new sciences like half or more than half the sciences that came says, the eighteen sixty were all from Galton and all

Darwin so the media in the liberals, Gimme there's one thing: origin of species like

closing its water right. It's super having like galactic stuff. They give. This

you. This is only one little boil down bs it we'd. Have you gotta what these

really wrote. They were like inner marrying and involving wicked seances and channeling and and and

this weird ass, crap,

 

then they envisioned ok, was about what he likes. Dna discovered, ok, biometrics, ok, we're gonna, be ok, computers, ok, atomic weapons, Gimme the equations and they were

all them like going other scientists means ago. We believe, as a programmer you'd take different matter too,

other initiatives that will cause an explosion and it's like they were like. Given

either humans are super advance already had this knowledge or somewhere else in our genetics and were pure before and were able to them.

First MR genetic memories and archives or it was given,

of world, but humans like have

this data compacted and can press ready, like probe,

It was then called like the acacia record. Just like you mean all of that is is is a cautious and ethically fanatics. Here's the epigenetic they'll take chickens with eggs and new tin generation

a major universities that have never seen a hot and they put him in these. Like these

when you foot ceilings and I'll have a triangle

over a square flyover little baby chickens, networking generate

our generation go on for fifteen years.

 

They fly one hawk over and they all squawk yelling screw

may. I run into their nest now

I never saw hawk and never saw killer chicken declaration generation two June was was compressed data knowledge of the hawk that is

asked on genetically yeah. They say that's

children are always afraid monsters.

Tigers and bears used to be tat. My son just wants to be changed so much. He wants the practice getting away from a predator loves that the mouse he wants to get

where you can catch me,

everyone wherever it may sound predators. You can't fight thing, get the fuck away from that time

the zoo in China. I recommend you do that.

Sounds good news, fear of a good, not

even in my local, using analogy we want gloves you I'll I'll admit that I was like. Oh shit. We share a little

we but then

 

you're right about down you're bringing in Ukraine by the ideas about strong, keep a girl. You gonna good place right now. Keep a gun you talkin about

now you're getting into our pike, while he's the founder of the decades of top confederate General heavily Illuminati worldwide.

Time. So, let's establish something. That's like maybe people there

and this might go what the fuck are. These guys Ramadan that lot, exposing that supports establishes throughout history from the beginning.

Of organised human secret knowledge Folkestone. A passenger who has also been people can lie, ring to control whatever ass, a silent and people conspired to control whatever aspect of it, whether its political, whether it's the military, like whatever it is, there's always been that it's always happened has been military coups all throughout history. These

wars all throughout the United States should set a peaceful unbroke hausa I mean to the intelligence.

ITALY tall it out of economic loveless, he'd, eddies ass! You do

 

intelligence community leaked out what data they liked, although it here

Makes he's over her saying, aren't regionally broke out on saying that the Russians didn't do it now? Really. I know this.

Because the mainstream media seller hold I'm age, Joe Gimme a break to nine

No, actually, I don't know how you know if you ever have. You know me for like security, seventeen years, yes,

ever going to say I have a source, I'm gonna be honest. No, no no mean I've got

for supposing. I can't tell us how you know. Let's just say I got down today from a head of state and what he said I can tell you voted on time.

The point is, if you didn't tell me what the phrase we screwed up,

listed early, so cause products. By now russian diverse we mean on purpose. Matters must now that the hardline thank as theirs.

Intelligent people, like my students, like you hear that you believe the rush,

it's hard to beware how does so. Why must I believe that your? Why you saying that the intelligence agency leaked all this and not Russia.

 

Because I was told before it was all leaked by the former director of psychology.

Deliberations, the CIA come up, he told

you there's gonna be late yeah before I was never why, in view of the CIA,

a veritable from a CIA and as a defence intelligence, you name it over the years. I mean it.

The news that entirely possible general flan, former adage intelligence tweets on my articles. I'm not sure

Even some secret, I mean re enemy knows. The point is

that I'm she was honest person that understanding,

I'm out for humanity. I dont want peace

power, young and old people, but is

entirely possible emulate. How does it information like that get out? Well, there's an open rebellion,

The criminals have jacked our government, and so we overthrew the global.

Send Obama and we're taking em over in France and ITALY in Spain

in Greece. In the UK, though, I place we're on successful so far as Canada, so we just took Australia about, took us right

 

with the idea of Marie homage aside it. What does that mean see? Most people start brag about stuff, I'm telling you it's really you're, not wearing one of those who are still here I mean

mobile list are losing countries every month right now to the liberty mobile. What what says that these are what I would have you have all their then why do you and your family to be successful and aren't out

hurt you and make you poor like the globalist there's good people and they used the entire

oceans, agencies to defeat the global

there's been a major counter offensive and the global

made one wrong move it out at five years ago. It was. It was the system,

I, like four years ago, I've had

see I was blowers. All Obama show colonels special operations. You name it who were authorized by

I level senators come on my show they ran away

honor curve. There was a deal mainly radical Islam to actually take over Europe, and then the United States, and by that make us can not convert but submit, is law

not criticise. What are they blow stuff up? They thought they brilliance

You know new masculine arm, though it make us

 

met and it got so

even our own intelligence agencies that we had been corrupted settled.

It's too far, we're not doing it and so on

about four years ago, started coming back up for air and now we're just.

We're, throwing all system. There is a huge war going on beautiful. We we're kicking. There asked on every front now, like I said at the top,

it's a if it's that, at the dawn of a new age you work

ass George, W Bush current Obama

all your letter republic, our democratic you work for you.

Against government, but now it's a new day now the consumer,

seafarers, like yourself, you're, the king of em, we're pro government and the sheep. There

our protest in crime explain that, while I'm lonely trumps pervert key

really genuinely is like going and all these corporate and

one sided deals, there's no meetings dollars a lobbyist. He ban them all for lifetime here

 

literally, goes on with actual worries and computer programs and

with sugar and eyesight technology that, even before he was an

He says, cuz, the generals came to him years ago there. So we deliver all almost everybody. We don't wanna make America poor. We don't want to have big wars, who wonders tat, prosperity, sir? We ve got

next to free energy. All these technologies cures for cancer, we're ready to release it. That's why talk about the state of the union or his his first inaugural and does it will be the second and he just really cares about humanity and he's not a say

he doesn't like ripping gives you like super hard. They show european women.

Once that there was a little girl. You know just he somebody now to get humanity and he's got the intelligence agencies totally back into the hill

and it's just a super epic moment to be life. What's going on so forward, trot

hold on one second. So what do you think

 

Gwen you you said earlier in the podcast, you don't think it's perfect right. What do you think he could do different? That would make people accept

well, I said last what he should do about. Torture treat his next day just magical areas,

designs? And you came up with the idea that what did you say this about tortures Zeit guys and I'm in design guys so in that zone

as you can see everything right, even though you're like just a normal person, you can live

Looking at any avenue anyone your take on it is that it's good to have him in, despite whatever flaws people may proceed. Well, he wants prosperity and he's not a part of the system that he replaced

while there are legacy and he likes full grown women. Ok, I believe that you can have say that

for now, but I'm just I'm just Georgia and most people are serious. Both like they're, like eradicate out your backyard and torture for couple weeks. The kid map gaiety,

 

we're sure they re always thought that would combine emails what's going on in like well, these are kind of exhaust or about every time for you to get in there. Some of these are damaged.

Look I'm up even going on. I believed you look. I don't know what we take us in. A big old guy comes into just breaks their jobs. So any central point after we gonna, oh yeah. What? If successful is an entire route, like a lot of people, aren't just gettin in dire right now, they're getting take

right now about the Vatican. They are, then. What is I was that worries about in their own country level, stop trapeze the devil, stopping it. You think we ve got stopping that's the Vatican's gather,

pet of all central issue. Their pants overdrive. The Vatican is so bizarre, Yacu trunk, going after the vat against a country Gracie amount. It is easy

Why? Because I wouldn't want you this is this is what they Alex. I always thought,

 

How weird is it that everybody South Park is making a goddamn episode about them?

pedophiles nobody's investigating, what's goin on here. So to me you didn't you

conspiracy of silence. I documented they never got worries about the whole network. They realize. Oh shit, note the reason my

opinion is the reason. No one's getting arrested at the vat again at a high rate. Anyways is because everybody at the top is involved.

Let me with the Good NEWS, I'm not here to kiss the asked the establishment, alot patriots in the government

I have always criticise, ended up being the people that heard me better.

You betcha do something they done something in there,

really trying to reverse this whole thing right now and there is a full out war inside the government of guys like each stakes, drink beer and haven't women versus a bunch of pot belly pitfalls. Oh Jesus Christ. What's really fucked up

Is it the people that, before the Sandusky thing came out, the people rounded problem,

 

heard rumors. That's probably someone to talk someone. It says something, but nobody really wanted to believe it. Well in that area,

did happen. Well,

spurs your silence. Is a documentary can wondering I another guy released they're talking about the base, the headquarters of the pedophile network? That's that's an international network

is in Omaha Nebraska at boys town. They they like taken orphans, orphans, there's different levels. There's guys

we didn't want any trouble. They does what words and can only send Annesley cycles. They want to go kidnap. There's like that.

Hard core people, and you know what they're top officials and in every aspect of government and a celebrity. It's not everybody, but it's enough said there's enough

 

bull involved that nobody's investigating anybody, because they're all involved, they all better, keep their mouths shut. So crazy. Something gets the level of the catholic church got to where the notary Vienna here, and we must prevent a conversation myself, an ultra yes sure go fail out of use minimum

We do it. She who cares media, madam, he was wrong. I know my one of those who had a drink of this is a time areas is go now. Trump basically said we're going to clean it up Alex. We know all about it, Alex stop him.

Am, I am we're gonna do it. They also said Obama's from Kenya, while that was when that's a huge intelligence, hop you

the right that, don't you know about Reagan, it was also about our security. Software. Now can tell you the full scoop on that right. Would you think up now know exactly what they told him? The bomb was from Kenya, they fucked with them on a yes,

 

Ok, I was gonna tell a transfer, but if you do that, Google, to my mind, I was to learn from storage and we'll go regularity store

bravo: yeah Jamie, you better add extra just times here, Joe Apple juice. What it would

maybe not Alex Command a cigarette. One crisis

Give me five hours. If you pay Miller, Dreyer Minors, I might have

Gambling is another dimension of yours seven years, so we only use about say what was that what was issued Jesus Christ do remember what the question was Jamie. What Donald Trump

told you now? That was an as yet no you're about to say what Donald Trump told you know knows about. You want to know about something else, what they want

but let's leave but hold on a second leave off fuckin with my memory. What was it you

Just you are just give up, I'm not the only one I shouldn't have Emory, not an hour to discuss,

 

The terms are not we term Jamie's gonna figured out Jim. You can figure out what is it that will not come into

I was gonna tell him on twitter and we'll figure this out. Jesus Christ and then

right, is problem with being too

and talk and reach us was about to tell us how you know your machine government trump card. They were at a hundred times a week on average known for a long time to our show known this year. Long as progress, we will definitely Peter out with

than now look for ever do it is.

No one knows what the fuck we're just talking about a minute

How do we are only partially all forget your question, because we're blasted knew better. You gonna Kyar, dispensary

 

Man is so you were talking about the vat again we're talking about pedophiles and the Catholic Church Certificate. That's right, the all powerful to react telling what that does not place. We're not ashamed of this because I got conned were not what I would call vocabulary every once in a while

I admit it later. We learn from our Nokia. What happened did Buzz

don't let it go on out. We told you a funny Bonanno Kenya, Kenya,

Well, ok, Kenya,

everything I want to say your listers can write this down. They can search engine everything I want to say, and

choose for themselves, because all the journey within four wars is. It is not that I'm that smart, I'm just like you I'm having this journey, and I want to show you so this is what our ok Obama's runner for office and Hilary people have fallen is everyday Hilary campaign.

 

This letter came out, push up he's born in Kenya and I'm like a screw her. I was quietly and I'm really ashamed of this, but I told listeners this on the said I was. I was literally on Obama supporter in

wanted to try to unify people. I didn't like John Mccain Sassetta he's bad

rats your bad, but I hated what had happened so Mozilla fooled by Obama, to where I was

all right, let's get a little time and it was an Obama support. I didn't attacking you liked it better than the alternative yeah indebted pushing for office. I was just like hoping that always be a shrill show short here and there.

Leagues, that was from Hilary legal Google to sit Hilary first progenitor,

aided the whole all deal show I'm sure,

 

their hearing dead, dead, she's born in Kenya, something out of here that's much bs and then the article start coming out as the right wing picture, that does the research and its his wife and my two thousand and six and seven in speeches going. My husband born in Kenya knows about the immigrants experiences video. You can pull up machine

we have brought up and then and then Harvard LAW Review, which he headed up for at least three years. He was the editor he says I was born in

A little bit. He bore, buys penury. Oh yeah says he wasn't born. Can you would like it?

so that was just like pizza. Get it let us finally,

 

are now that no double cross its, not not pedophilia, behold islets hearsay testing, which is still plaguing so many of our communities, which you all know a lot about, is due to homophobia. Iraq has lead by example. When we took our trip to Africa and visited his home country in Kenya. We took a public HIV test.

For the very point of showing folks in camera, that doesn't mean that he was most likely liner club. He just found that fast,

another where she said enters the Harvard LAW Review, which he

where he says. I would warn against ok we'll that, but it should have.

There was she soon as his homeland like a year from Ireland,

and I want to go back to ITALY or Ireland or yeah, that's only when they called the homeland, but because it was just going on about recovering. Can you shrimp approach? Has ever get area so you're drunk on involving all that

 

Aubert's report will join Nano was so. How did it? What did someone like leaked out information him to try to make him look foolish because he chased after yes show

or just researchers out of my family, my foolish so do you think they just may be made an incorrect that we found out all about it. This is stunning information show.

People want to say, he's illegitimate. They then

get him in a Harvard LAW review change, one again you they look at clubs. They look at the facts. You want really

name name, Barry Soetoro in Indonesia.

And always work cut out names or like five aliases

why they wrote than he wrote dream. Look it up zero hour, he wrote dream

my real father run our dreams. My father reasonable follows the documentary and energy does not Frank Marshall Davis, the communist famous pornographer tat he spit.

Farmers. Will you look side by side sustained guy, so they were worried. That was very frank, Marshall Davis, but it actually,

 

in his mom in, like a scam make it.

Lay off, she would see. I bring that people that you ask it sham marriages to have them emigrate. It was basically a cover up with effective, is real. Father was fright, Marshall Day was the communists, and so

to a bomb is real. Dad was enraged. Viral father breaks it all down its online, its prey powerful info

So what does that mean?

Just as a perfect example of you're not born in Kenya, you're really born in Hawaii on them. You know main city based I'll,

I learned how allude to Frank, Marshall, Davis right and your grandfather, CIA, your mother, she I that's all the declassified air, this kind

Prs mom was a CIA area. What was would she do for this?

she was a sex operative now and and and sheep

as for news, photos, Betty page style with sex operators in photos

fright, Marshall Davis was house, and you know

 

because you see these are very visible.

All involved. I've read dreams of my father where he admits. I stated Frank: Marshall Damage this house. He was like my dad, my grandpa

I had a special unspoken relationship of their markets, look up, Obama, Frank Marshall, Davis,

or Obama real money? You thought about? What do you think about the conspiracy theory that the Obama was like bread

by the CIA the whole way through otherwise troops on third, a really

We said she. I e that just means like a marketing project of whoever was in power at the time.

For eight years. Who was in charge of that? Whoever shows interest can go

then his basically me involved.

And rolling the levers of the social

engineering other society. So what does that have to do

Obama growing up did

we're those rumours that he was at an end

a CIA agents in Pakistan, while he was supposed to be in Colombia, we

 

he probably exactly probably spent six months, the others a supposed father Brok for Speranza second versus right, Marshall, does her. I think you looks more like the other brok. Ok, well, look up the linear look.

Frank Marshall, damages pornography and is- and I will do no such thing Obama's mother clear.

In the Motors grant he allowed his book dreams of my father.

Many many stayed with fright. Marshall day was ok but but listen, that's not the issue.

We what I asked you, though, to get back to where we start from was why did Trump chase? After that whole, he was born in Kenya, shit for

because he knew a shiver hot with the public and he wanted to know the

answer to it as well and didn't like two things: Obama was done, who it was a weird thing:

because if you were a guy who was a white guy and we wanted to prove your burnt born Austria but

 

you had some birth certificate that said, you're born United Sates spoke perfect, English, but yet a square jaw. You look like you're from the frozen north. This mother, Fucker isn't free from

Austria, dude, I'm telling you it's from fuck in Austria, and then someone like made a big deal out of it and gave you like a fake birth certificate, and people wouldn't do

never hear racism, then interesting, like you were here,

yeah, this guy might really I've been born. Other minded and something that I wouldn't worry residents are get bits of ratio been instantaneously, gets connected to racism does an assumed racism with almost

Why is it color, Morocco by any accusation? I love Jimi, Hendrix use Music

What color is long watch hours of rest, our pretty good

good Zile. All of that show. I'm telling you is yours:

Frank, Marshall, David Central. I believe it is in its crack you how conclusive it is my mom and dad are we talking about

five years ago? That's crazy! Let us see the film about who they are

are they were blown away, but listen. Let me with the big picture. Please the elite admit that

 

They are studying humanity like their breakaway civilization, they believe they're taking the best tat is manatee and building

breakaway civilization of technocracy show they can train

send us. I want the public to know the decision has been made

Tom you down, Vulcanize Utah,

Are you against yourselves? Have regional wars play people off against each other?

and then basely released by others that wipe out both the population poking, while the allowing transcendent genetic pause is right here who are the Elite

like, when you say the elite, who are these people and how did they get together? They hold on a second. How do they all agree? Who votes to

how they decide, which our material in Taipei Super billionaire characters like runnin shit. So how did they get together and all agree on the south side of agendas that will empower their individual agendas and are pretty much let into those power structures? Earlier

 

side of them because they are a burger. Bizarre, build a burglar alarm of Rome builder burger at the Club of Rome Davis Club of Rome. Is a population reduction. Ruby,

do not enforce dot com right now. There's an article in a video I cut about over whimpering are not things about person here,

these part of a secret eugenics group, although I can stop right there. Oliver, I said I'm not saying she's a bad person but as he is part of a secret eugenics trip everywhere, that some are really hydropower like killing weak people.

In the hope of a really good person, though yeah

That's a larry! I dislike absolutely so you can go there. It's the truth, while over went very ok and adjust deals with its new sawing, Oberlin, free and secretly your face, you Excelsior with the other toilet, you think she's in secret meetings, with like the build up our group was. She admits that okra to report that they had met on the news to reduce population.

 

I we looked at first live like that, but when assessing the brightness blight now, when somebody areas that can hold please when suddenly

Her says something about reducing the amount of illegitimate babies born or them out of babies are born because there's no birth control. A lot of

or on a statements, get construed into population control she's in this area. Only then people start sand she's in the population control, and that means was shown. The sacred meetings and she's push

and she's tax, I'm not a no secret meetings. Are you no secret me image? I don't you go to this link that we like to have you ever been in one s, eager meaning at its regular? Why do you hear what they said? Yes did you stay said they want to kill half the people now

they say that was really not you believe me rather wasn't. I remember that

that was the house real shit. You know big Fuckin, Jim Brown types did mean that is like. If you want to go back to leg conspiracy, theory fuel, like people,

excited about something when you find out

 

There really are a bunch of global. It leads to get on the ranch and they got a fuckin giant stone our

and they burn up a bundle of wood in effigy and they all where fuckin masks and shed, and then you actually have video footage of it and is weird

sort of a ceremony they're doing and whether a is ethnic or not that easy or pretending it is would have wished

however, it is its crazier and I was like

and they hijack leeward as yet go into that. How did you sneak into the bohemian grow? Those amazing while people,

I wish. I was sadly levy, and it was quite like that we have inside her wanting to get me and actually see it, and most people are bad go to it. But the point is it's kind of a gateway into

all of this maize, and so this is? U apple. He mean Grove and you're in your on the other side of liquor. Looks ILO ponder something as ill. Frida plenty goes beyond all care. May fire make merriment with your dust meagre? No, it was so

strange. It was so bizarre, listens

 

a guy in the speaker, blaring out across the garage I play it put lit. What's with places

was water runs here

something to play for high school. It is it's all play, but we're late

it started that work as as

we entertainment. So what are you

This is just some really ancient ritual that their redoing. I thought it was no big deal too. I was in the crown of old man that risk lavishing. They were like loved and actually ejaculate in their pants. Such advice. You sure project

We now know they were like did ecstasy. What is it about p?

all that love those secret societies. I remember that J F K speech about secret societies will not tolerate yet a fuckin beautiful speech why they guessed

 

pull up Jimmy Pool of J of CASE bureaus evils. I want power over others. Adele crave, shrine secret essence right, they're, looking for that, seek replace them most. I yeah no absolutely nets, but that's just like your time

about pedophiles. Just like it. You know any other deviant

There are no winners. Lingering yeah, I want to go in a big pile of stakes,

I bear on a nicer, has cranked up. Ladies and gentlemen, the very worried secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society, and we hours of people inherently an historically opposed to secret societies.

The secret oath and a secret proceeding on by myself jail Transatlantic put this item of you were an angel is excessive and started about secret societies. A pertinent facts far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it even to

 

There is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it, and there is very grave danger that in announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment that I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control,

and no official of my administration, whether his rank is high or low civilian or military, like should interpret my words he had, and I kill as an excuse to censor the news to stifle descent. They knew it to cover up our mistakes or withhold from the press and the public. The facts they deserve to know

 

We are opposed around the world here. It is by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence on infiltration instead of invasion on subversion instead of elections on intimidation instead of free choice on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day it is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly Nick

 

highly efficient machine that combines military diplomatic intelligence economic size started about common political operation. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headline its dissenters, silenced, not praised. No expenditure is question. Nor rumor is printed. No secret is revealed. No president should fear public scrutiny of his programme. For from that scrutiny comes understanding and from that understanding comes support or opposition and both unnecessary. I am not asking your newspapers to support and administration, but I am asking your help: pushing the tremendous task of informing and alerting the american people

 

for. I have complete confidence. We until then that's a that's such a crazy speech, because it's him talking about the structures that were already in place and about the dangers of withholding information for people and him being forthright as apply

as an end in a way that we ve never heard before sense. I gazed literally talking a jail tramp tramp tramp spring and I dont know what to tell you. Well, let me listen.

Winkler he's talking about our own military, industrial, complex and Eisenhower. Just warned about his outgoing predecessor. He thought about this

is there at the same time he was really smart, cookie,

the eyes and our warnings where the creep use things inhuman, oh yeah, about them, really where the military council, you have k that sounded like you signed by Communist pull up, I shall how warns of the military industrial Complex Walter US. He did it, but just be good, but there's a clip that just has that so

segment of it. We only saw four year. There was a lie. He says there is a scientific, technocratic elite. That is it

 

and of all information about to shut it down the public, and then they will

control the military?

she'll, be where the military yields in the military was bad right. He said these ten military industrial genesis we're about it.

Control over the scientific people, Dolly about saving and finally,

it goes it Jamie. This is they address. Rudder is my fellow. We now stand in years past the mid point of a century that has witnessed for major war among greatness.

Charles right type, Eisenhower, military industrial, Complex Frazier.

He's. Gonna say it in here somewhere, but it's a three minute speech at sea

save any suicide Alex, it seems like tromp, everybody got us more people, it indifferent points of their life. They begin to realise how much

any lies. I been told they begin to wake up, they're, not totally woke up, but they begin to wake up, and then they find

 

about nine eleven, but don't believe all this other shit, and then they find out about this, but I don't believe in all that other than they find about that and then

the very high level that the dude there's like yeah

All this shit is true. If you could follow the money, it's probably true.

Might be wrong one or two or three times, but generally we're dealing with a totally crooked situation. That's what are they doing there, not stolen money from corporate

patient, you still money from a corporation, is going to come after. You kill you with what they're doing it's. It's the master,

of stealing tax money. That's what this is all about:

This is stealing tat. Nobody because nobody's gonna go after you still time.

Why are you get all these programmes in these bills? Pass was play this girl, Jim

 

military contracted the tax payers pan for all their lives are good, are all involved. So is the very structure of our society in the councils of government, or must we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought by the military industrial complex, the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exist and will persist. We must now

let the weight of this combination endanger our liberty or democratic process to scratch. If they'd, let that out like it was so tat. If you think about this back in that

early days of radio in the early days of moving pictures

only refer to all the members that where they hurt at all,

The elite had access to this

acknowledging moving pictures. Radio right from the gig go wrong.

From data. When I want to get right from

 

they want. It wasn't like your average guy was trying to help you manatee the guys who had

technology, where I am

believe. Whatever the fuck we say back in the day,

you'd, listen the radio, those news reports or when the movie pictures were rendered madness. Yes, that's what I'm talking about right, wouldn't go tv movies, radio and all of it was propaganda. Origin would never left out.

On his aliens involve an historically talk about propaganda lies in our had l, L eminent sir, come to him who loves the chairman,

George. You tell him in search of his now just Google operation- or I know about that sure shouting

German. They said we all want.

Terror attacks in America and sort of war or the Soviets cycle?

another evil the we're going to do that so far

Kay comes here, the same guys, gonna make him do it. He refuse so they kill him

 

while they wanted to have drone jet liners and blow them up and blame it on the Cubans, not alone they wanted to arm Cuban Friendly's an attack Guantanamo Bay? They had a bunch of really crazy shit planned when you re

as one of its operation northwards was, and he really

this assigned by the joint she's scare staff. It scared the shit out. Eu legislation is real world talking here. We're talking here. Does it doesnt? Let's get a shit? Are you there,

Well, there's an unfamiliar mind that is still today. It's two thousand. Seventy doesn't a blow. Your minded. People still think that nine eleven happen

the way it what you will get to dine eleven on racial northwards is a hundred percent principle that crazy acted declassified. Two thousand

when people realise that that was a real documents. U S! Government plan to star wars, Russia and She'Ll- be my blog, Moby theatres.

Have you as military bases, kill american capital till american military people hijack Jed's crash him have seen

 

get on board of faint plane? Lands? Are the real plane lands of fake plain attacks? Was it was nine love eleven

just bananas, that someone would actually sit down. I liked by patriots six.

Before, and I love a drive to stop. It really

I'm not saying islamic terrorism real something blushing than did it.

Some super dark state group,

Congress shall have the twenty eight pages, vindicate nine slash, eleven truthers that Saudi Arabia with people that they had gotten to convert to Islam and paid off of their trillions, and they got trillion

had joined them and some larger plan to blame. I rack

their countries that were not radical, so Saudi Arabia could take em over who, who put

together, nine eleven shy Arabia, Muslims, I'd ourselves with anybody, so

in a very these other kinds of the outer to happen in the? U S and the? U S wasn't involved. Of course,

well, who is in

All who are the key players in nine eleven. It's it's totally compartmentalize show you run a drill of the

 

world Trade Center and the pudding arming attack on that day, so that the plan

Angel told one around our judges. That was a drill that was supposed to be run that day and all came out, a drill that was

Bout, an unreal it rains. I wasn't repulsed false flags. It seems like ok, we're gonna do false lag. We need to set up

the drill they need. A drill going on about voting require it's ninety nine point. Nine percent of the government was involved because of computers. It was a test, then it is to have a hundred times more staff,

No one will know cause it's all remote activated the jets by them we're all remote control every jet for twenty five years. The big new ones has control. Moreover, control

it's all its old, it's crazy man, there's just

snow or unmanned. Absolutely

 

well now there man, it's just taking the go on autopilot, stupid violence. If you think about a remark, is dumb. It's bad members will remember what you said about the drone gentler engineer. We're gonna blow that jet liner and blame it on the Cubans that wasn't gonna be a gentler. Philip peoples can be a drone, have the capability? Nineteen sixty two of doing

which here, how did the outer doubted Robert Kennedy, your jail caged elder brother, who was Joe Junior, die

He was quite a fighter plane remote controlling to be

contained blow with explosives as drowned crash in Germany.

They had drums and world war to Jesus Christ. They had drones and world war, two

what were they powered by Google Cave Kennedy? How did you

get a junior die.

Does it mention ever germ seem like, can only their father now jokingly, Junior, the crazy thing about the Kennedys is. Is you know if you

 

lot of times you see criminals come from like a good family,

And then you see Robert can

John F Kennedy. They come from Ghana,

this data is a gangster straight up mafia

Then he has two kids. They thought they had, I'm under control, Greece from a mafia family

nay, here's, the owner of the mob guy is a guy named joy, and it is now we're because it's like you're the opposite of your parents, like you want to go against your prayers. So Robert Kennedy,

and John F Kennedy. They want again

that shit

Rachel

the only reason over individual them out my support. Bab stole Illinois formerly and ass, the man imported John,

Kennedy was hanging out with Frank Sinatra, then all of a sudden he flipped- and you know what he stopped hanging out- Frank Sinatra.

He started changing his ways. Something flipped did. Did he ever kid died?

something like that is that they make something made. Em flip, I thought I'd read some.

 

Could be total Bush, also how it could be that he had a son

the die than made him flat. We're gonna go to Joe Kennedy Junior here. You feel you guys that could make you think so

We therefore assure your kid dodge you're like fuck this

I'm Goin varies very nice all right, yeah you. I thought this work could be worse. Working

my son already died. That's what we're there weren't! You d come after you,

you like, a fuckin Apache savage with nothing to lose

Joe Kennedy Junior was killed in action while serving as a land based patrol bomber pilot and world WAR two and with passwords

We awarded the Navy Cross Alex Jones, throw endowed Alex just dash. Do your fucking

you're on fire. This was

was three hours of theirs people out there. Just now, you don't believe you notice laying down

 

they're like game. A mother, fucking thrones gear. Yes, you are all I know is there's people in the government. They want to empower people and their trundle good job.

I'm, not anti government. I don't have a good constitutional government and the truth is, I couldn't believe one in my penis contacted me up

reach our budget reserve of came to me out of the aren't sea side. Like the number one passes nobody had read passes, I go behind a she's, always Tommy, but back in the bag deal

the secret service. Again there sits Gub I'll come up with

tell somebody Hilary gave us a contact. Number Linux, mother and contact you about a month later.

I got a contact to go. Can you come down? Cuz nothing's digital can come down and meet at this place, so I can go down and meet that will meet one of my other people as well as where they work was like they're hitting both sides of operation.

And, I said to me: Hillary has seizures like every thirty minutes. She's got an ambulance as black. She falls down all the time. Just have your people at her event will see her falling down. She covering it up

 

sure enough. A month now set on air. A month later she falls down a road cameras. We had footage, wait before it.

Cleveland again saying pleasures back to lose key battleground and she

was there for an hour in this emergency tat? Were they with ambulances and stretchers? Some tony I mean

real sources that really

care about what is happening in this country and every

They told me was dead on you know a scary,

My government lakes, let's go

go back. I also you bring an hour. The Hilary thing

very bizarre because nobody was supposed to mention it, but you weren't supposed to mean

that's just fallen down shows that weird, like gas and algae and heritage of ammonia. They said. Oh, she had pneumonia. Let me take some other pneumonia. You know it I haven't done. I have an ever walked and just fallen down while walking

Billy freighters the background and this risky, its known

two thousand twelve hours for Eleanor. Had she got of severe concussion. That was where Ayn Rand, urging for my sources. We asked John Hospital for year them

 

she was now. She was fucked up for six months. Aquareine Clinton bill. She associations, we don't know where she is

and then meanwhile, I'm told her she's falling, not all the time she looks like hell on tv

and then secret service says. Look you've got the people, get up off your ass and follow her. So we follow her in like five cities we didn't catch it. We were in New York, they sneak her out. She falls down having epilepsy every fifteen.

Study manage. The point is my intel was good. They gave us

info. So what are the elite thinking, they're, gonna put

somebody with epilepsy its answer, but do you think that it was just

Their idea was sheen hold togethers anything rather than their citizens. Take just one or two get her through get all those girls like, oh my god, everything's gray, and then they pass all these mother fucking bills, and it was I

seem to me that when all this was happening, that people so desperately wanted to not look at it, because the alternative is Trump, it wasn't it

 

taken an objective, look at angle, while maybe she shunned ready black and out, and then you consider that man

of head injury that she had two thousand twelve, which is real. It's a fact of life,

When you bring that up dogs, they think if you bring that up, you can achieve

people's opinion and you're gonna help trump. When voting that logically glittered, like little self conscious print to monitor, started erotic, which cameras about Trump that one too so that we can give action idle claims,

have all the answers, and I'm not here to boost your trump cuz, I'm tied to his wagon five pack trap how to make more money. This isn't about money. It's about the trip,

Tromp really has tried to cut taxes, it make people successful wealthy. He really does

care about the average person, the elite of central planning slave people to make folks poor and all

Asked you to do is get past. Thinking that you're part of this

Our fishermen are you're smart, because your aunt Trump Mass you'd actually look

is really being going on and understand that Democrats Republicans come and go summer, gossamer bad. The whole power structure

 

has been against Trump for very serious reason. Trump is coming

after them

really is attempting to bring down this whole global system, and that's all

A regular sides want you're viewers measures. Now, I'm not some

We lack life, you should only raised him being its bush. I wish Obama would have been real. The points they got to Obama would drop. He doesn't give a shit

They admit their offering a money, everything he doesn't less. So you think what

could he sees you, Obama could have been is who he was when he was running for office that he was a radical element of change. Hope and change,

to close down Guantanamo Bay. He wanted to do all these things, but one July at all,

here, the groove our oppose nerve and about during his administration the d A decide

to not take marijuana off.

Schedule, one everybody knows it

schedule. I was the cover. Gradual one means no medical, you

please don't like electronic means, that's what it means to be schedule. One, that's crazy that marijuana sketch one when it's the most useful out of all the dish.

 

In very silly smart. You are Joe. You smoke marijuana lot about yourselves markets deftly not bad! I'm just smelling, and I gave a thing here. I know you can visit less had serious. That's all I'm telling you it lets trump about water.

Conversations about let the people now I mean tromp really wants to make poor people, ridge,

He really wants to defeat collectivism, relativism he hates all the

bashing, my family and what's collected

the new world order collectivism is this thing like you're, not individual you're, like part of a group and Trump cards

and I can't stand sees a businessman. Business deals, we're China has like thirty, five or six

and she tariffs on us. There's no way get even compete and their shut off our power plants with regulations, but not there's one.

We do that, then. What what is the reason? Why? Because our relates under quite frankly under under under Kissinger and and and the courts,

 

The president, who is in that next,

They made a one sided deal for a leads to go: make deals with China on their billion plus slaves.

That kind of sending me they're, like slaves to leverage out

ass the whole world's industry and trumped doesn't like this. One sided deals. We sang listen, we're not gonna impoverish, America,

Power America and actually use american power,

my freedom worldwide. So let me get this.

Four guys like needed all protocols alone. Promises like

what you're saying is in Layman's terms the elite that the people in power

people that have the green light power to sign these treaties. They were may be offered couple meal

couple meal there in front of sign this to sell.

The country out, so that they can make ten million five mail there build anything like that.

 

You ask, colonise by corporate, take over artists and trumpet the instead f you so we're detector

global system they built for nothin, taken away from them and have the true new amount

Can millennium, not the new century? You listen to his

we have the time if you wanna play, is eighteen minutes share to the union,

big STAR or not alone. I'm gonna play that already deals with Fidel his here

his his global

nah eurasian speech. He lays the whole beautiful bechamel

and so if anybody ever wanted to actually have some money trying to make them great and wealthy and powerful it's Donald Atra. That's why the whole

eight, the whole power structure, Hollywood, all pedophiles, every damn demon, every pot bellied one inch fucker

You know they are all against tromp, because he is pro human and he wants to dominate always people. It is active, album

He won't benefits of the ego every now and then ever known

 

He's only helped him run here, offers it any. He talks to you in any calls you right, I mean that's. It uses the other people. You know people think they don't know our Jones. They believe the mainstream media when they try to crucify me and say that button quack and is it well Alex you need honestly, is someone attemper you you

need me right next to you all the time to balance your car powerful. This is you.

Being right there that you're, like the fucking shit on calm down on you, gotta bio suit on you, fuckin Ray

God, you're like okay. We need this alien to benefit our humanity, but I gotta put this guy

damn vile Sudan, because you ve gone crazy, just scattered, discovered to steer them occasionally.

Just give you get on rats and you'll you'll could connect for five different, non related subjects

 

that's that's beautiful guy that does guy the does die otherwise go right after ran after ran after redwood no teleprompter. Only guy that could do is

is that your mother? She was just use rise, and here I am actually very uneasy that Joe is finished all my sentences and knows more than I do, and its

similar action on. He doesn't know all I don't know more than you do me now. You know more than just as much as I know. Every document every secret programme report may do all out of universal holes using this at all, even fog of that you are really listen. Microsoft, buildings sector above all x, Ray Comic Micro, scar, pig.

Bacterial atomic split the goddamn critical mass comparative Joe Rogan, I'm nothing! Nothing and I've talked so much

shit about conspiracy theories that I feel like. I need to shut the fuck up, because I don't want to

 

for all of us rather new areas, shades of the others?

questioning on your own, the mystery and I'll just receiving the priest cleared up yes, but I'm not trying to walk away from my pockets.

Nobody out that nobody was listening, but now people want me to go back there. Nobody, but listen. I don't want to

be a conspiracy guy like you, I don't want to be there, but

Listen to you and you are my canary in the goddamn com as long as you're alive I feel like,

ok to say it, but I'll tell you this. Every time I come to you, the fight companion do Joe Rogan experience. I swear

oh god. I tell myself this this fight companion, no mother, fucking crimson

 

is there a pleasant level alive? I call joke and I'd call they have dropped by combating illegal, Joe Emily, but suddenly good news, because I want you to discuss whether we organise something in me wants to help people for some reason and a lot of times my enemies like flock, damn make a fuckin. You know to be blocked them, and am I damn it? I just walk away because I am compelled

help, but I'm trying to make money. I've. Conspiracy theory: I gave a conspiracy theory pop goes right now and I'll be ok, I'm not even try to do that. I don't want to do that. I don't wanna, be they got a lot of EU, but something inside me

the fuckin money, stolen, someone's question, I gotta son

I want to make sure: did I fucking do ever

then I can for him because out of work,

I don't want to leave him with some shit that I could change

 

inside of me, I'm like on the firm saw, the time which are full of wonder. Therefore, when you oversell yes, because of your oversell than you actually turn people the wrong way, they look at any conspiracies it being preposterous, even the ones at a real like sand. Dusky, like the catholic Church, like some

the other ones. Before there's a ton of unlike pastor, who is the speaker, the Fuckin House, pedophile, there's been a

lot of firing, so it's really good at ourselves, but then I can hold on a second Eddie. It's really critical. Whenever you discussing s things, you get all the fuckin ducks in order before you pick aside its super import,

because any time you make some crazy claim and it's connected tokens.

Piracy theory and proves to be wrong. If Fox, with all

ones that are now you're here late. I'm all right Marie! I would understand level Santa buildings,

also a saying that it's like there. I hurt me there that dumb there

our a joke? It's a joke. Me man,

 

it should not yet I gotta isn't beforehand thereof

fine Melissa, getting no somewhat more serious, now yeah, but I don't know they're, not some other Alex. Let me ask you something really quickly. Very importantly, ass, a super important at act like

I was trying to say this earlier, but we had to go back and finish that mob this very important I I teach I got students all over the world

I got schools all over the world.

All my students, or will start to wake up. You know that's like a metaphor.

Firstly, there was like a different times. Some are just ended, we for Jujitsu, but they believe

see an inside out a precise. It takes three years and the like: oh shit, they started more weight and damn they're all all over the conspiracy. Everybody awakens at a different point, no matter how smart they are,

get your masters your phd. You could be all I'm a scientist or whatever, but you're working for the government and you in thinking about but listen, listen. Do you think? I'm gonna do that.

 

Donald Trump is in the middle of an awakening, gunners reawakening by percent real,

he's, like is Z, in the middle of an awakening. Yes,

because if you could have easily been a billionaire too much to you,

ago. Could who bought

the mainstream shit, but he was a billion or even give a fuck about the mainstream. He's cutting deals, blown on terrorism, but now at some point, no matter where you walk, no matter how smart you walk, you awaken a little little by little and I from Donald Trump knows, which way the wind is going.

And, as Julius Caesar in in in the famous play

Shakespeare of Julius Caesar. There is a tide in the affairs of men were taking the fleas on the porch or, as Mark TWAIN said,

getting a patriot scarce man. I hated scorn but scorn for the tablets cost exceeds it costs. Nothing is going to patriot. So here's what you

happening right now, there's a major shift happily and tromp really wants to empower the people global.

 

And so

I'm trying to get at is it

some really big things are happening in this way

oil, and people, watching should

conservative or liberal do you'd, stop dressed ivy from what do you want

say globalism. What do you mean by that pleased to find that

the lesson is like NEO colonialism, but its corporate colonial,

some over humans in

visuals government states old world.

New world its world

Colonial Rothschild, rather than national its monopoly

Is it rots, dominated populations and create?

centralized systems of monopolies and control was too in innovation. It was to end up

mobility widely lawnmowers in his answer globalism corporate world government? What do they want to stop innovation

because they see how suburban they see it.

They call disruptive technology and humanity soap.

Powerful you ve already got a monopoly. So is this a reason consideration after it has been an internet has been marketed levels:

 

Maybe he s ok, you're, partly through since they ve

We got control, they want competition in their own country.

They don't want challengers. They seized control, human psyche, human development to the star

they ve got it all that they go to get rid of humanity, renewing gods, whatever dimension there too,

and told them, so they want debates to end and they want authoritarianism they want and what we have in the Balkans.

And how is how is Donald Trump Gonna? Stop this a bulky mafia

you, don't you see it as making both from Africa the harder you holding it happens, Alex how you hoping that what has gone wrong. I have to do with blocking chances. Are energy siphons, revamping the catch, of course

he actually cut taxes, the orbital middle class and gets rid of tax incentives for really rich he's not coming after the wretch, but from it.

Perspectives, Republicans are cheering,

If so, is that what you want to do you want to cut taxes for everybody except a wretched, showing her real it?

 

seems like the opposite of what a rich guy would do direct, but he understands like Henry Ford: did

You got to sell a car where people had to do a ford to buy it. You got to pay her employees like by if he wants real prosperity does.

This is primarily get off in his ears, limousine random,

I burn out old towns disease.

This been announced this tax plan, so Jimmy Chin

the poor, but it says that's fascinating

that'll change people's opinions. If that really does happen, people can save a significant amount of money in tackling the problem. The globalist admit they want,

global consolidation? They want to global downturn,

Breaker bodies will and accept all the new taxes, regulations, and so tromp is racing.

Memory. They have eight years zero percent interest, but it was only the big banks. Trunk separately

Europe agenda for one year, you know is against it, but for poor people to get zero percent interest who hears Althea anyways, the bank's lose the body. It's all just right

 

they're, killing at all now and raising raising taxes, trump tax reform that will make Amerika great again the goals of Donald Trump Number one: tax relief for Middle class America. In order to achieve the american dream that people

more money in their pockets and increase the after tax wages number two.

Simplify the tax code to reduce headaches Americans face in preparing

taxes and let everyone keep more of their money so

he's land these already implemented. It, though

fourteen were twelve days and we ve already got he's doing it

so you're single. Oh, you earn less than twenty five thousand dollars or married and jointly earn less than fifty thousand dollars. You will not

Any income tax failure of shit,

holy shit and attaches a model that removes nearly seventy five million households old over fifty percent of the income tax rules, whether they get a new one page form to send to the Irish saying I win.

 

Those who would otherwise. Oh, how crazy is that they get to see,

a new one page form to send the IRA saying I win

those who would otherwise o in

I'm tax will save an average of nearly one thousand dollars each year. It's not that

here, the lowest briar the pay taxes new, mostly don't pay taxes. You know what do people in

Taxes are for rich people here

Reggie probing, but if you get it like, if you will, the money

Look at this statement, no business of any size from a fortune, five hundred to a mom and pop shop

A freelancer living job to job will pay more than fifteen percent of their business

come in tax, it s time,

Slower rate makes corporate investments in versions and unnecessary by making America's tax rate one of the best in the world as a whole.

We have the highest rates, so nobody wants to beer.

 

No family will have to pay the death tax holy shit. You know about that

yeah, that's giant! That desire ever man doesn't tromp is forever. I always tell you, earned and save that monitor your family and not the government. You paid taxes on it when you earned it. That is so

You ever read his errand advance, a beautiful tax plan that death taxes disgusting so give you less money for your kid. They would

take half your money, they take out a summit,

the giant chunk of it and he sang that's not gonna happen anymore. That alone, that's a beautiful thing.

Very good. There is always raised trumpets paint, ok painted I land either that seventy element like through like pushing by families with kids like

Harry, was yelling at family just one way forward. They, like literally push bath hispanic families and black people.

 

Streaming! Kkk now and I looked at him on tape. It is more like what feels good for people to have a clear enemy and if they can justify in their minds, are a white supremacist or anybody on the all right is a real security. I trumps K, K, K and clarity

Only that happens to you right. Well, I wonder where it's like their inner dimensional connected. Likewise, in all these blue euro loser slap you with a face the back of the head- it's like how are they so maybe they'll that is the greatest they give ever says. No, I'm sure it invited a door for people go on who you're a loser and then try to slap you in the back. I started already. You started

common good in their mind at least, and no one gets arrested. That's a good thing,

it's a larger lol. I know we ask of traffic, for a lot of people are made an annoying. What would you do if, like almost half the timing, logic ear and rushed or someone I'm sort of slapstick,

about your autonomy, that happens to you right. Well, I wonder where it's like your inner dimension.

 

Connected like. Why is always blue-

a loser, slap you in the face of the back of the head

it's like. How are they saw? The old, though, is the greatest they give ever says. No, I'm sure it doesn't invited a door for people who you're a loser and interests Lapierre, thereby started authority. You start

human meme care. The hoary asked: how are they so think of years? Really? Well, you have women going on.

Bar? While

guys? I sat by the media shaped by the media and I'm out their peacefully videos

on Saturday at the drums inaugurated, India,

before I leave, and there are a few

white male they're all white women. Have you your hard all about good and they put hats on they burgers script?

a joint, Yod, he'll, never

me I'm like a lion, I got your generals often put on a slight block. I dont get where

I've never done anything to women and all these word as women included, easy police rarely bullet

 

Is there a world where these big hats and then

got attacked praising

on this and also saying that you're drunk- that's, not you're, absolutely not. I didn't think so. Now the fruit is

the headline was Alex Jones kicked out of an

you re where they have people blogging, hindrances, zero fence,

you can try it in you. I was

the whole thing is it's it's very though the whole movement is very aggressive. You know like a response to what

they think is aggressive. You know

you're all of their slick, asking questions muscle

John. We have heard, let's be serious. Okay. What is your real world view on the nature of consciousness

on this planet and air galactic space?

I have been a really honest today, again allows romancers so metaphysically one

the secret of the universe. This is what I think

There was a little le organism. Tat was just recently discussed. I tweeted it I think yesterday, and they think it was.

 

One of the very first organisms that was the precursor to what we eventually became an all violence

Herbalife Life all like living walking. Things came out of this one multi celled organisms. Right, yes, and one thing I think, as that

happened whatever hundreds of millions of years ago with the numbers, but whatever

however, long billions of years that happened to go. If we keep going

in that same direction. Whatever we are now, what is gonna be totally unrecognizable

just a few hundred years from now, a few thousand years from now or if we just do it by a large

Ashley a million years now, but I think that if human

beings. Man stay alive for a law,

terrorism and not blow each other up or on the cusp of

figuring out how to manipulate our very beings like to the point where we're not gonna be people

anymore. It's exchange, that's it. Humanity is at the crossroads and that's my message today

we have decided, they think the corset

 

revolution I mean

to say, should

We decided to have a debate about. Why? Don't I throw the general referring to replace the people? Have this insatiable need for innovation that fascinated by

want the newest phone, even though their phone worked perfect, they just wanted they have. This desire to weird thing is just like we're talk

about like these. These things aren't designed to make you addicted to him, you're just addicted to their designed. Well, there's a weird sort of consent,

in that we have to this technology

This is because one Marshall Mcluhan desire for, I think it's because of what Marshall Mcluhan said, that human beings are the sex organs in the machine world. I really think that's what they're doing, I think all of us and

Gratian all this innovation of all this we are the primary prevailing. It is compelling. Focus on technology is because

evolution airily, that's where our biology goes. It goes to technology because it can manipulate it at a far faster rate in and in your saying, Bio mechanically.

Ethically through well

 

cells not square celeron. We do it more beautiful,

and strongly agree what you're saying over all? I don't think it's in either or shouldn't just expert Alex. I don't think it's just accept it they're going to be

The do shit in both ways.

Great. I gotta do something really revilers law Ermenonville, it's gonna have the point B scream at four hundred years. Public needs to know this side

you larger debate about what they did. They are learning about,

it is something we have to seek out all can, if oil, all the information control. I don't know about that. The information about isn't about innovation and energy, national insurance and hunted by Camacho, letting a lot of your comments and your daddy is your tony Fuckin Montana Run and the planet would you

that shit out of wood. You keep a fear, but it is not worth twenty montanans out running science. The thing is, the scientists are almost all involved in universities and different studies network and appeared to try to make a name for themselves. Are Europe's Loring all these different possibilities and then big companies that can profit off of it in billions ability

 

those like Sony or Apple were innocent? They chose to these people up and they will hold on a second. There thing is to innovate and make money. That's what they're. Therefore, that's what I'm doing the donors and will open took out a bit better now. Do not Tony Montana due to stand this you're talking about two different things: you Joe making all not some utopia known and talking about what a highly tryin to to benefit the Italian about what Intel ears one who makes iphones as it matter we're

having a real discussion about the future of the text.

Logical system of humanity. They don't want that. Discussion showed this things it, whether it's it's just

or Alex Jones already brought up we're all here

German experienced a discussion. The elite are

having right now in Calais route

now was Zuckerberg. I know for a fact

The army, when Soccer Bergen collide just visiting book two's about ally, but the whole point

their meaning he owns. Now we should discuss this happening. Is Facebook

 

part of their low monotony. Now you know our shit and the worst part of it come on.

Now you now we get our slogan in your programme. Are you ready to take that back

We don't know is I wanted in our programme. I do. I know you do know yet evokes often do pay the big issues of the world

the risk of our already. I wonder

Aliens.

Can you line, but keep coming back to that, because I want to know what do they know about aliens wayward? What are the real, ok, I'll, tear them

and what I say is not political and it's not from my particular local active.

Protests from the no knowledge in the universe. Ok, we live in a third,

dimensional blame. We can see the planet's the guy.

 

Galaxies the sun's hundreds of billions of galaxies photographed universes. We live in an amazing space time continuum. The elites believe that it's not in the third dimension that were mainly receiving transmissions ships, don't arrive from others and cherries or giddy prime for wherever there going from or Beale they come here to international gates are much closer through fold space,

and so we have to discuss the different influences. The universe and universe fact that we have free will, and we say we want, I don't believe in any of us. I am simply telling you what the elites believe so

They believe that there is another dimension and these beings are from it are diminishing abundant, imagine need baby blood rivalry and somehow they need baby. Our aim has arrived tuna. Ok,

we're really powerful. I would take this out more may the

far greater. Our brain is Evelyn

 

soon and allows dimension the highest measured. Humans are basically really powerful creatures that can live right.

The signs for highly radioactive. Nothing else will have its close. The very short lives, because we're like a hive off

Nazism that actually live. Second, the second in the space time contain a hundred years. It's a second.

We transmit our data up to live next. You likely STAR Gate, jump gates, serb that are sons.

So because we live so close to these signs. We only have like military

to be alive, so we're actually a hive organism is keeps transmitting up to the next species.

In our in our inner hierarchical system and then down below us sore,

live right now in this continuum and we're trying to progress and and and make things better,

Annie Elite you're are trying to make sure that we don't doubt internet incredible knowledge. We ve got ass a species of basically dies species. So then we're not competitors on the next level. As the Bible,

 

as of their dimensional plain began on, but here, but you don't believe that you're just saying that's what they really. Oh, yes, exact,

What do you believe that now I mean I believe in research? Do you think it? I believe in research to choosing? Did there is something from other dimensions? I can access us this this. We are other dimensions,

The third aspect is only one limited plain, a larger scale

you're doing leaves a wearable part of that spectrum. While I should say we're not in Kansas City more out of you

Dundee empty now? Do you want to? I don't need your airline

sleep. I believe that isn't it's like he's on natural, the empty ardently on Somethin man for sure I got a question for you:

You know how this is. This is kind of off the cuff little bed, but often track off the beaten path

but you know how the CIA has always been involved in Hollywood and make a boozing. You know like zero dark thirty, and you know these movies

 

Clearly propaganda movies, you noted a most like even movies. You think they weren't propaganda, but they are the latest superhero movies. How they're just are the plots and evil Oda gonna build a bomb, and all that is it? Is there

whistle blowers within Hollywood that are made

movies, just like like in Brazil, it was our martial arts were outlawed, so the people, the people there were about the true, thereby doing dance but whatever

disguising them or yellow requirements. Is. Is there to make other filmmakers like that out there that

trying to help humanity with the basis of their films ultra high, like everything else, there is good people and bad people having Hollywood

 

always bandwidth, which movies are the good ones. Tell me what's our market star wars are MIKE. Is this a bad one? That's propaganda. Allow the marrow treatment of these are good ones, yet, once again, once mail, which ones are the ones I should guy, you tell it really good knights right now. What about like when hang over one comes out

which does not determine because he didn't like hang over. Going

see, I is only the name of like one part of the shadow government, which is almost intellectuals of Amerika,

so those people on trumps. I'd now and that's the first time ever well, the CIA is there:

and perverts had so they must have been with Bush right, because Bush used to be the presidency were senior George Herbert Warrior.

 

So he was healthier. Here's the deal brain the CIA was shut up, supposedly job defend or a public and all the stuff it got hijacked by multinational interests has been reached.

And their claim the CIA out right now? Are you serious? That's fucking, breaking God, damn

news: potter, em for Wars BC, clearing house- oh my god, that's

are you kidding me? Wasn't that the headline NEWS on empty words right now in other areas, where Iraq teacher Alot of posted, really really crazy things for the sea

That's just yesterday. The CIA does like half of fighting and they were all pissed off and I were betrayed by April inside the CIA,

robots. Have the one on the right. Now, there's a cow,

within the c cleaner. Well, while their deadly Dr Jesus Christ jail. I like what I'm here

well see what happens, but are you? Are you happy about that

first. We really want to do it can. If it succeeds within

 

years, you're gonna hear major cancer is announced

you're in on energy systems announced here. I renew

companies announced they have suppressed all this stuff.

From what good people want to empower humanity. They believe

the species on the planet and big steps, but

goddamn crazy would be if Trump became hero s he but do not

raising the the country accepted them if they figure this out after. If this is all true, this all comes to exact as you're, saying which I really have no idea of your right

No, what you could play right now, how about that bill? Clinton clip that you played were haste,

talking about varying emigrants,

like more hard core than tries it all that everybody? How do you pull out? How does GMO Clinton and build Lebanon

river wall and the law?

does not idle halfway round history with them on the wall. She'll do a ladder over its metaphysical. That's like we're country were allowed to have as Mexico as one can as one can't. Why can't we? The big thing is just deport people that are

 

fair. We need people from Mexico in Russia and Japan.

Just a poor people are, and welfare is only support. The poorest ones then loving ass. We say if you won't do anything, and you come here yet

ok so when they come over here, you're saying give him a chance, but then, once if they try to stand welfare, there's even now was that we are more. Sugar now sounds good unmerited, Gordon Hordes of aviation, but that ninety nine lives. It is nine Tina devices here not only in the states most heavily affected, but in every place in this country are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. The jobs they whole might otherwise be held by citizens are illegal immigrants. The public service that use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why I noticed recently moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards by deporting twice as many

 

criminal aliens is ever before by cracking down on illegal hiring by borrowing welfare benefits. Steely, lately, label rallying cry. I will present to you. We will try to do more to speed the deportation.

Of illegal aliens who arrested for crimes to better identify illegal

aliens in the workplace, as recommended by the commission, headed by

we're Congresswoman, Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of emigrants,

but we are also a nation of laws. Is wrong and ultimately self defeating for a nation of immigrants to per

that's the kind of abuse of our immigration laws. We have seen

in recent years, and we must do more to stop

 

if that doesn't indicate truck and tromp on all that fence sharing also makes you realize what our too bad Motherfucker Bill Clinton was. Is troubling. Opening speech like that Glenn was that it may be right. What about when you're out their marching are taught on evaluating the wall if you're some chick out their margin talking about the wall, and you just heard that was, I realized

Giving you a chance, admit your Pont, it's ok, everybody gets powerful,

but from this point on shut the forgot about it,

that's. Ok, let's that's what are you getting guy? Isn't it? I wonder I give you full power game. You're gonna be in the region are out of place where I think we ve done it's five. We can all around us. We got it. We did a good job.

One more question, one more, I you know me

 

I'm fuckin fascinated with conspiracy they're, just like you every night due to watch and fights and boxing I'm listening to conspiracy,

There is every fortnight when I go to bed, I listen Alex Jones every day. Every doubt the one thing that gets did that I don't get. I get the estate

fishermen, I get the Illuminati. I get all that shit, but then

Ronald Reagan, every now, and then you have doktor Steep Botanic on your show and he's talking about

some serious conspiracy that raise all

should confirm and everything is deep in the sea. I confirm and should, but that when they talk

by Ronald Reagan. They talk about here,

the last great pressure- and I thought that actor that wasn't me

F B, I informed, is any show God Damn establishment, Ronald Reagan. I don't get

That explain Ronald Reagan. I mean georgian

Senior was the vice president DE

 

through the CIA Aegis seems a jealous, hangs out of this all. But this is wants alive. Ok, explain round of unity in this resolution is not explain. Well written good, we're just joking around punching earlier neurons, ok, but his

astrology close range, the literary why more hours he wants to know about run around in the polar regions address. Tell me the movies Architectural Ronald Reagan we're not in some blood vessels ragged, but after all the Obama globalization is. This tells a good thing,

again ran against George Herbert Walker Bush setting

was globalist, a sea world government. Then they told him at the convention

Ok, you wine for him

let you have it on a chevy, don't let her Rwanda budget and a year.

They shooting those really

that guy as all that,

dove one. Oh shit, I didn't sell Reagan, didn't get it agenda through and I

I got around quadrilles other stuff, regular, actually

the euro. The IRA's and a bunch of stuff, so yeah

 

anti cancer. He was running against George Bush. He beat him and then, when he got the presidential nomination for the Republican Party

they made him. They forced him to tell us the true story for still say grant all Reagan.

And I want to believe in Obama, but he's a total level is in us. Will this new?

tax things? Crazy? Do you? What do you think of that? It's pretty radical Joe got maritime training punches

I don't I'm crazy, given Trump on trumped gimme, a real people. There's people out there,

think trumpets, races and they

keys sexes at a whoremonger,

I think that more hormone nation such as a result, I do think it wise woman one could for him. While people do ok, so you think he's gay guy. I know trouser guy here

he looked at what is done is he's delivered like no president,

 

I believe that in so everybody wants ITALY every wants to find some reason to hate him and some reason to figure out a way to get him out of office, but shouldn't we at this point mean here he won their game writers popular to contest. He won the popular to contest, and that's really what

in presidential figure, out a way to get the most amount of people to say. I, like you better me, it's really what it is and he's the first truly popular person,

It's really good at manipulating the media to win the popularity contest. Everybody before him had just been a politician he's the first God it's actually

AMOS that then became your true voyna? It's never! However, we have our Ronald Reagan was thirty. One was an aluminum, twelve o clock,

Rather, that's only two and a half here, but the point being that he's it wasn't that famous

Ronald Reagan was a string trump and altogether.

 

So here is a movie star. Regular, you cut is true, but I don't think he was a big movie star. Think user questions later. Trop wasn't always, though no offense Christian Slater, I loved you and blade hey whose

Joe Joe

and blade right since late and blade job no gentleman dwarf.

As well controls later I was Ronald Reagan, Goddammit get alleys. Did he get is operating in this right now about John you once

I've time interview, we have got their relations working hours and no non three of its fiery and three and a half hours area. Where do we go live,

one was dirty willow.

One, thirty we're sitting the chair before when he's on us in time. I know she's. Ok, look at the clock right next to you see it's five o clock

fine. As long as you want it's all I know is some of your history should really told you the real truth

Ok, what I've research? You should believe him, a sham. Their total corporate oars think

going to happen. How do you think this is gonna play up now that you think this

 

sort of silent bloodless coup has taken place, and

guy has gotten through

this net that had been sat there to make sure that no one of them, the people that were already inside the system could ever run it. So he asked

he's running it,

we're right at all. Wants it,

time situation trump isn't pervert. He really wants empower humanity. All of us have to work hard, be involved here

views, put our ideas and just move forward but airplane.

To try to assassinate Trump. You think so, God

demonizing him same killing, him mean assassinating for real or demean assassinate him, like pop publication, like Paul

ITALY is actually they want to politically destroy his name and they want to politics

 

we also try to kill him. All I know. Is America had half the wealth of the world twenty years ago and five or so the world population we ve lost half that wealth and its that as we get more powerful, vague it more powerful and the elite have been trying to domestic

in America, not perfect, but we ve got ideas of industry and ideas and doing things that change everything.

And so the really this planet want to kill competition. They want to consolidate control

They want to end the internet of governments that America they were about its Hilary.

The one they would a sensor dear. Oh here, is how they look about. Facts are largely to private. Ever got pollyanna pieces together they were about to do it. Tom

line is Obama, establishes Ministry of truth three weeks before Trump takes office, one we gather promptly,

 

so ministry, truth being something that stops fake news. Yadda yadda, yadda news them government does not agree with your right. So the price

One becomes. How do we decide? What's gonna, listen I'll, go back, please go backwards, Obama's quietly signs the countering disinformation and propaganda act into law, while laid on Friday with

who s population, embracing the upcoming holidays and oblivious of most news emerging from the administration. Obama

quietly sign into law. The two thousand seventeen National Defence Authorization ACT which author,

rises, six hundred and eleven billion dollars for the military. Two thousand seventeen in a statement, Obama said blah blah

blah blah blah wears a sandwich area down. He over the governors,

board of governors, they Elsie said to the media, meaning federalized television shows every translations.

Your limbs animation all galaxies. Your website, my website everybody's website, when he gets what're you doing

just Obama last minute bills

 

all this. Should he signed Riley Latin re read little lower its

in the bill, Warrior

federalized can put about in a final and we're gonna federalized communications,

the CIA over the Board of governors of the federal communication.

Sounds so crazy did you would have been circulated and subject to that?

easily to talk about that, no more, of course, Hilary. What a one that would happen

we are under his clothes. I wonder if people would have ever went for that. That seems. Let me Joe Trump does. He is like actual too

warrior. My nose, retweeting Twitter,

scale watch this video clips he gets out here

he's in Hillsboro Z. There asked what you actually collage per year.

I'll say and frogs perfect. He tramped honest with anything going to come out against the point: is that he's a dick?

What kind of thing you can open now you, when I log element nine eleven, is he gonna

 

anything about this already. The fact that it almost of the garment work with Saudi Arabia to launch the September alot of attacks-

sixteen years ago going to reopen that shit. You well you think that think that imagine that a mansion

the reopening of the nine eleven problem. Madge shows about the moon, please Thompson released,

information but the alien basis, and with a nice question, what does he know about GEO Engineering right? What does he know about aliens,

not about aliens foggy. No, no, no, no. No, they let em trails, you don't fuck aliens, ok

Our lunch, you guys over Alias embattled round back on back on your journal here. Call I'm soberly lately on aliens envelope or lack of alien bigfoot. Do horizontal rebellions, ten years doing good so

 

ring rearing Langley Wing who Alex, Mr President, what's on well when the agenda forward to cut taxes, leaving while I to know about those secret space patients while Alex you gotta, come from TAT those me

jumped out. I want nobody asked Trump. If he wasn't learned some jujitsu, I get all private jet half I fly to New York to be withdrawn or drunk. I wanna see the buys

and bodies we got from on these giant or Alex he imagined on the show that would be huge for pro.

We're gonna do about it

Oh

if you want to know you, have to see us John Kerry, vertical or eat ever this more, we have to get forgone here. For sure. Let's go,

but whether now we're gonna eat or anything else, but it's already five o clock so we're out of three and a half hours in it.

The more they have saved for out here. Let me get another question: is it known Eddie I want to ask

 

I mean literally. I really think that trade is a tragic truth. Enforced outcome has

or articles are researcher. Videos are our podcast. What we do and are not left or right, I'm not liberal conservative. I'm really try

find out what's goin on the world, and so

for all these years, Joe spent, I love,

We find the lies, really good questions you gonna do.

All this I was gonna bring up. So you scared, he asked

just get crazy. You want to keep going to keep gonna keep going to go on, but I think sometimes, ok hold that thought expand

Blaine benign gums things. It will hold on a second Eddie things that are in your head self explanatory. You already know about it. There's a giant returned

people are listening. This have no idea what you're talking about it again,

I want to say this for the

no Rogan listeners have an open.

Mind. You heard him for three and a half hours download that up

in wars app startling soon they have any want. You do show and enforce thats the move to

Bravo radio comes back and enforce our

 

That is why we need a rogue sampler illicit bullets. Ok about opalescent. All I want people give him up.

A chair. He doesn't know shit about space, but when it comes to politics,

of base year when it comes to politics? He's ease

mastery. This gives the owes you on the other,

Helio Gracie Space here

Joe ruled out unless I'm up Jamie,

some scientists out. I have a very almost everything, countering foreign propaganda and disinformation ACT of two thousand. Sixteen the bill expresses the sense of this bill expressed,

 

the sense of Congress? That would a weird expression. Ok, what are we looking at? This is that bill that Anti propaganda bill foreign governments, including the government of the Russian Federation China, used if this information other propaganda tools to undermine the national security objectives, the United States and key allies and partners. U S. Government should develop a cop

preventive strategy to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda and assert leadership and developing a fact base strategic narrative and an important element

This strategy should be to help promote an independent press and countries.

Are vulnerable to foreign disinformation,

friends like that. Anna SAM is on the rug, sir, panicking they'll shut down our competition one American watching this are listening, doesn't think

should decide whether she was listen to it. Do you think that would be?

ever accepted that they would allow people

 

some one that works in a government to censor websites and Podcast Lama signed has already had, but avenues on China does that you're? After this they signed a bell dry, it delegate, craze notice. I tell you, look at Anville laws it s about podcast visit their back basically disappear. Conversation just people sitting down talking and if you, if you

stop. Put pure conversations mean. That is like one of these

most heinous foreign assets, anxious to let you can't some care they could try running off. You can't really did get an office in day really did try to implement with fright,

I almost wish Hillary would have won outside the power.

Iphone codes or whatever so torture, you think is just it doesn't work it's not

work and makes us look terrible. Is a foreign country lowers us of their level exactly but trunk him out of here

 

torture two days ago, gentle Galaxy changes might make good on stuff, like that, that's very and these waking up and when you think up, you change your mind on Zaza independently wealthy.

One of the Marines. That's probably I factor in this scouting he's are part of the

Obama, Hilary National, that's what I'm saying is that there's no calculation, I just

treat you like, I wanna, be traded. Big stuff is happening

Let me ask you this before we before we wrap this up. You know if Trot

Is this new stage of politics or new type parties? What kind of person do you think would be like literally the perfect person to run this country and what would the perfect person do wrong? Paul,

around pulse great, but I think it's Somalis worked hard and private business who really, as this is a success who loves America? Who has

through the gauntlet of demonization attacks and doubt whether the I Donald Trump,

how you wonder what he's been through man, whose Spencer there's gonna be a winner over

 

but in some calls Donald Trump? Rather I want to Haiti by wanted, not believe you so good, but man

he calls up again. I read your mind and knows what you

thinking about your like man, this guy

is like God of the devil. This tax thing is very fascinating. Only very interesting raises accident. It seemed into me up at the main street over nobody really millionaires round about it to me every time I turn on my phone, you, no one. I didn't ask for Fuckin Fox

whose bulletin board region they force feed me every morning Sienna. So what are your general? That experience ran forward? That's why you gotta slowly because Jos, real I'm real you're, real, whether we're probably not about it. We want to be real everyone.

Human human intelligence support is podcast

and enforce the Jerome experience and make this dominant, which it already is just to say, listen bitches, you may for

feed. Any Bravo about seen in.

New shit every morning, but you're fucking get the job.

 

Logan experience up your flock and ass,

oh Jesus Christ, there ever done

I turned my phone. What does CNN China FUCK enforce media, but where does Iphone force? Fiji

the possessed

Mama and it always jeers Cooper, antitrust every day about

did you know for sure that truck but disadvantaged group or a nice guy seems like a nice guy Mendoza. He worked there like

college right now beyond, beyond that he admitted it he's part of the light

websites, libraries in marking, we are real LE wait a minute I see.

As a whip division than ever. If you're the Astor family like he is or them Vanderbilt

Russia, Vanderbilt, John Jay, measure, Myerst wrath. His name is my

If you are, I Vas Arap. Now it's die now

 

Finally, at the very end, we're talkin,

in general terms,

sending information area, I think sometimes retard

my level, wars, stock and Joe Rugen experience and any Bravo

in Romania,

right here to do a rock and roll conspiracy theory, your network. If not, he believes you see, I am not sure how to desist go as well.

You thought beyond better better. This was fun.

Where it is also a joint approach. They what? What is it

thank your nine eleven. I also thought to be exactly like. This is as good as I could have hoped. We had a good time. We had allow laughs. We talked about some real shit. We brought

some news articles that can

firm allows crazy things, you're saying that make me like all those new arrests, those new rest about pedophiles and sex slaves, holy shit

that's real what story, whether what

 

What new source was that story of contaminated was ripe, and now how many different? Is it like all over the place and in a bunch different resources?

they're gonna have brought about the sex slaves and being releases and associated chosen it,

So I know what I'm sandstorm similar I'm Senor thinking. Tromp is a major force global force right now, Trump

and he talks Alex Jones. Alan Johnston

Joe Rogan and I'm here, because

Ro Gonna hold a god, damn ship

got some kind of lightning bolt gone through the world right now a cure, but it's not like Jos, like I always together more there and had to be like this, for it to be like this every every day before

today, however, went down how to be like this. For us. For this to happen,

Are you going to be years than eight years back? I June

some erasure, you gotta coming studio

 

That's an order that more than seventy four stores wrestling, many many many major new sites create Alex

This is the galactic thing going down right now, man well here some interesting things are happening to people and its happening at an accelerated ray and we're all part of that everybody listen ass. Everybody talking to France is everybody was wide awake and everybody reading the internet, everybody watching, documentaries, everybody reading books, everybody understands that. We know more about how things work today than we ever have before and its weirder than we ever thought EST and discover any credible. The crane,

thing is when people are european

not asleep, and then a wig Europe

sleep and then your partially awake you know about. Oh you discover you

You saw Zeit guys for the first time, only partially away. You don't know about all this other stuff, so we can hear about all

other stuff, you still got that mentality. Well, that's bullshit! That's bullshit, people

partially awake. Not

 

everyone will shift. You probably has a lot of whack. You can select your lies out their real ness monster.

As far as our real is miles below is a shark. They believe its agreement, shark endless charge or the way they think it's a shark did a millions millions of years old and got into that water back when was connected to the ocean causing aging

creature and they used to think they're extinct, but now they dont anymore, they found some, so they they, they think the locked. As

that makes sense or elegance enterprise, which is why I would like, above all, you got your information from now on, like a scientist like what are you mention from you know, those guys can talk all that's that's what

is there an early jogging nobody's talk now

You talk what you're talking about Greenland Short Austrian are now

 

not only do about. Georgia is not only in the show. Yes, scary. Bravo back! No! No! No! No you're! My love, I might have known, as my song is one of them said everybody has a veto diagnosed now, thanks for listening and thanks to turn into episode, nine one you I'm wars during our Abu Alex Jones and Job Rogan, signing off our joy.

We are doing

I resist saying without further ado, could I just say:

times to slip on by Welcome

thanks are buddy thanks out Jones would be an awesome and some food.

Dynamite Rance back, I went on holy shit, foes aid

in stone. Out of my mind, I heard of doing that my my job out of a fuckin window who thanks eighty. Bravo thanks to you thanks everybody thanks for tuna and priests, eight, while you people

 

thanks, caveman coffee for fuelling us, Caveman, coffee, c, o dot com use the code,

Rogan save ten percent of any other coffee thanks to Jack threads, go to Jack threads Diet,

calm and entered the code. Word Rogan when you submit

you're, try out for twenty percent off anything you keep as Jack threads dot com and use the code. Rogue industry

twenty percent on anything you keep never by before you try again thanks to Nature Box, go to Nature box

calm, Ford, Slash, Rogan and you will say fifty percent off your first order, so Nature box, dot, com, Ford, Slash, Rogan, and thank you too, on good, oh and an eye

t use a code, word Rogan and save ten percent off any and all supplements who we did it. Folks, my

Apologies to Dan Floor Estonian Flores, who is the author of Coyote America book that have raved about we got I screwed up

 

when I wrote him down in my calendar as the second and he had it, because I wheeled with emailed and apparently I fucked up

wrote the first in the email and the second on my tail.

And I never bothered check an email again. So I fucked up.

We're gonna get down in another time he has to fly back to Lhasa or New Mexico. I think that's. Where is so we're going back in April? I'm sorry about that folks.

Read the book. It's an awesome book and just make the April part jazz.

Even more epic lots of great gas to come on very popped and have a good time. This thing called goes enjoyed. So, thank you very much,

appreciate you all and take care by.

Yeah.

Latest gentlemen, how are you I'm on the road again just got back from,

Austin, Houston and Durham NC thanks, everybody came out to the shows. We had a great time next up Bakersfield on February fifteen

Fresno on the 16th of February and then the 17th in Santa Barbara.

And I got a bunch of other stuff coming up March in New Orleans on the 15th Miami on the 16th and then Orlando on the 17th

A lot of these shows second shows have been added and then,

which 30th

the Ryman in Nashville Holla at your boy, first show sold out, second show almost sold out and then Charlotte,

is added Charlotte First show sold out at a second show, that's on the 31st of

March April, the sixth kings

theater in Brooklyn, oh shit, right before the UFC in Brooklyn, oh shit,

 

Irvine Improv on the thirteenth and the fourteenth of April, and I can tell you about all these things: they're, not really for sale. Yet the other ones

all right, Joerogan dot net, slash store for all that good stuff. This episode of the podcast is brought to you by Butcher Box Butcher Box delivers one hundred percent grass FED and finished beef.

Free range, organic chicken in heritage breed pork,

the directly to your door, all their

or humanely raised the way Mama Nature intended an free from antibiotics and hormones. Grass FED beef is the healthiest, be fan. If you google it, there are multi

more articles and studies online, where you could find out the health benefits of grass FED beef. But there's

absolutely no doubt about it: beef without antibiotics

without hormones and

is eating what it's supposed to be eating, which is grass when you're getting corn finished and corn FED beef.

 

It's a different fattier, sloppier sloppy beef just looks different too.

A lighter color

was d grass undulates they're supposed to eat grass an that's! What butcher box has

you could think of them as your neighborhood butcher

from Modern America, and if you

in place like if you live somewhere that doesn't have access to a good butcher or a good grocery store that carries

eat that you can trust like like this grass fed

normal more nor, nor can say no hormones,

no antibiotics.

The stakes they sent me were absolutely delicious.

Freeship

Bing anywhere in the forty eight states. Sorry how

in Alaska but you're, barely America you're,

DOM D'Agostino who's been on the podcast. Before ketogenic

enthusiast and scientist, he actually gets his meat from butcher box.

 

You can order? Now and get ten dollars off, plus free bacon,

By using the code Rogan at butcherbox dot com, you can, can

so anytime, without penalty, so

Give it a try. Your box comes with at least eight to eleven pounds of meat, which is enough for twenty four individually sized meals

You can choose from five different box types: all beef, beef and chicken, beef and pork, the mix box and the custom

fox. Would let you choose your own cuts and bite.

Looking out the middleman, which is the grocery stores in purchasing directly from a collective of ranches butcher boxes,

to buy meat at a lower cost and pass those savings along to you. The price is just one hundred

nine dollars a month which works out to less than six dollars a meal and shipping.

Is free nationwide again, besides Alaska and Hawaii, so ordered

now and get ten dollars off, plus free bacon by using the order Code Rogan at Butcherbox. Dot com check

 

get out. Okay,

Dubai Square Cash square cash, ladies and gentlemen, is the simplest way to pay people back whether it's friends fam

these coworkers. Maybe you owe you

Jamie some chatter: you pay anybody

with this and sending and receiving money is totally free and fast and most payments can be deposited directly to your bank account in just a few seconds. Here's how it works,

the square cash app. You link your debit or credit card, select an amount to send an type in a friends, phone number or email address to complete a payment. They'll get to know

application, they've just received money, and that's it. No gimmicks just cold hard, digital cash, download the free

square, cash app for Ios or Android. Now and now

you download cash app. You enter the

Ford Code, Joe RD

in all one word and you'll receive five dollars, and the cash

 

app will send five dollars to our friend Justin Wren's, fight for the forgotten charity,

Justin, Wren's charities and amazing charity. He person

overseas it and they built wells for the pygmies in the Congo. We've done several pod.

Ask about it. There is a documentary about him that they're doing right now

he's an amazing guy and it's an amazing charity. So again you download

free cash app for Ios or Android. You enter the code where Joe Rogan and you will receive five dollars in additional five dollars will go to fight for the forgotten, a true win win. You get five dollars.

Five dollars goes to an amazing cause, download the

my guest today

careful Jordan, Peterson Jordan has been on the podcast multiple times he's one of my favorite human beings to talk to, and just I'm just happy that he

this is a brilliant man and he has an amazing book. That's out right now, it's called twelve rule,

for life, an antidote to K.

It is

 

one of the most important messages that this this brilliant man has. So please welcome Jordan, Peterson,

don't open broadcaster, jailbroken experience join my day, Joe Rogan Podcast, my name all day boom and we're live twelve rules for life. So

without reading this

so what you're saying is there's only twelve things. You need to go in life right. That's it! This interview that you just did

with this woman. Cathy Newman shit was that in the UK it was Channel four UK uhm, I just went. I felt

bad, but I was also laughing. I went to her twitter page to read like

each one of her tweets, no matter what she says,

right underneath it. So what you're saying is, and then some, but by the way

your fans were mocking her, but politely now

aggressively

 

The I didn't read any rude. Things like there was no with that was there was no insults or there what what maybe

a few insults, but there's no swears. It was just playful.

Marking of the interview that she did with you, because,

This was a ridiculous interview. I listened to it or watched it several times like this is so strange, like her

determination to turn it into a conflict to

issues that I have with television chips because they have

a very limited amount of time and they're trying to make things as salacious as possible. They want have these sound bites. These clickbait sound bites and she just went in

but incredibly confrontational not trying to find your actual perspective, but trying to force you to defy

and a non non realistic perspective. Yes! Well, I was that I was the head to fit.

Girl villain of her imagination. Essentially, well, what happened was intere

sing to the way it played itself out because,

 

the matter in the green room before hand. You know she was being made up and then they put a little bit of powder on me and we had a friendly kind of interchange and then we went in

not in front of the cameras and for a couple of minutes. You know before before the show got rolling and we had a pretty pleasant back

fourth and then, as soon as the cameras went on, she was a completely different person and I thought, oh, I see

see, what's going on yeah yeah well, so that kind of alerted me to the fact that there was something

in the state of Denmark, let's say yeah, but you know. This is also why Youtube is going to kill tv because

vision by its nature, all of

is narrow, broadcast technologies

they re. They rely on forcing the story right because it has to happen now what has to happen and like often in five minutes, because they only broadcast five minutes of that interview. They did put the whole thing up on you too, to their credit. It

 

but it hasn't ceased to amaze me. Yet I think that they thought that the interview went fine, that's the scuttlebutt. I've got

from sort of behind the scenes, because I you know, I know some people who know what's going on at Channel four and their shells.

Shocked by the response you know and and then of course there is,

The counter response, the guardian, the next day published a paper published

an article saying that you know the head of

Channel four, had to call in police security because of threats. You know well, first of all, you can call

police in about anything and they never did detail out exactly what the threats were. You know, but then about twenty newspapers pick that up and went for

the Well Cathy Newman is now being harassed by an army of online trolls for doing nothing but doing her job, which well I and then there was

backlash against out in the press. So it's been a well

 

Well, someone took an audit of the actual interchanges between

fans and her and there was way more negative ones coming your way. Yes, that were

seriously negative? Yeah, that's right seriously negative violent harassing, just rude their way. More and now,

and picked up on that at all. It was all

The narrative was she's a victim, even though she was highly aggressive on in this, but.

I know, she's a funny victim. It's not like she's, not successful.

It was at that point. You think you should have to hand in your victim card. I think like when you go to an Ivy League University. It's like right then, and,

there. You have it yeah, because you don't get to be oppressor and oppressed at the same time, that's just too much well, one of the thing

as you pointed out, was when you were talking about competition for very lucrative jobs, and you were saying look what you've done like you must have had to work here and she pray

 

Lee was saying how how hard she had to work yeah to get there Michael. Yes, of course, no one's going to hand this to you know. This is why- and this is why you were saying you are opposed to equality of outcome because come with I

and imagine anything we could possibly strive for

in our society. That would make it into hell faster than equality of outcome,

the historical evidence for the pathology of that route is so strong. It's like you have to be

Berkeley, ignorant beyond belief or malevolent or resentful beyond comprehension. In order to think that that's a good idea, I argue for that.

Be with you, but I think that, even if you came into this with no knowledge of history but a complete understanding of human beings, you would say

Well, that doesn't make any sense in one of the best quotes that I've ever read about it is that if you have real true freedom, you're never going to

equality of outcome because they with real true freedom,

the freedom to not give each well. If you

 

look at a guy like Jeff Basals, for instance, at Amazon Guy is worth more money than anybody ever that guy works all day.

Yeah, I mean he's. A maniac is acquiring all these different companies and everything

He's doing is designed to succeed. I mean he's just for those radical. Just said yes in in a recent interview- and I know some guys that are you know, they're in approximately the same

universe is those two and they just work all the time. That's

all the time and they don't just work they work so efficiently and so effectively and make use.

Every second in ways you can't even imagine unless you're in that sort of position so- and

Doing. That doesn't mean that you will succeed, but not doing it certainly means that you will fail, you will use, will not doing. It certainly means you will never achieve that level of success. And that's what we're talking about we're talking about equality of outcome. I don't want that

I don't want to be that guy- I don't want to work like that. I don't want to do what he's doing and I should have the freedom to not do that.

 

He should have the freedom to do that. If we're going to play this game, called capital is

in which we're all green is probably at least in as far as the models that we have right now is the best one that we have. If we're all going to play this game. If someone decides to be the Michael Jordan of Capitalism, you can't stop them. You can't say no, no, no you're playing this game too. Well, you're playing this game too hard. You're, too obsessed with this game.

You're going to have that you can stop them. You can try to stop people from winning. Crookedly

yeah, which is what you should do, and you know there's a couple of things that are really worth delving into with regards to that too, because

this sort of marxist notion that all this inequality is generated as a consequence of capitalism, and now it's actually technically false 'cause. If you look at there's a,

There seems to be something like a law of nature that described by this statistical model called Prieto distribution and

it basically suggests that in any creative domain, there's going to

a small number of people will do almost all of the output, but it doesn't just apply

 

to human beings it employed,

applies to the heights of trees in the Amazon Rainforest it

as to the size of cities- and it applies to the mouse of starts, which is

something like the more you

have the more you get it's something like

imagine how that would work with the star as it gets. Bigger and bigger, and its gravitational mass increases it's going to attract more and more matter and then, as a city grows. Well, more and more people are excited to move there because of all the opportunities, and so some cities start to grow

industry and others, and others don't. But this this this our

nomina where a small number of people end up controlling a tremendous proportion of the resource is not only limited to money and it doesn't only occur in capitalist societies. It occurs.

Where it's like a natural law. So you see the same thing with number of points scored by a you know. A spectacular sports figure

there's always a tiny proportion of people who are way way ahead way ahead of the curve or people who make records or people who sell paintings or people who compose music or

 

people who sell music online, it's all the same. It's the one percent gets eighty percent, and so well. First, we can't blame it on capitalism,

And second, we should note that it actually does constitute a problem, which is what the left wingers are always jumping up and down about right like too much inequality starts to destabilize your society, and it isn't

He is how to shovel money from the top end,

the one tenth of one percent, who have almost all the money down to the people, who have almost nothing in a way that's effective, so that they don't

thrown out of the game completely and so that the whole society doesn't destabilize, we don't exactly know how to do that. It is a problem because inequality does exist.

And it does tend to magnify across time and then there's. Another problem to which we haven't figured out is imagine that.

In order to make everyone rich,

a certain amount of inequality. It seems obvious.

We don't know how many units of inequality you need to tolerate per unit of wealth generated, but the answer is dead,

 

only not zero. It's definitely not zero, so

yeah. So it goes back to this equality of outcome idea this

this thing has perplexed me since I've met you and since you were involved in this original debate over gender pronouns

an article that was written recently, I I forget the exact title of it is, I think, was something along the lines of. Why can't people hear what Jordan P o yeah saying? Yeah you are

or misrepresented more than anyone. I know in a weird way you are

are villainized in a weird way where

I can't believe that these people are honestly

your opinions, and

and coming up with these conclusions, I can't help but feel like what is happening. Is people are

or consciously deciding to

ignore reality and paint you

as this archetypal figure of oppressive white, male

 

patriarchy ignorance fill in the blank with all the rest of the descriptives you'd like to use. But

We've decided to paint you in this way like, as

because they need a target to sort of re in

course, this idea that trends,

under people are being victimized and women are being victimized only well even deeper that the right narrative is the way that we should

view the world is victim versus oppressor, because that's the base,

Postmodernism marxist template, it's the right way to view the world is that it's a pop. It's a power ground, atop, what it's a it's: a battleground of power interests competing constantly,

the ones that winner, oh pressers, the ones that lose Aeropress. That's the way you look at the world and I think that that's wrong. That's a bad way of looking at the world.

Psychologically sociologically, politically, economically idiot. Logically, you name it it end,

 

nothing but catastrophe EI mean first of all, because it puts your group I did

today is something that's paramount, and I mean that's just not well that that is

what we do in the west. Let's say we put your individual identity, paramount and then well, that's just that's just for starter,

it's fundamentally and then I guess the other reason that people are on my

based to some degree is because I have made it

phone case, which I think is fully documented by the scientific literature that there are intrinsic differences, say between men and women and I think the

but in that this is the thing that staggered me is that

No serious scientists have debated that for like four decades,

the time I went to graduate school. Everyone knew that human beings were

the blank slate, that biological forces not param

your eyes, the way that we thought and felt and acted in and v

 

valued. Everyone knew that the fact that this is become somehow debatable again is just especially be

it's being done by legislative fiat there forcing it.

To me, as a scientist is just it's just well in in the states too, with tight with title IX, for example, because title IX is sort of predicated on the

viewpoint. What is title now

hold title IX was originally just a piece of legislation that mandated that females

sports teams were funded to the same degree that male sports teams were funded in them,

fucking universities, but it's been expanded out so that, if there's any differences in any areas whatsoever between the genders, then the universities

being taken to court and like to

let me know, but last I look

about two hundred of them or up

now their funding revoked if they violate title IX provisions. So it's become like a vicious

rap for social Justice, warrior equality of outcome types,

and so it's not just about sports know which got wait

that way beyond that yeah, it's it's it's become an equal.

 

We have outcome issue fundamentally,

is an article that I sent you one of 'em was from. I think I got outta got it off of Dick

calm, but it was a Jordan. Peterson is having his moment and we should ignore him. I sent this to you and there was one of the last part of that might be true.

One of the things in the article was side

in this study that showed very little difference between men and women, Daddy Oncotic, so pathetic, study yeah

send it to you 'cause. I was like this is not right. Well, the thing is:

like most things, it's complicated, yes, you know so

are men and women more similar or more different? Well, it depends on

need to find the terms first,

they are more similar. Well, why

there's the same species, so we could start with that like, but the question

 

what are the differences and how do they manifest themselves in? Are those manifestations important so here's an example,

a random woman out of the population and a random matt- and you had to bet on who was

more temperamentally aggressive,

you bet on them and you'd be right. Sixty percent of the time but you'd be wrong. Forty percent of that

I mean that that's not a walloping difference right, six thousand and forty, it's not nine thousand and ten like so there's quite there

a lot of overlap between men and women in terms of their levels of aggression, and you think well

more the same yeah except.

So then, let's say no, no, let's play a slightly different game, let's pick the one in

one hundred most aggressive person from the random population and

why all the people in prison are men. So, even though, on men

which man instrument yeah, it's ninety, nine thousand and ninety to ninety five percent right so and off

 

and if the women are in prison, it's 'cause. They got tangled up with a really bad guy. You know so so

one of the problems is that

team are where the difference is really start to manifest themselves, and so you can,

a small difference at the level of the average of the average the

it starts to make a massive difference. So, let's say to be

Google Engineer, which is hard right.

Because you not only have to be an engineer, but you have to be very good engineer say: well, you have to be interested in things rather than people that that's a huge difference,

Interests like men are more interested in things generally

Speaking and women are more interested in people generally speaking now, there's still a lot of overlap between them, but that's one of the biggest differences between men and

it's been demonstrated cross culturally, it's also very big difference in the scandinavian countries. Well,

difference isn't that great, even though it's a relatively large difference, but at the extremes it's the same thing, almost all the p,

 

there are hyper. What would you call hyper focused on things there? Almost all

and all the people who are hyper focused on people or almost all women, and so how does that play out in the world? Well in the scandinavian countries? It plays out this way, but eighty five

sent of nurses in Scandinavia are female and about eighty five to ninety

sent of engineers are male.

It doesn't mean women can't be engineers, it doesn't mean men can't be nurses, it also doesn't have

anything to do with intelligence.

Differences and interest are big. Now at the extremes in particular, so

When you read a review like that, the one that was pointed out, the first question is well. What do you mean by big and little? There's more overlap,

there's more overlap between men and women. Then there is difference on virtually every parameter. Ok, fine!

are the remaining differences significant in how they play out in the world, and the answer to that is overwhelmingly significant, because you select for extremes

 

so here's another example:

now the Jews have an average iq of one hundred and fifteen, so in the typical pop

patient overall has an average iq. One hundred and fifteen points is about the difference between the Typic

College student and the typical high school student. Ok, so it's not a massive difference, but if you go to the extreme say

well, let's go look at people who only have an iq of one hundred and forty five with

it's kind of where you hit the beginnings of genius level. It's like the Jews,

they are overwhelmingly overrepresented,

but if the small differences in the average can produce walloping differences at the extremes

people don't understand- that's not surprising 'cause. It actually requires a fairly sophisticated grasp of statistics. But when we're talking about things like

differential outcome in the workplace, then you have to take a sophisticated,

approach to it- or you don't know what the hell you're talking about, and unfortunately many of the people who are talking about things like gender differences, they have no idea what they talk

 

but they don't know the literature they don't know. There is a literature they don't under

and biology like the the social constructionist types, the women stuff,

these types, the Neil Marxist. They don't give a damn about biology. It's like they inhabit some disembodied universe.

Was poorly written at best and did not showed it very poor grasp of the relationship between group, differences and economic, and

people outcomes, it's not just that it's deceptive an there

there's a need in some way on

That side this side of the

made, the Anti Jordan Peterson side to

label men and women as being

virtually identical when there

so much evidence that that's not the case and we

but you're saying well. You've never said one

superior one is inferior. What you are is a guy who is pointing out the reality of the difference between the various types of

 

human beings and you've been very open about the extremes about

I'm I'm well aware of the extremes. I deal with MMA fighters. I know a lot of female mma fighters there as aggressive,

even as tough as any man you're ever going to meet in your life,

and I know a lot of men from comedy that are meek little guys, who they are.

Not nearly as aggressive as some of these female fighters. There's, I think one

The beautiful things about freedom is that people get an opera

you need to express themselves in a wave

is genuinely them and whether that is like our friend Alex Honnold who's, a free climber who is like climbing up these fat.

Fantastic mountains with no ropes or whether it's a

the female MMA fighter, like Raquel Pennington who's. Just a tank and b

the shit out of people and that's what she loves to do all of the

these extremes are available to people because of freedom. This is now

 

What is suppressive thing? Stopping people from choosing these paths? I don't know if you saw the

most recent slip up by the

CEO of Youtube. I retweet

did it today. They were talking about

why there's not as many women in tech and she, basically they

both her in the ceo of Google Settings,

Jackie with James Damore, was saying in his memo. They completely fucked up. They tried to

define this look at this. This is,

God, damn hilarious and James Damore had this on his page

and the women a lack of Texas, could, you know, go to Joe would go to James to Moore's tweet just go to the.

The what I retweeted and what he said so

there was a study published a while ago about know. Jamie scroll back right was right. There right there, just just make his tweet larger there you go see.

That he sang. Then I read this right,

 

I don't know how to say her name is Susan. What sorry? I don't know how to say your name wo

J. I I I said that women

define geek email

industries as opposed to social industries, not very interesting and soon Dar sites, research on gender of that city's. That's exactly the difference. In interest that I just pointed out is right: he this is what changed more wrote in his memo that got him fired, and this in my mind, if I was the lawyer for James to more of the like hello,

do we have here. This is this is checkmate yeah tell me is this said they were sorry, the doors stores really interesting. You know, because I think it's such a classic story of of an engine

we're getting tangled up in politics. So do more, went

this diversity seminar and he wasn't very happy about it because he knew the literature and so at

end of the seminar they ask for feedback. Well

is an engineer. So when

you tell an engineer that you want feedback, the in

 

here, thinks all you want feedback, and you want like facts and stuff right, 'cause! That's what feedback would be like soda, more

wrote this like thorough memo and gave it to them, he said well, you know this is what I think. Here's some feedback and then it trap

old around that he got no real response from the diversity people and then he posted it on one of these internal boards at Google, where people can discuss things which people at Google do all the time, so it was perfectly reasonable for him to post it because he didn't get a response from the diversity people. He thought well, let's see what other people think and then it was

for a long time until it was leaked into the outside world.

It was like the more was trying to expose Google for for what it is. He

It's just doing what an engineer type would do. Would someone asked him to provide feedback?

because he's not thinking politically he's, not thinking. Oh, they just want to hear what they already said. He thought they actually wanted some facts anyway,

so I think they picked on the wrong. Guy

turns out to be pretty damn tough was very,

 

smart, Anna, very kind guy when you sit down and talk to him, he's not a sexist he's, a he's, a guy,

it's talking about facts. In fact he wrote more than a page and a half. I believe on this

strategies for getting more women interested in tech is not a sexist. This is just a guy that was talking about the differences in the choices that people make that is based on just

the variations that you were just discussing. Well, there's a good study done a while ago and unfortunate, remember the author, but they were looking at June,

hi, math, prodigies and they're they're, pretty equally just

did between boys and girls, but

by the time University came along. They math prodigy boys. They tend to go into the stem fields, but the girls Wouldn'T- and it doesn't mean

is the electability 'cause they had stellar ability it's because they were

interested and it turns out, like the

this thing, turns out to be a big one. So with person.

Melody alone, if you measure men and women's personalities and then you add up all the differences in personalities, you could tell with about seventy five.

Eighty percent certainty by

 

looking at a full personality, read

weather persons, male or female, so you'd be wrong. Twenty five percent of the time, something like that. But if you

that interest you that you can get up to about ninety percent and so

you know you say well are these,

France is large well individually, they're, not that big they make me are more difference at the extremes, but if you add them up

then you can almost completely differentiate men from women. So by that token there

very large and the interesting actually turns out to matter alot like it's probably the most important individual difference that has been discovered between men and women at the psychological level and has real decent expl.

Battery power because you might say well

Men have a slight edge in spatial intelligence and that's why they're over represented in stem fields

and women have a slight edge and verbal intelligence. This is debatable, but literature kind

indicates that and that's why they're overwhelmingly the majority

fiction. Readers, for example, is

 

that the reason that there is differential representation in the stem fields- it's like no, it doesn't seem to be. It doesn't look like it's an intellectual issue, which is also what

more pointed out by the way. He never said once that this was a cognitive issue, but it's a matter of choice matter of interest

and women tend to be more more

this is also being discovered in chimpanzees and other primates like if you offer baby or chai,

old, chimpanzees, juvenile chimpanzees. The toy choice between thing like toys like cars or people like toys like dolls, the

I will go for the thing like toys and the females are go for the people like toys, so you see that in primate and you

well, it's not surprising it's like well. No, it's not it's! Not! That surprising really mean women have to take care of infants, tiny infants,

and you have to be really people oriented to do that, because a tiny infant isn't a new

believe aebli demanding

social relationship and it's uh

 

primary relationship for about two years. You know, and so women are tilted towards the kind of temperament that makes that PASA.

It's like well. Is that such a shock really that's such a surprise,

yeah, it's not a surprise and what's confuse

sing to me is

the narrative that anybody that points out these differences is somehow a sexist or discriminatory or yet worse, yeah yeah is but well whatever happens at the victims. Well, I think the other reason that the where the left, the radical lefties have been going after me, constantly is

well. One reason is, is if you stand up against the radical radical left you're in a group that

also has nazis in it, because the Nazis also stand up.

Once the radical left, so it's perfectly reasonable from a strategic perspective for the row,

take a leftist to say well, you're against us.

How do we know you're, not a nazi?

 

Well, statistically, I'm probably not you know so there there's that, but, but you could say at least the question is but but but but then the next part of it comes is that it's motivated apathy.

Slinging because if I'm reasonable,

I'm standing up against the radical left and they admit that I'm reasonable

there has to be an admission that reasonable people could stand up against the radical left, which kind

implies that the radical left isn't that reasonable, and so, while they're, not

go there of course, they're, not that reasonable or unreasonable

beyond belief, as we saw in this situation with Lindsay Shepherd in Canada, so at

Wilford, Laurier Universe. Let's talk about that real quick, because that was a fascinating thing too, and that also had to do with you. So she

 

Who is discussing you in class and fill up one everybody yeah she's in a communications in the communications department at Wilford Lori, and they were talking about the

full of language in communication, which kind of what you would do in a communication class.

She decided to show a five minute clip from a

program I had done for Tv

Ontario, which is a public television station, mainstream, left, leaning, liberal television,

station news program and a good one at goodwill, and I had been on there with a number of other

including a professor Nicholas Matte, from the University of Toronto, who claimed

see that there were no biological differences between men and women and that had been the scientific consensus for the last four decades. So anyway, she showed a clip from this and well. She got hold in front of two professors

handed administrator, Adria Joel, who is basically hired for that purpose and raped over the

 

all for daring to show this video and she had that where with all to tape it and then she made

take public, and in that tape they compared really blackly comical. You know they compared me to Hitler.

Yeah and but then said well, it's Hitler or Milo Uniopolis. They thought

you guys are so damn clueless. He can't even get your insults right. It's like you can't say that

I'm playing a video of Hitler

for Milo Yiannopoulos, it's like first of all,

Hitler in Milo, Yiannopoulos they're, actually not in the same category right except that they're, both human. That's,

the narrowness of the category

Milo's are like comic provocateur,

and you could hate him or love him or be indifferent, but to put

in the same category as Hitler just

how Muddle headed you are and then

to assimilate me to that category so carelessly like

mess about with epithets. Like that, you know, Hitler was one of

 

great super villains of the 20th century. Right mean he was he's up

here with Stalin and MAO in the in the panoply of satanically. Possessed leaders, you don't just

sat around,

not when you're, torturing, your teaching assistant for daring

to show a video,

so that was a massive scandal in Canada with the biggest. I think it was the biggest scandal that ever hit a university in Canada and it got

out of international attention, and rightly so, and she also turns out to be a tough cookie.

I mean the last. I heard she was she'd started a club at Wilford Lori and I

it was last night or the night before. Maybe it's coming up, they're going to show

the whole video from

television Ontario at a club meeting and invite people to come and discuss it. It's like

they picked on the wrong girl there too, so they certainly did she's, obviously very smart. You can hear that in her discussion with them and how flabbergasted she was by their take on things, but this was

 

is essentially proof to a lot of,

but that were on the outside of how preposterous some

Dialogue was inside these universities

They couldn't have done me a bigger favor than having that scandal, because when I made a videos about Bill C, one thousand six hundred and fifteen

months ago. I said: look, here's what's going to happen because this legislation is rich.

In an appalling manner, and the surrounding policies are pathological said here

what's going to happen, so I laid it out

and then people came out and said: no, you

being paranoid, it's like that's possible know the built

legislation is going to have that effect. No you're, not a legal expert. What they'll do you know? It's separate center, you're, crazy, you're, a bigot you're, a transformer. You know they. They threw everything but the kitchen sink at me and looked so now. If you know

there is a possibility that I was wrong, but the problem

as I read the policies- and I understood them-

I knew where they were leading, but I

never imagined that one of the Consequ

this is of bill C. Sixteen in its sister legislation, was that a teaching is

 

synthetic canadian university would be pilloried and accused of breaking the law and then accused of all sorts of reprehensible political beliefs.

By two professors, an administrator hired for that purpose. Mir

because she showed a video about two people talking about the law,

paranoid as I am. Let's say that that exceeded the grasp of the,

each of my imagination and then, of course it was made public and people just couldn't believe it, and then you think, ok! Well, what's the defence well,

they misinterpreted bill C. Sixteen like no, I don't think so. They aren't

Representative of the university professor administration. Well, all of Pimlott and

Buchanan's colleagues rose to their defense. The whole department

thirsty when they apologize did it in a very mealy mouthed way, like there's

evidence that it was an anomalous occurrence. So what I

happened. Is they over it?

 

When did the reach of bill c? Sixteen in exactly the way that I said would happen, it was inevitable and

It wasn't an anomaly. It was actually that's actually the way that the universities are, and it is the way that they are. It was a

a one off. It was exactly

diagnostic and it's appalling. It's appalling.

Universities have so much to be ashamed of their their

is an article in the Boston Globe this week saying the same thing that all of

it's crazy, postmodern identity pool.

It takes equality of outcome. Nonsense is not only disrupted

university in a way that might be as far as I can tell, but it's

rapidly spreading outside into the

say business world, which is exactly what you see, for example, at Google, well, that

tech industry in particular seems to be MIKE Moore,

left leaning than pretty much any industry. There is an, I guess, it's because there's so many intelligent people there, so many people that have

 

a tremendous amount of time in universities, and they get indoctrinated into this mindset and

you're you're. Seeing that in this

the ceo of Youtube's response to James Damore memo completely misrepresented they're talking about harmful gender stereotypes. That's not what he talked about at all: what's fat

listening to me about all of this, is it it just reeks of tribalism that

these people on the left have decided, I mean, and I'm

mostly on the left, which is

really crazy,

I mean when it comes to most Paula season, most thoughts of equality in and the idea of just

letting people be who they are. I mean that's what the left

used to stand for it used to stand for being open minded. It used to stand for being a reason

cool person it

now. It seems to be all about this very

toxic tribal ideology and

 

This is one of the reasons why so many of these attacks- and you are so baffling to me- is because there is a willful ignorance or a deceptive narrative

is a deceptive description of who you are and what you're saying and what you represent, and this can.

Media tly categorized not even convenient willfully willfully, deceptively categorized into these

category categories of homophobe,

Transphobia sexism, these rep

mobile categories that, if they can just shove, saw-

thing that you're, saying figure out a way to push you into this little narrow confined. Then everyone has to disagree with you. Everyone has to insult you.

And everyone has to like take that girl into their office-

chastise you for even use, not even speaking up for you just change she. She wasn't. Yes, that's what

more fascinating about it than anything

 

I can give her hell for that. Like all you can't present something like that neutrally! That's like presenting something Hitler said neutrally, or maybe Milo Innopolis it,

it's so strange, but what they don't understand- and this is what's really crazy- is that the world is watching and that most people buy

but maybe it's a six thousand and forty we were talking about before when it comes to aggressive women versus aggressive men.

I don't know what the number is. I think most fifty to one actually like I've been what

watching the comments on Youtube and so forth, trying to track. This is like. I think that I think that what the radical leftists are, do

thing is overwhelmingly unrepresentative of

general population overwhelmingly, but there are

very well organized and, and verbal

and prepared minority and they've occupied powerful

positions in many many institutions HR one of the things I really can't figure out right now

 

and for anybody who's running a company, that's listening. They should think this through

to let these postmodern NEO marxists into your company through the guise of human resource, is an absolute catastrophe. E you're going to pay for that

This is the ITT Eology that drives postmodern, NEO Marxism, this identity, politics, what the identity, politics, movement,

and its insistence on equality of outcome is powerfully Ann,

the capitalistic. It's powerfully ant

western. Why? You would let that into your company is so that you can

good, socially, let's say, is beyond me. It's a big mistake. I agree with you, but I don't think people are aware of it. I think part of the problem is this: battleground is largely ignored by the general population. I don't think most people are aware of. What's going on, you are 'cause, you're, obviously you're.

Deeply embedded in the UN,

city system in Canada and you're obviously-

 

now branching out into Youtube and podcasts, and all these different ways to get this information out, but the average purse

and that is a ceo of a company or there there can

and with their own company they're concerned with their own individual needs their concern with organize.

Something's, keeping their bottom line and maybe they're also concerned with looking fair and making sure that they're not

prejudice, and all of that which is laudable, but I just don't

They see the wave come now they don't, they don't see it coming. They don't uh

stand it and there

in cautious about it, but they're going to pay for it. Well, Google is a good example, because now Google is in court

prejudice against females and also on the conservative and for being prejudice against conservatives. It's like well so both camps,

after then I think well, why is that's like? Well, that's what happens when you play identity politics, this tribalism or

This is really what I can't stand about: identity, politics and I've been warning about the

consequences of on the right wing too 'cause. What I see happening is that, as the left like, let's say, the left

 

gets to define the linguistic territory, which was what I was objecting to in Bill C. Sixteen when it came out, I said: look I'm not going to use these

hello Chisholms, Eansor, etc, because, as far

I'm concerned they have.

I think people don't know what your talking about yeah. What is a different made up? Gender pronouns yeah, there's just describe people in a non male or female. That's right! So there's like seventy different categories of non binary, gender, or something like that generated now and there's lists of pronouns. That hypothetically the people who are in those categories can choose to

be addressed by now.

It has the force of law, and so and I don't care

if they choose to be addressed by those pronouns whatever. That's that's, that's that's up to them, and

girls, they can convince or ask or Intreat or negotiate with font as soon as

this law that's a whole different story.

Ok! So now I have to use a certain terminology. So then I look at

Derivation of the terminology say that's terminal,

 

so generated by the postmodern. Neo marxists. Oh well. I think those people are

principally murderous, so guess what I'm not going to say their words period, because I know what they're like. I know where that leads. Okay, so bumps on most people think that's a gigantic step to

to go from saying you don't want to says ears or any of these made up gender pronouns to these are murderous people, the ideology,

his murderous. The

maybe in Marxism, yeah

Jesus, how much proof yeah right, but most people don't under

Stan Marxism like when

When you're saying this like, when you were so adamant about- and I had to start reading about it myself and I had to start doing a lot of research about it, myself- and I think my

people here Marxism and they think socialism they think,

pulling all your money together. You know making you know, making things more, even for yeah, like I already in in Venezuela, everybody has an equal chance to starve to death. You know how they,

 

you know how the venezuelan government start solve the problem of kids, starving to death,

hospitals illegal for the hospitals

to report starvation as the cause of death right. Well, that's Venezuela! In a nut shell yeah, there was never

one sequel there. They all have the same number of bones to know on yeah, that's a hard

the thing but yeah it's! It is a horrible thing and undeniable, but there's no like the connect

between gender pronouns and me

this it's a big leak out. That's that's for sure.

Yeah sure. Well, that's why you have to look at the underlying etiology. You know when you think well what level at the level at which

these things should be addressed Well- is the deck and

how much is a political

as per kings of this ideology, and you understand where the road map

leads. You understand the x at the end of the road yeah right.

 

Salute Lee well, and I think that's why I recommended to people continually to read soul Jeanette since Gulag Archipelago, so

Actually, there is a set of books that let laid this out perfectly. You read, Dostoyevsky's wrote a book called the possessed or the Devils and it's

It's a description of the initial breakdown of the Orthodox christian

society in in Russia.

In the late 1800s and the rise of radical socialist ideas. So it's sort of like the prodromal

russian revolution to brilliant, brilliant book brilliant book and it concentrates on

the personalities that are involved and then, if you read after that, so

and it seems to like archipelago where he details. What he does does in that book is quite remarkable soul. He says: look the

10s of millions of people killed from nineteen nineteen to

one thousand eight hundred and fifty nine in the Soviet Union

expensive internal repression, and it's so dreadful that words can't do it. Justice mean it's absolutely dreadful. What happened in the soviet

 

I mean just for starters: six million Ukrainians died in the 1930s because of enforced starvation. In fact, in the night

30s, here's, here's! Here's, how terrible it was. So all the food that the collective farmers new

we collectivized farmers had produced, which wasn't very much by the way, was taken from them and brought to the cities. So all the farmers starve to death now here's how Drako

and it got so. Let's say you are the mother of some children and all

your green, had been shipped off to the cities and you thought well, I'm not going to have my children starve to death, I'm going to go out in the field and I'm going to

on my hands and knees, and I'm going to pick up the

greens that are left over, that the harvesters didn't count get and I'm going to feed

goes to my kids that was punishable by death. You were supposed to

handy in those extra bits of grain so that they

to be shipped to the city as well. So that was just a big.

Think of the fund in the Soviet Union and what sort of

Did was say: look this wasn't a consequence,

 

of the marxist system gone wrong. This was a

plants of the marks system.

It was inevitable consequences of the axioms of the marks, a system and any he that out and it's, I think you got it right-

What is the White Man Nobel Price, but what is the connection?

how much tyranny you have to impose in order to

to produce something like equality of outcome

and Thomas souls talked about this a little bit too. He said in what the people who are agitating for

equality of outcome. Don't understand is that you have to seed so much power to the authorities to the government, in

to ensure equality of outcome, that tyranny is inevitable and that's right and it.

Other prop no problem with the quality vote come. This is also a big technical problem is like well what measure of outcome. You know, there's lots of outcomes like

How happy are you? How much pain are you in? How healthy are you

this money? Do you have how much appart

 

unity for movement forward? Do you have what's the width of

social connections like? What's the quality of your friendships? Do you have it?

Does your to art and literature like you know, you can multiply the number of dimensions of the valuation between people in innumerable it right, because there's there's all sorts of ways to classify people

you're going to get equality of outcome on every one of those measures

everyone going to have to be equally happy in their relationship.

Why not? What white? Why stop with economically? Why stop with pay? There's no place to stop so, and that's it that not to

huge technical problem, because there is no place to stop. There will be no stopping it's like nobody can

If anything else, nobody can

anything that everyone else doesn't have at the same time? That's the ultimate outcome of equality of outcome. What you think about what that would mean.

It's terriblr while instantly. You think oh well, there's nothing, but a tyrannical system could impose that. Have you ever did

 

dated a marxist porter of you ever debated someone who is pro equality of outcome? No, they don't debate me

really? The closest thing I think was too. That was the debate idea at the University of Toronto about the bill C, sixteen issues, but

They didn't actually have a debate. They had a forum which is the post. Modern equivalent of a debate is supposed to be friendlier. I suppose, but no I haven't because people don't do it, they don't ask me to do it. What is it about the

that idea or that ideology about Marxism that so attractive to young.

Students and to university part of that's a good question? I think it goes back to the issue of inequality and- and this is something that has to be dead seriously address, like you might say. Well, why

is the left wing necessary, but let's, let's put it that way. So

and then a subset of that would be wise. The left wing attractive. Well, the left

thing is necessary because inequality

the spiral out of control, and so there has to be

 

political voice for the dispossessed, and you don't want

able to stack up at zero. You know where they can't play that

even though it's a bad idea, not only do you not if people stack up at

There are too poor to get ahead at all. Let's say there are too poor to open a bank account. There are two

we buy enough food like they're stuck at zero

and they can't get out of it. It's a really

because, first of all, that's a lot of suffering and that's not so good. Second of all,

at least in principle, a lot of those people might be

something to offer the world or their chill,

turn right and you want to open a

avenues of opportunity to them, so

they can succeed, but so that everyone else can benefit from their success so and then

the next thing is well. If the inequality gets out of hand too much, then the whole society starts to destabilize, because if you get enough people stacked up in zero, especially young man, get enough. Young men stay

fucked up at zero. They think, oh to Hell with it will just flip the whole

board over. And

 

it'll settled in a new configuration, and maybe we won't be stuck at zero in the new configuration. So it phone

it's revolutionary thinking, so there's law

lots of reasons to be concerned about inequality, and so you know

the voice on the left to say: look. We gotTa Peru

motorized tendency towards inequality so that it doesn't destabilize the entire society so that it's everybody has an opportunity to advance like yes right, you need that. Ok, so that's the technical reason,

for the necessity of the left and then I think it's attractive because well

as young people can be resentful, partly 'cause they're at the bottom of the heap, so to speak there not '

'cause they're young like look you want to be, you want to be

for an eighteen. You want to

rich eighty, what you and choose,

most people are going to take poor at eighteen, especially if you've been rich at Eighty- and you understand you can get back there yeah. Well, that's

thing you know. Is that most of the people who

or have a million dollars or more in the United States, are old. Well, why is that? Well

 

really do we need an explanation for that? It's like you've had a lot

more time to make money. How would that be? That's the explanation. So that's one of the big drivers of inequality is just simply age, but it's not obvious that the old rich people

have an advantage over the young starting out people, so so anyways, but any

now maybe you're resentful and irritated 'cause, you're, young and you're still at the bottom of the heap, and you know, you've got other problems too it's more difficult for people of your race or ethnicity or gender, or at least you think it is

so you say. Well, I want to make things

there and then that's also driven by some real compassion, because nobody really likes that the consequences,

radical inequality, like nobody likes the fact that homeless people exist and have to

go to the emergency ward? You know to get treated and they don't have medical coverage and they have to live in tents on the street and

so. If you have some compassion, then you think well,

we've got to do more for the poor and dispossessed it's like. Ok, that's

 

an understandable sentiment, but the problem is: is that the people? But the problem is, is that it's

that that desire to help is contaminated by resentment and India. Logical certainty and then also buy something that George Orwell pointed out so nicely in his book road to Wigan Pier it's like the typical

middle class socialist. This was his diagnosis and he was a socialist by the way. His diagnosis was. The typical middle class

intellectual socialist doesn't like the poor. In fact, they

have anything to do with the poor. Their contemptuous

of the poor, but they hate the rich, and I think it's even more devious than that

I think who they hate are the successful.

Successful, rich, but really who they hate, is the successful it's like Cain and Abel. It's

retelling of Cain and Abel, and so there's some

positive motivations for being engaged on the left and there's a lot of negative motivations as well, and the people who are really

 

even by the radical left ideology, the real radicals they're, almost all driven by I resentment and hatred. As far as I'm concerned now the let let's look at both extremes so back to the idea of the

of the ideological and verbal territory. I said with Bill C.

Sixteen that I wouldn't speak the language of the radical leftists, because I don't think that that language should define the game. But let's say it does so. Here's the game.

World is a battleground of groups and they are battling for power. That's it that's the

and some of them win and they will press those who don't win. So that's how

to view the world. Okay, now the

left is say: okay, well, here's the oppressed people, the oppressors, the patriarchy,

circle types. They should be ashamed of themselves and give

some power the right, wingers,

the radical right. Wingers, look at that and they say. Oh I see

so. The game is ethnic identity. Is it its identity? Politics, ok

 

were white males, that's the

wing version of identity, politics! It's like screw you! If we're screw you

right into groups, but we're going to divide into tribes

and I'm in my tribe

guilty and lose I'm going to get

cruel and wind and that's like men, you think brothers,

people in the middle are kind of looking back and forth, which side of the aisle

politics in the politics spectrum negative falling. Do I want to go with a do. I want to go.

Do. I want to be driven primarily by compassion and I'm am I go

to accept guilt for my historical privilege. So that's one possibility and then I'm

Lopressor presser, I'm a member of the

pressure group. Am I going to

it would not to hell with that. I'm just going to play to win. Well, then, I'm

go to the right? It's like well, my sense is about

play either of those games and the reason we shouldn't play them mist. Well, the soviets

the left wing game and like killed

 

who knows how many 10s of millions of people you can't even count it accurately. The estimates range from two thousand two hundred million. Those are pretty big error, bars and the Maoists

Maybe a hundred million, certainly sixty million. So okay that didn't work out so well

and then there's the Nazis, like they played ethnic identity.

Politics and racial superiority like why do we want to play that game

But I've been trying to do really what I've been trying to do for the last thirty years is say: look

is to play those sorts of games, but that's not the only game in town to much better game to play individual. It's like get your act together. Stand up in the world, make something of your

so stay away from the ideological oversimplifications?

set your house in order. That's rule six in the in this in this book, so I

book rule in there says, set your house in perfect order before you criticize the world and it's a very dark chapter about.

 

The motivations of the Columbine High school killers and this other guy named Carl Panzram, who is a serial rapist, an arsonist and murderer, and these

He wrote an autobiography, and the Columbine kids also wrote about why they did what they did: their resentful to the core, bitter bitter resentful, terrable and.

Well I'm suggesting that people stay away from that resentment

sinfulness and bitterness, even though life is hard

malevolence in the world. It's like yeah. You can

tell a story where everyone's a victim because

call die. We all get sick

happened to a sitter, bitter and terrible betrayal. Deceit lies. Like people hurt us on purpose,

you know, so it's not just the tragedy of life, its malevolence as well as everyone's a victim. You can tell that story,

problem is: if you tell that story, and you start to act it out you make all of that. Worse. That's the problem

so this is why partly I got attracted to christian imagery,

 

based in part,

maybe in Christianity, that you should pick up your God Damn cross and like walk up the hill and that's

matically, that's correct! That's the right answer like

you've got a heavy load of suffering to bear and a fair bit of

going to be unjust. So what are you going to do about it, except it voluntarily?

and try to transform. As a consequence, that's the right answer. It's the right answer, 'cause the rest of it is tribalism and we're too technologically powerful to get

will tribal again, what's exciting to me, is that I think this is the first time in my life that I

We've ever seen so much communication on these subjects, and I

thanks so much recognition about the consequences of tribal toxic tribalism, this tribal thing

thing that everyone seems to be engaged in on the right and on the left

 

I mean in America. You needed to go no further than going back and forth from CNN to Fox NEWS to say something is wrong here. These are, these are

is to be news. Outlets have two completely different narratives, and that has nothing to do.

Is what we're talking about with gender politics and radical

socialism and marxism? What you're seeing in universities, though

from what I always considered universities, great four. What I always

Universities great for is separate

thing from your parents, challenging belief systems and being engaged in the works of brilliant people.

So you can compare all of

their findings and their discoveries and sit down and debate them in class, and when I was

did when I was in high school

high School Newton, South High School in Newton Massachusetts and one of the

things that they did. Is they put on a debate between a guy

 

from the moral majority which was this right wing

christian group that I am not around anymore, but there this was nineteen. I was fourteen. So eighty one and

Barney, Frank who was

but congressman is now one of the first openly gay guys in Congress and and you got to watch these

two people in this auditorium debate. Their point

in this moral majority guy had this. You know

Nightwing Ronald Reagan, sort of point of view and Barney Frank who's kind of crazy he's got. But

It is a male prostitute scandal and but the gay community

it's not that big of a deal and just Barney Frank, took him apart was brilliant to watch, but it was a real debate.

It was fascinating and you got to see a

A mediocre mine versus a great mind, and you got to see this little thing and I was like wow. This is

 

it was one of the things. That's always a try.

Did me about the the idea that two people, with different viewpoint,

can get together in front of a neutral audience, and these people can sort of decipher which, which way

these people are thinking and why they think yeah well in bad is that is an rife with conflict. That, as that is the alternative, is to separate, as you pointed out into,

two camps that don't talk yes, and the thing is that the consequences of not talking is that you fight that's the end game,

because the only way you can stop from fighting with other people

is by negotiating with them. And you know one of the things that's also interesting. This is partly why Silicon Valley leans to the left is that a fair bit of your political prep

is determined by your biological temperament. It's a strongly in

so, if you're, a creative type, who's kind,

 

disorderly, then you're likely to be on the liberal, left end of the distribution and, if you're, a

uncreative, creative type, who's, orderly and, and especially, if you're orderly

then you tend to be on the right wing, end of things and so and well. Why is that

did those variations exist. Well, they exist because some of

but I'm your best strategy is to do what other people have done and shut the hell up and just do it run the algorithm right

pathways already laid clear: it works, stay

in the damn rut and move forward. Ok, so that's the conservative approach

when things are going right. It's the right approach, the Prob

home is. Is that sometimes it's not the right approach, because something is shifted and so

something new has to emerge, and so then

a bunch of people who are adapted to the new and those are the entrepreneur

creative types, of course they dominate Silicon Valley, because it's a very entrepreneurial, it's a very entrepreneurial. What would you call it? Geography,

 

and so they're going to lean to the left, but they have to under

people have to understand that the left and the right need each other. The liberals and conservatives need each other. Liberal start companies

conservatives, run them

form with the conservatives is well, they can only run a company in one direction: 'cause they're conservative. They don't think outside the box.

But so if the company is working in the product line is good and everything is stable, like higher

some conservatives 'cause they'll maximize efficiency in the move down that track. But if the track

no longer going in a good direction because somethings

change the environment change. Well, then, you gotta bring in the creative people

each other and the only

say that we can survive the fact that we're different and the

that we need each other is by continually talking. We have talked constantly it's like well how much?

What we're doing should we preserve versus

how much of what we're doing should we transform and the answer is we don't know

because the environment keeps changing? So what do we do about that? We talk

 

now. I was on a CBC Canadian Broadcasting Corporation interview a couple of days ago, and they took me to task

I tweeted out this song, this

invitation to the boys to fill out this pro

that I developed called future authoring and it helps people make up.

I mean the cowboys yeah. Well, there there an online group there,

Yeah is, but they run Kekistan. It's this fictional polity. It's a satire of identity, politics! Essentially we're going to

our ethnicity, highly demonized, Santa highly demonized, sound right cut and with good reason for it with some individual examples of racism, Nazism and it yeah yeah. There's a lot to miss behavior, yeah, yeah yeah, it's like graffiti. It's like online graffiti writing like that, so and and they can't

Boys are the ones who are often using the Pepe memes, for example, and you know the left regards peppier

 

hate symbol, happy the frog happy the for a feels good for all. That's right! That's right kind of reprehensible frog and so white tweeted. To my said, Don can't boys seek your fortune.

Rescue yourself from the underworld use code peppy for future authoring,

so it's free for one week, so they had to figure out what it meant. Then

I showed this picture of Michigan J Frog, which is the frog from old Warner Brothers cartoon dancing frog that wouldn't perform when he was watching it so

CBC hold that out and said well, look, aren't you aren't you like AP

sing to the radical right, and I said well, no, what I'm doing I said. Look these people are attracted by the route.

All right, although there satirist's and

now satirists and graffiti types, and you know they're they're, playing a weird so having fun being Jadi, that's exactly what they're doing they're they're provoking and I might

fence was well, what do you

help yourself as an individual and get the hell out of the ideological trap. So here's my program, which helps you write about your future and that'll help

 

you decide who you are as an individual 'cause. That's the way out

the ideological trap it's like in there,

So obviously, what's the way out of tribalism, first,

layout of tribalism is not to never join a tribe? You actually have

join a tribe as you mature right, because what happens is first of all, you're an infant,

relationship with, but then, when you move from your parents, you have your tribe, you have your group, maybe it's! The music

listen to which the gang you hang around, with whatever you

have to be socialized into the tribe you have to 'cause. I

is you stay dependant infant,

okay, but now you're socialized into the tribe.

Well, is that where it ends like no, the next thing to do is do

differentiate yourself from the tribe. Well,

still knowing how to behave within the tribe. Well, that's the called

Digitalism and that's. I think what the West got right as we figure that out is like you're more than you're. You have to be

a member of a group because otherwise

socialized, not good for anyone. You not have to anyone.

 

Play on a team man. You have to have team loyalty, but

where you should stop. You should take the next step and become a fully developed individual and see the problem

being just a group member is that the group it's the

with conservatism. The group is a fixed entity,

has its rules and its regulations, and if you remember that's all you are, but the group can

so badly wrong. So the group needs individuals to keep the group alive and revivify it. So you have to be

an individual, so you can revivify the group. That's the cult, that's the call in the way.

To heroism essentially to noble way of living is to develop yourself pass

Your group identity, so that you can re, can

you're the game when that becomes necessary, and I think that there's a

influential line of developmental psychology pioneer

Jean Piaget that laid that out as a developmental progression. First, your

 

a child then you're a member of a group. Then you're an individual, it's like

but to the individual level. That's the solution, the solution to tribalism, but you have to accept responsibility to do that.

And this is what your future authoring program is. Basically all about. I mean it's a wonderful program and, along with this book, rule

Isn't: guidelines for life. I think that's one of the things that a lot of young people are lacking is a,

structure to how to go

all about establishing who they are in the world. Well, that's you know. What's really cool- and it's been really quite remarkable, I would say: is that what I've

order when I've been speaking publicly say over the last year and a half because

there's a hole in our culture where there should be

discussion about maturity, truth and

sponse ability? No ones talk

Okay! So now I'll come up and I'll,

look like what you do with your life. Well take care of yourself.

 

But take care of yourself in the way. That also means that simultaneously, your take care of your family and that and also means

simultaneously you're taking care of the broader community. So that's kind

your goals Oriente your self towards that personal success, but in a way that,

Success breeds success because

if you're going to stab lish name, why not establish like a really good and that's a good one? It's good for you, it's good for everyone else. Yes,

that will give you life some meaning now adopt make a plan generate a vision. That's what the future authoring program helps. People with mega

develop a vision of what your life could be like if, if it was worth living, despite all its suffering like

What would you need so that you would be happy to be alive?

meaningful, so you don't get all bitter and resentful and cruel and hostile an idiot logically addled and like murder,

Justin Genocidal, like none of that, like think real hard.

 

Would you have to configure your life so that, despite its suffering and the malevolence, that's part of it that you would regard it as worthwhile. That's up to you to develop a vision, then put a plan into practice, and so, when I talk to pee

all about this. Most of my audiences are young men. It's probably about six thousand five hundred and thirty, five more and more women are showing up, but that's about what it is right now the halls are dead silent

You could hear a pin drop

because nobody said so clearly for like fifty years that

almost all the meaning that you will need to get you through the hard times of your life is going to be a consequence of adopting responsibility,

not of rights and impulsive action. Impulsive freedom like got it freedom,

no problem, even freedom to do impulsive things, fine, but that

where you going to find the meaning that keeps you sustained through the storms of life. That's going to be to take care of yourself. You take care of your income

 

partner you take care of your damn family. You don't run off. You take care of your community, you

see the wisdom from the past, you stand up straight

and be courageous, despite the fact that life is tragic and tainted by malevolence, like that's the ancient wisdom, that's what that is

and understanding that their structure and discipline and that you know I

in a lot of ways both of those things you

scribed earlier, I'm in a lot of ways.

My mind is created

and I'm always sort of half pint

into things, but I'm also

yeah right and it's one of the reasons why I think I I so relate to both sides of this issue, because I could be one of the reasons you're successful.

We have easily been some hardcore right wing asshole, I'm a competition oriented person. I've been since I was a child. I grew up compete.

In martial arts tournaments mean that

 

You have to be a hard person to do that. You have to understand what discipline is, but but

or that I was an artist. I wanted to be a cartoon it. I wanted to do comic books, that's what I

where do you want to be an illustrator if it wasn't for one

bad teacher in high school that totally scheid me away from art? I probably would have

run into that as a as a living where

I look at both sides. I see myself in both sides. Yep yep, well, the other

I've been telling young men is that and- and this is something I think that you could relate to tremendously- is hi. I read this new testament line well it decades ago, and I

never understand it. It's the line is the meek shall inherit the earth, and I thought this I'm wrong with that. That line it

it doesn't make sense to me meet just, doesn't seem to me to be a moral virtue, and so I did a series of Biblic,

lectures this year, like fifteen of them not was also a weird little experience that we can talk about, but I was looking through the these. These sayings these maxims, and that was one of them to make sure

 

there at the earth, but I've been using this site called Bible Hub and it's very interesting. It's organized very interesting, so you have a biblical line and then they have like

three pages of commentary on each line, and so because people have comment

in every verse, in the Bible like to the degree

almost unimaginable, so you can look and see all the interpretations in all the translations and get some.

Sense of what the genuine meaning might be and the line

the meek shall inherit the earth. Meek is not a good translation.

Or the word has moved in the three hundred years or so three hundred years or so since it was translated. What it mean

Is this

those who have swords and know how to use them, but keep them. Sheath will inherit the world

and that's another thing. I've been tell yeah no kidding, that's a big difference, big difference, it's so great, and so one of the things I tell young men on young women as well,

the young man really need to hear this more, I think, is that you should be a monster

 

because everyone says well, you should be harmless.

Chulas you shouldn't. Do anyone any harm? You should sheath your competitive instinct. You shouldn't try to win. You know you don't want to.

Too aggressive. I don't want to be too assertive. You want to take a back seat in all of that. It's like no,

You should be a monster, an absolute monster and

Then you should learn how to control it. Do you know the express'?

and it's better to be a warrior and a garden that a gardener in a war right right, exactly that's exactly it yeah and that's exactly right, and so what I tell young men that they think well lots of

more competitive there low in agreeableness. You know, 'cause, that's part of being competitive. Temperamentally

So, if there's something wrong with being competitive,

thing wrong with cheating. There's something wrong with

being a tyrant is something

with winning unfairly. All of those things are bad, but you don't

people to win. What's the difference between trying to win and striving, you want to erratic

beats driving. What's the uncomfortable feeling that people associate with losing when they've personally experienced it,

 

they look at losing as they they've been oppressed, are they've been hurt, but they don't

understand is dad. Is the motivation for growth and one of the

beautiful things that I think a young person can get involved in? Is martial arts because martial arts,

teach you that, in a way that very few things do they teach you it in?

especially jujitsu because

Jujitsu is so complex and there's so many possibilities to it that it attracts a lot of really smart people. If you think of Juju

do you would think of like brutish individuals engaging in this hard, martial art? If you go to a real,

good Jiu Jitsu School, you see nerds, you see

Bunch of like really smart kids, that really

get obsessed with the possibilities of this physical language, this

physical language. Also teaches you the consequences of not

working hard of not

prepared of not understanding positions of not doing due diligence and doing the work, and it's it's an amazing amazing scaffolding for

 

helping your life, but also teaches you how to lose. Yes, that's very important definition of a winner is someone who

never let losing stop them. Yes, you know and

The idea that a single LOS in the competition is somehow a defeat is completely insane's. First of all. Well, let's say your

hockey player in your good player and you lose the tournaments like well. So what you played the game?

You're increasing your skills, it's like there's always next time and one of the things that I've also been.

Informing people about is the idea that life isn't a game.

It's a series of games and the right ethic

is to be the winner of the series of Games and part.

That means. You have to learn how to be a good loser, because you're not going to win every single game, but you also have

embrace those losses as learning experiences and the people that

never lost afraid of losing their afraid of learning, you're afraid of that fee.

The tearable feeling that you get from losing is so beneficial. It say

 

Give me in so many ways like it's. One of the reasons is also one of the reasons why I talk so openly about bombing on stage, and I do it

other comedians are you. I will always want to tell people yeah. I'm honest.

Stab lish comedian, I've been a comedian for a long time. Let me tell you bout like when I was two years in or five years in or or

four years ago. It can. We tell you about some horrible

moments on stage where it went wrong. So you understand, like those things took me to another place, because I realized, I don't want to ever feel that feeling again and so I wrapped everything up and then I went back to work and I went over my notebooks and I went over my my recordings.

I figured out what I was doing wrong and, and I tried to improve upon it, but if it wasn't for that horrible sick feeling,

The same family you get when you get tapped out in Jujitsu class, same feeling, you get when you,

use a martial arts, tournament or anything else losing is important. Well, you might also say, like let's say that you could pick you can pick your level of competition in life to some degree.

Ok, so let's say you pick a level of competition where you're always winning it's like well

 

that means is you picked the wrong level of competition because you know like let's say your

ran master chess player and you're. All you do is play armatures and every night you go home and congratulate yourself and what a genius you are because you just stop these people left right and center. It's like not a genius, your dim Witt right. What you should be doing,

playing people who are beating you like well as much

you can tolerate? So maybe that's forty percent of the time, maybe sixty percent of the time, but that way cuz to be a winner. You want to be different

do you want to know what you're doing and then you want to be on the edge where your skills

being developed and if you're going to,

the edge where your skills are going to be developed. You run a place where, where

LOS we're losing, is always a possibility, because

otherwise you're not pushing yourself beyond your current capacity and so one of the

that I've outlined in twelve rules for life is a theory of meaning, because

as far as I'm concerned, that sense of meaningful engagement is the antidote to malevolence and suffering. Essentially, '

 

'cause. You want to have a life that so engaging that you think, despite the fact that I'm limited and

they were mortal and that life is tragedy and there's evil in the world. Despite all that, this is worth doing, and I think that that there's there's a there's, a technical meaning that

that genuinely exists, and that's the meaning that you get when you're in

domain. Where you have some discipline and some skill, so you're laying out your competence and your your ability, but you

simultaneously, pushing yourself to develop past, where you are

that's really engrossing and what's that doing, that is doing

is expanding your competence, and so life is suffering and betrayal

in in many senses of the word, but you can adopt

way of traversing through life. That is more power,

shuffle than the tragedy in the malevolence. I agree, and I say too many people that what

 

is going on in your life. Is you have a series of human reward systems that are in your body and coded in your body in your genetics and

the reason why human being survive? The twenty eighteen in

to be happy. You have to feed those things you have to feed

all of them you have to feed the one that one

is to overcome difficult tasks. You have to

the one that wants to solve problems. You have to feed the one that wants to be

a loving tribe of people that you care about. You have to feed the one that wants to procreate you,

feed all of these things. You have to feed the

love. You have to feed the competition you have to feed the discipline and that

to me is the only way to stay balanced or with me with my body and my mind as well,

I've I've been able to stay balanced and

either more any of those things get out of wack

get out of what yeah well so so part of that is so imagine this. So imagine that you're, this loose collect

and of all these things that need to be gratified that need to be fed. It's perfectly reasonable way of looking at it biologically. Ok, so now you have to

 

conjure up a motive being that's at

justifies all those necessities simultaneously. But then this is a technical expert,

which is why the postmodernist insistence that

there's an infinite number of explanations turns out to be wrong,

I need an infinite number of interpretations, there's a very finite number of

viable interpretations, so the first can

paint is what exactly what you just said. You have these inner demons. Let's say

all of which need to be satisfied.

Not only do they need to be satisfied today, but they need to be so

this fight today in a way that doesn't interfere with satisfying them next week next month, next year and in a decade so 'cause there's no

point in you

betraying your your fee,

put yourself to gratify your present self to stupid game.

Ok, so you're constrained by the necessity of sad

just fighting yourself, but of maintaining that satisfaction across time, but then it gets even worse.

It's hard enough, but

 

like there's an infinite number of use.

Extending indefinitely into the future and all of them have to be satisfied simultaneously. But then it's

First, because it isn't just you, you have to figure out how

ratify all those internal demons in a sustainable way in a way that uh,

people not only don't object to, but probably help you with and

It benefits them at the same time. Well, then, you think you think well there

start that many ways of solving that problem, and we know some of them. One of them is reciprocity. You know like if you

go out of your way. For me, it's

incumbent on me to notice that, and do it

camped in some manner to to repay you and like if we're good friends. That's what we'll do if we're good

brothers, that's what we'll do that's what you do with your wife, it's a reciprocal arrangement and that keeps things flow

being properly across time.

This is the answer to the post. Modern conundrums like well is life meaningless. Is everything just now nihilus

 

is. Is nihilism the right answer, or maybe you know the? What would you call

information with an ideology as a counter position to nihilism, so nihilism is wrong. Life is meaningful

for twelve rules for life is about the first meaning of life is suffering and malevolence is

indisputable realities, okay, well, what's whatsapp! After

well, there's a noble way of being that allows you to exist properly, despite that

and also not to make it worse. So can you

life be meaningful enough, so that you? What is it confront? Chaos voluntarily

establishing Revivify order.

Constrain malevolence, that's a good three part doctrine for life,

things to do, and so that's what I've been talking to the

this is that I've been seeing over the last year. It's like get your act together, stand up forthrightly, that's true!

We want stand up straight with your shoulders back. There's a vote

 

the position right because you're old, but it's a powerful position, because it means that you're brave enough to take what's coming, and

Isn't like what's coming, isn't dangerous, it's dangerous so, but your best bet is to be.

Dancing on your feet, ready for to pay attention to be awake and to treat yourself property. That's

cool tools, figure out how to treat yourself as if you're someone worth coming to the aid of to detach your

often a bit and say: ok, I'm going to set up my life so that it it's good for me and good for other people,

as well as that's a corollary to that. So the book is all about all about.

The meanings of life, the negative meanings suffering malevolence,

those are indisputable realities and then a mode of being that integrates the sorts of things that you were

talking about. These underlying needs with everyone else is and like doing that voluntarily, it's a call to responsibility and meaning, and I actually think it's not.

The thing that's been so exciting for me for the last three decades. Looking

 

to these things is that I believe that

there is a genuine human ethic. It's not arbitrary has to do with reciprocity, for example, has to do with honesty. That's another thing. Is that speak the truth,

turns out better. If you speak the truth and so does everyone else. So in this biblical lecture series I did I looked at

the first chapter in Genesis and there's a theory in there. It's really interesting theory, and the theory is that there's three parts to being there's chaos and potential,

that would be like the potential you should live up too 'cause everyone says: well, you should live up to your potential, it's like what the hell is, that you can't measure it or touch it taste. It feel it it's this hypoth

typical thing that everyone regards Israel. It's like it's like the future. What's the future,

not here, yet you can't measure it. What makes you think it's real! Well,

act as if it's real and that seems to work there. So there's pote.

 

So that's one! That's chaos, chaotic potential, then there's order and that's

structure that you need in order to to confront the chaos and you be

born with that biologically and then there's your ability to call forth from the potential new order. That's what you do with your speech and that's what that's? What happens in the first chapter of Genesis is that God uses God order. Let's say

uses the power of truthful speech. That's the logos to transform potential into order and that's what people are may

in the image of so there's this theory. It's a lovely theory! That's laid out right at the beginning of the Bible. That says that if you tell the truth, you trans

form the potential of being into a

habitable actuality, that's how it works

Ok! Well, how do you? How do you make the world better? Tell the truth, 'cause, the

 

world you bring into being. As a consequence of telling the truth will be a good world, and I believe, that's true, I think its true metaphorically, I think its true theologically and I think it's true.

At the practical and scientific level as well. I think it's true and all those levels simultaneously. So that's been ridiculously exciting to to sort through, I think,

this notion and one of the things that you said that I think really resonates is that there's not a voice out there. That is

possibility, and that is talking about how important this is- and I think this is an inherent principle that most people are kind of aware of, and it feels good to them to hear like it resonates so you.

Feel it when you, when you're saying this clean your room, you know

put your house in order. People like yeah yeah.

How come I'm not hearing them right back? I'm I'm not hearing this well, it's so funny because one of the things psychologists have done for the last twenty years, specially the soul

 

psychologist- is pushed this idea of self esteem. You should feel good about yourself now. I think

Why would you tell someone twenty that, like you should

good about who you are it's like? No, you shouldn't. Why should

you feel good about who you are like you should

good about who you could be that's way better 'cause. He got

sixty years to turn into who you could wait a minute. Are you what your accomplishments are, or are you dis individual going through this journey,

I think there's anything wrong with feeling good about who you are as long as it's tempered by an understanding of potential and what you have accomplished versus what you can

competent. Well, I think that having confidence is a big part of it is. It is, and I'm not saying that people shouldn't have confidence, but, like often you take young,

people say there are sixteen to twenty two and they're not really feel

not good about who they are right because their life is chaotic in in disorder and they don't know where they're going and that they don't know which way is up because of the could be bad parenting absolutely, and we have to be a lot of abuse going on and I

 

it's one of the reasons why people that resonates with people, this idea of be happy for you about who you are right, feel good about who you right, but but the thing is it, it has to be stated with precision it's like yes,

it's like you should you should treat yourself as if your valuable,

especially in potential, but you should

and trade on who you should become, especially if you're young and so

let's say, you're, miserable and nihilistic and chaotic and depressed, and all of that now you have your reasons. You know terrible parenting abuse all of those things it's like well, you should feel good about yourself. It's like no! No, it's not it's! Not! It's! Not the right message is that

it's more like you should understand how much potential there is within you to set that straight

and then you should do everything you can to manifest that in the world and it will set it straight and that's better than self esteem. It's like your

Krooked horrible position. Ok, fine, there's a lot of suffering in pain associated with that yeah. You can't just feel good about,

because it's not good, but you can do something

 

but you can genuinely do something about it and I think all the evidence suggests that that's the case. Yes, so I'm

telling young people look there's no matter. How

had your situation is? I'm not going to pretend it's! Okay, it's not! Okay, it's tragic!

and some people really get hurt by malevolent. People like you know terribly,

Sometimes they never recover. It's really awful, but

more to you than you think, and if you stand up and face it with with the positive with

with a noble vision with discipline and intent, you can go far farther

to overcoming it. Then you could imagine and that's the principle on which

you should predicate your behavior, and I think that one

things that's really nice about being a clinical psychologist is that this isn't just guesswork like one of the things we

so two things in clinical psychology. One is

conversations redeem people,

the clinical psychologist,

have a truthful conversation.

 

The conversation is

wrong with my life,

because that you know maybe takes a year to have that conversation and both of the parties

they're doing everything they can to lay it out properly. Here's how it might be fixed here's, what a beneficial future might look like,

and so it's a completely honest conversation if it's working well and all the

happening in the conversation is that the two people involved are trying to make things better. That's the goal: let's see

if we can have a conversation that will make things better.

Ok, so we know that works. It does make things better and then and uh

everything we know is that well, let's say

there's a bunch of things that you're afraid of that are in your way

some vision about who you want to be. Maybe you have to you know you,

to be successful in your career. So you have to learn to talk in front of a group. It's like ok, well, you're, afraid of that

no wonder you don't want to be humiliated, so ok! So what do we do about that? Well, may

We first get you to speak in front of one person and then three people. You know for five minutes and then for ten minutes, like graduate

 

exposure to what you're afraid of voluntary.

Graduated exposure to what you're afraid of is curatives and that's true, it works.

The documentation is in its how people learned so so to to to tell people that if you confront the world forthrightly,

you speak the truth and you expose yourself courageously to those things that you're afraid of that your life, a limp,

proven so will the life of people around you like,

as far as I'm concerned, that's as close to undeniable fact as we go as we've got, and it also ducktales nicely with the underlined archetypal stories that heroic stories it's like go out. There find the dragon. Confronted

is dragon, it might eat you it's dangerous, but it's worth

just to cower at home and wait for it to come and devour you go out there confront it, get the gold share it with the community. It's like yeah, it's the oldest story,

 

mankind. I think one of the factors in the resistance of these ideas, of discipline and of taking responsibility for yourself and of a lot of the things that you've been saying in regards to all the things that we discussed earlier. Is people recog?

and if they're not doing that in their own lives and they get upset and instead of looking internally, they tried to attack the thing, that's upsetting them, they did attack. Your message may attack the philosophy by

find it rather than look internally and objectively and having

sort of introspective point of view where you go okay

I reacting to this, because this is resonates like I'm missing this aspect of my life, it is this guy does

Does this diminish me, or is this guy?

running something out that I can benefit from very few people are willing to do that. Very few people are willing to take that critical moment too.

 

You look at their own behavior and look at their own thought process and wonder if the actual adverse reaction they have to this person's message is because they know that they're wrong yeah. What's so, what's it's

a couple of reasons for that one is well

You think that your someone we should listen to right. So I care enough, you know, so you got to be poked a bunch to see if that's true and then the next thing is well, it's it's pain

info to understand how much of what you're doing isn't productive so I'll give an example. So

just a couple of times with classrooms full of students. Usually when I'm lecturing about career development say ok

How much time do you waste so that I could get the class to vote? How many of you waste ten hours a day? It's like ten percent of the kids are put up their hands

and it's interesting 'cause, I don't define what constitutes waste. I just ask the question, so there

 

diagnosing themselves right, I'm not saying you're wasting ten hours a day, I'm just asking is like given your own attitude, how much time you're wasting ten hours a day. It's like ten percent of the people put up their hand.

Well, when you get to like six hours a day, eighty percent of the people put up their hands. So then we do the arithmetic, it's like, because I like doing arithmetic with people, people hate arithmetic, but I like doing it. It's like ok, six hours a day.

Two hours a week, so let's call that a work week, forty hours a week, so so that's that's that work week,

Let's say: what's your time worth your university student or

certainly worth minimum wage 'cause. Obviously, but it's

it's way more than that, because if you spend a productive out

when you're twenty, then you

in the benefits of that hour for the rest of your life, so there's the com pounding effect of time spent when we're young, so I say

let's assume your time is worth fifty dollars an hour. We,

I think, is an underestimate, but whatever let's call it fifty, we call twenty five, but we'll call it. Fifty thanks to the

dollars a week, you're wasting one hundred

 

one a year. How much better would a year

maybe if you weren't, wasting one hundred thousand dollars a year.

Four million dollars. It's like you're, rich,

you, don't even know it by your own definition. It's like people shake their heads like. I never thought about it that way. It's like yeah

think about it. That way, don't waste your damn life and then

I think, well, why would people be resistant to that message? It's like! Well, you really want

pick up and figure out that your way

wasting half your life and you know-

People do that kind of wasting

I really hate it. You know, and I've had lots of people come to my clinical practice who were chronic pro

estimators, you know, and so there watching

Youtube videos say, but not ones that are good for them, although sometimes they will do

yeah, but just browsing

and that kind of mindless way that you do when you're not paying attention and you're trying to kill time and people doing that they feel bad. They get depressed, they

 

you're anxious, they can't get away from it. They feel kind of quasi addicted or they do saying about social media now so huge issue with young kids absolutely, but there's this feeling of kind of

eternal rotten corruption that goes along with it's like yeah. Well, you're wasting your life like. So it's painful, it's painful to recognize that then it's painful to think oh

God look how undisciplined I am. I don't know anything

it uses schedule. I can't I can't stick to a calendar. I don't have any aims. I don't know anything about the world.

Right and maybe there's a part of me, that's bitter, because I haven't got everything already and I'd like just like to say to hell with it. That's the record

of the union shadow like that's what makes you vicious and and and and untrustworthy all of that? No one

to look at that and no bloody wonder: hey

the alternative is worse. So

the problem is you sent like just saying

stop wasting your life like. I think that that's not enough. I think

 

this is one of the reasons why I look like this is so important like the idea of discipline and

most people's eyes is like if you're, not a disciplined person, it's

double it's, it's gonna be painful. It's it's a for a frustratingly you you, you have to force yourself into these things. It's a muscle to

and it's a muscle that has to be developed in these patterns have to be developed in your own mind permanently. Yes, yeah well with so you're right,

telling people not to waste their lives is not enough, and this is another reason why so

much enjoyed being a clinical psychologist, because clinical psychologists don't stick with high level abstractions

especially the behaviors that are really practical. It's like ok! You want to get your act together. It's like well how 'bout, if, let's say, you're, not studying

what it well, and so we do. A real analysis of how much you study say when I go to the library for hours a day: it's like yeah, yeah, okay, how much time you

actually study in the library. Well,

no, I waste time. I have to try

 

well there I look at my phone. It's like ok! Well, how much fifteen minutes have

an hour. How much is real studying? Well, maybe we figure out it's fifteen minutes so

okay, so what going to do for one week is you're going to

ready for half an hour. That's all you don't get to go to the library for four hours you have to

shut down, will figure out a time one thousand o'clock in the morning, whatever we put in your schedule, try to stay

for half an hour, no more and then just come back and let

have a conversation about how well that worked, and people

back and they say well, you know I managed it four days and one day I went over and one day I

and do it at all. It's like! Ok, that's better! Instead of seventy five min

this of studying, you know, fifteen minutes

pay for seven days. What is that? One thousand five hundred and seventy one one hundred and five minutes

managed about two hundred and ten minutes. So you've already produced an improvement of fifty percent in your bumble

in horrible way he got a fifty percent improvement in one week. It's like that's deadly, it's like

so in the future authoring program

 

people to do is think about your life along six dimensions. What you want for dimensions,

so the goal is this going to take care of yourself

hyphen three years that justifies its suffering. That's the goal, so you can

print, the damn life, but you have to think what you would be satisfied with, so you wouldn't be all bitter and resentful. It's like okay. What do you want from your family? What do you want from your friend's party and educate yourself

Do you want for your career? How are you going to use your time outside of work? How are you going to handle drugs and alcohol and other temptations like that? How are you going to keep yourself mentally and physically healthy, and these are open

questions like you get to answer them? The idea is you?

and whatever you want

plastic and you have to figure out what it is

okay, so now develop a vision. What's your life going to be like in three to five years, so you write down, then we do

else which is: okay,

and habits in your resentment in your bitterness in all of that, your procrastination gets completely out of hand and you auger down.

 

And your in your own personal version of hell in three to five years. Does that look like everyone else, that slick everyone can look into the future and think well

If I keep going on this dark path, this is where I'll end up. Well, then you got little

download line for yourself to run away from

you got a little have an outline for yourself to run towards and then you're

motivated, because some

times you know, you're just hopeful. I would like a good thing to happen. It's like yeah, but you know, I'd like to drink half boil a whiskey tonight too

like so, which is it going to be well just being hopeful about,

future might not be enough. But then you think all I see like there's that little

call thing that I outlined this waiting for me and maybe I'm afraid of

in the next next step forward, 'cause, it's demanding and challenging, it's like yeah, I'm afraid

that, but I'm way more afraid of where I might end up. If I don't get my act together and people should be that's, why

their conceptions of Helen. So many religions, it's like hell, is a real place,

that's a whole different question? Whether its weight

 

sing for you in the afterlife. That's a whole different question, but if you've never met anyone in Hell, you haven't

live very long. You have

had your eyes open, yeah. It's undeniable that feeling of toll

complete misery, undeniable yeah, especially when it's compounded by the fact

you know you did it to yourself. That's the real fun, that's the real fun part. It's like

I'm having a bitch of a time and I richly deserve it. Jesus that's

roughness is another concept that is doesn't have a voice right now. This is

another I mean this is a giant part of being human being, instead of identity,

ticks and right versus left. I think these

right versus left battles often times what they are, is a simply the battleground for the conflicts in your own mind better to have the conflict in yourself

that's another thing. I really learned well, not not only from the new testament, but a fair bit from that. You know the idea is that well,

there's evil in the world of all sorts and some

 

if it's teveel in other people

more, it's the evil in your brother's heart, but the part of it.

You can really do something about that's the malevolence in your own heart. You can.

We do something about that and now it's actually way more useful than you think so, because if you can face it in you,

then you start to understand it, and that also makes you strong enough to identify it and to fight it. When you see it in the external world plus you don't do any harm so like like there's lots of p

all over the world going out and doing reprehensible things, and you might say: well, you should go out and protest against them like that.

Sometimes you should, but

and the time you should think.

Where am I falling short of the ideal? My own ideal, dozen

have to be one that someone puts on you. Where am I

less than I should be. Where am I bitter? Where am I making the world a worse place than it has to be? You yourself

those questions will be in for a big shock, say well what would happen if you stop doing that? That's what twelve rules for life is about. It's like

stop saying things that make you weak. Stop telling lies

 

that you know to be lies, start

doing things. You know to be useless and counterproductive, aim, high dog

some responsibility and then see

what the hell happens.

People will do will do

People do that too, and I think in the if more people live their life in this sort of a matter, I think we're gonna have a less differences in terms of our ideologies and more of an understanding that people have different ways of looking at things in different ways of living and this this combat between people,

this this internal strife that manifest itself

this combat between ideologies. I think you

are much more inclined to let other people live their lives if you're living your life in a satisfactory manner that that's exactly it. That's a good that I have a

chapter in their own raising kit says: don't like your kids, don't let your

just do anything that makes you just like them

 

on the observation, deck you're, quite a monster, and it would be better for your kids if they didn't get on your bad side and like I again because I'm

clinical psychology saying monster? Why do use that term because I've watched families like I've seen families where

it's as if every single person in the family has their hands around the neck of the fam.

Remember that's close to them and their squeezing, but only titan

to strangle him in twenty years, but you're not always used as a pejorative. You you you've, also used a you should become a monster. You should be a monster yeah, but that's that's you shouldn't be it. It shouldn't be accidental.

That's the thing, so what do you mean by monster then in a positive sense like you should be a monster? Oh, that's, easy, positive monsters, somebody who says no and means it.

'cause, when you say know what you mean, is there isn't any

and you can do to me that will make me agree to do this. Why is that a monster? Because you have to be because no one

take you seriously otherwise

seriously like no means. If you keep push,

 

getting there. Something that you do not like will happen to you that

but no means you don't have any strength of

character unless you can put up a fight,

I want to be able to say no to something is to be able to put up a fight

can't do that if you're, if you can be pushed around you,

get argued into submission or you'll feel guilty, because you're causing conflict or something like that, but is there confusion using those terms, is a positive as a and a negative? Maybe is another word sort of monster? Well, there is the reason

the potential there is the potential for confusion. You say well is that something that can be

'cause, I think monster is a horrible thing. I don't think of it as being like a wall,

like someone who is just rock solid in their belief system and rock solid and-

there are understand when you, when you fight someone whose formidable say what do you think of the per

that you're fighting like? How would you characterize them? They may have a

monster side because they can bring physical.

 

Substantial physical force to bear on the situation and and be willing to do it so

not naive and and harm

us by any stretch of the imagination right, they have a well developed capacity for May him they think. Well, is that more and

it's like well, I would say: yes, I would say, fears fierce fine.

Let's go with that yeah 'cause someone whose fierce informed

it's not necessarily a monster. You know

I think of a monster is being in just an awful person. Who's done awful things, and just you know, ok, well, so fair, fair enough! Well, so back to the back to the situation with your kids, while you definite

I don't want to have your kids act in a way that awakens your inner monster right. Let's put it that way and '

so you need to you need to

organize your family with a certain amount of discipline.

In a certain amount of structure so that you get to do what you want, which is back to back to the point that you made earlier so that your

 

happy to have your kids around so that you won't take revenge on them, and so you want to lay your life out so that

so that it's providing you what you need to not be bitter and to work for your best

Tristan for the interests of everyone else. That would be lovely and I think it's attainable. You know because the book is very dark

and I'm a very dark guy in some ways, because I've looked at the terrible things that people do to

that's the fascinating way of looking at you think yourself as dark as I don't

I don't think of you as dark. That's good! You seem very friendly guy, I think you're very serious and especially about these very complicated issues, and I think that

that's one of the reasons why you have made this

gigantic wave

in online discourse and people discussing these very tumultuous times we live in is 'cause you're, a guy that did Extr

calculate your guided. Look at that see sixteen bill and look

 

Marxism and go do you know where this is headed and you were

the guy that had the courage to say, murderous and people like what the fuck is. He

talking about that doesn't make any sense and you

how to spell it out and explain it, and when you do, you realize why

this is so significant to you yeah. Well, the try

Ableism issue that you were discussing earlier doesn't seem to be all that. What would you say debatable that if we degenerate into

tribalism, the probability of bloodshed becomes vastly enhanced. It's like well, that always happens when people would evolve into tribalism

so and I'm pointing to a particular kind of tribalism. I guess the darkness is that

you know I'm very aware of the terrible things that people not only are likely to do to each other, but do do to each other. All the time I mean what about forty?

sent for divorce rate right, but you have to go.

He needs to go through a fairly fair bit of ugly

just to get to divorce.

Ideas are nicer than Americans. Maybe you guys are forty percent, maybe maybe

 

I think it's really simple be present. Yeah I mean, I think I think it actually it's fifty percent here somewhere

but yeah yeah. You have to go through a lot. That's really ugly to you know Chris Rock, how to joke about that. He's like fifty

just kind of people get divorced. He goes he goes, but that's

the people who had the courage to leave. It was how many cowards just stay and suffer.

And meanwhile, I wound up getting divorced a few years later: right, horrible divorce, so yeah true story, yeah yeah yeah, but it's a good point. Yeah

I think we need more people who are actualized human beings, more people who understand themselves more people have gone through adversity, both

 

in real life and personal, in terms of their understanding of their own growth of their own potential and their own understanding of how they've managed their life their mind there

actions and the

or we have people that have personal sovereignty, the better will

be able to have these conversations. Well that be the hope. You know. One of the things I've been suggesting to people is that they picked something difficult to do rid. This is funny little paragraph by Kierkegaard. It was written about

one thousand eight hundred and forty, and he was thinking about his role as a student and writer, and he was a student and writer forever. You know he never really had a career apart from that

and he said that he wasn't one of these people who was capable of inventing

something wonderful to make life easier,

for everyone like so many people were doing. You know during the industrial revolution he said. Well, maybe I'm one of the

people whose benefit to

 

sorry will be that I will make things more difficult for everyone, because there will come a time when what people want not they don't want ease. They

difficulty instead and I think well. That is what people want. That is what they were.

You think. Well, I want an easy happy life. It's like! No! Actually that isn't where you want. If you want to pull one, does things that are difficult, that they can overcome yeah right, that's

right. They want an optimal challenge. Well,

a whole different thing when you

overcome something when you do something difficult, whether it's I mean I've, never written a book, but I assume, when you write a book when you're done writing. That book is a great feeling of accomplishment 'cause, it's very difficult to do that, feeling of a

it's like when I put together a comedy special or when I just anything, that's difficult, there's a feeling like I did it. I did it yeah

one of the mysteries is why that feeling exists. You know it's a jet

anyone, it's not a trivial thing that it's to say I did so

being difficult, and that was worthwhile. Basically,

 

what you're saying to yourself is well. There was a lot of suffering attendant on that, along with the just general suffering of life, but it turned out.

That was worth it. That's what you want is like you.

I want that sense that you're in

aged? Something that's worth it and I say say like I: I try to not to

the casual optimist about these sorts of things mean one of the

things I do in twelve. Rules for life is layout. The rationale that drives people

like the Columbine High School killers 'cause- I uh-

understand that rationale. I've studied it for uh.

I know why they did what they did and they have a power

full argument, but it's wrong, but you don't

there's no sense in showing how it's wrong before showing that it's a powerful argument. Like light life is

suffering. There is lots of malevolence. It's no wonder that people want to bring being itself

to a halt. They want to take revenge on. It's not surprising.

Going about it. The right way is it

the sorts of things that you were just observing is you take on a difficult task that push

as you pass where you are already and you

 

you succeed in it, and you get this sense that, yes, that was worthwhile. It's like that's why

you want? You want to live in that place where things are worthwhile. That's

paradise on earth, that's what that is, and it isn't some happy little

place where you know someone is feeding you peeled grapes that isn't what

it is it's more like

more like victory on the honorable battlefield or something like that?

People have of ultimate success and ultimate happiness is. It seems motivated by what they don't have wrath

within an understanding of what success and happiness really is there.

The idea is that one day I'm going to go and I'm going to be in my

golden years and I'm just going to be able to sit around and do nothing until everybody to fuck off. You will be

happy at all yeah. I talked to one of the people that I was working with, who had like a vision

for retirement. I said: well, what's your vision for retirement? Well, I see myself in the beach. You know some tropical country drinking margaritas and I thought first, that's not plan

 

to travel posters like ok, let's, let's walk through this alright, so you go down

this tropical country and you go sit on the beach and

I have a margarita. It's like

ok! Well how many margaritas, like ten

Ok, this is going to do that. We're going to do that for six months, you'll be dead. Yeah! Well, you'll, be this like pathetic sunburned like fat, yeah unhappy, hungover, surviving yeah yeah! It's like that's your major rated. So how long can you have a margarita on a beach like? Maybe you can do that

once every six months for like ten minutes, something like that, it's not a vision

true, but when you are working and slaving away, you think about that beach with your feet up and the way

comes over. Would you like another margarita, Mister Peter, so yeah? Yes, I will absolutely and I got right exactly, but it's it's like the sixteen year old fantasy of you heard us is like well and it just doesn't work out so yeah and and the thing that the thing is. Is that the thing that's

 

the stains people through life really is the lift

of a worthwhile burden? It's something like that. But it's part '

'cause we're social animals right. It's like we're evolved to be useful

to the people around us, because they're much more likely to let us live if we're like that, so it's been

fun fund talking too, especially talking to young men about this is like

the other thing too is, I think the world the world is full of darkness. Let's say, and

we could say, each of us have a little bit of light and if we released that lie,

if we let it shine properly Christ, it's too cliched to go

one with in some sense, but.

The world is a lesser place if you do

reveal from

within yourself what you have to reveal and the fat

that the world is a lesser place actually turns out not to be trivial like if you

I want everything you could be, more people will die, more people will suffer,

more, evil will be unconstrained. More

tyranny will rain more chaos.

 

It will remain chaotic and dangerous,

all of that. Do you mean this by this? In the sense of like the old proverb of the wings of a butterfly fluttering become a hurricane

something similar to that, but it can even be more local. It's like your family is more messed up than it could be.

If you were less messed up, then you are right. So if you just got your act together,

like ten percent more your family would be one percent better right. It's like well do it and that would re

often dental people today in your s, yes, interact, yes and and what it ripples fast. Yes, that's the other thing, that's so cool. Is that, like people think well

the seven billion of us, and each of

This is just this separate test mode like floating in the cosmos and what the hell difference does it make what you do anyways. So

that is not how we're connected. So, like you

center of a network- and you know

well, you know way more people than this. But let's say typically

you know one thousand people in your life- well,

I have to have an impact on them and

 

those one thousand people is going to one thousand people so you're, one step from a million and two steps from a billion, and we are network technically that

that's how human interactions work, and so when you do

something that you shouldn't do it's worse than you think.

When you do something that you should do it's better than you think, and so you think well. This is why I've been to

People will clean up your room, it's like well, your room is actually network too. It's not that easy to

clean up your room to set it,

but you want your room to be set up so that when you walk in there it tells you to

be better than you generally. Are

it's organized? It's got direction. Every

things in its place. You try to do the

chaotic household,

because I had students. Do these sorts of things, assignments I'd say, look,

make a small moral goal, clean up your room and just right

down what happens as a consequence. So maybe these are students in a chaotic household, the whole place,

is a bloody mass, no it's taking in a responsibility for anything, and so they decide they're going to start to clean up their room.

 

And then the people in the household notice. Well, the first thing they do is

pissed off. It's like who do you think you are

like you think, you're better than us like. Why do you think this is worthwhile? Who made who

guide made you God, all of that so just by trying to

organize this little part of their life, they immediately run into the people whose actions there

casting in a dim light by trying to improve themselves to some degree they might have to have like a thorough

the war in their household to be allowed to do something as simple as keep the room orderly they find out very rapidly. That

hey, that's way more difficult than it sounds and be that the consequences of it are far more far reaching than people think so that's quite fun

maybe part of it is, is that

Everything around you is full of potential. Everything, maybe

more potential than you could ever possibly Utile eyes, and

maybe all you have is this little rat hole of a room in some rundown place in the world? It's like fix it up.

 

There's more there than you think see what happens if you fix it up and you'll fix yourself.

Simultaneously 'cause because you have to get disciplined in order to fix up the room. Many have a fixed

Broom and you'll be a more fixed up person. It's like you think that nothing will happen.

The consequences that it's like all hell,

break loose as a consequence of that

try. It is worth trying and it's a concept that seems alien to people. But if you

think about it. It makes sense. Well, people don't take what they have.

Right in front of them seriously enough. It's like the wasting time thing. They don't do the arithmetic, you know, and they

also don't understand they devalue what they have right in front of them like another. Another client I worked with was having a hard time put in his kid to bed at night, and so we did the arithmetic. It's like. Well, I'm fighting with my kid for four,

five minutes a night trying to get him to go to bed. Ok, so let let's analyze that alright! So what does that mean? What means that both

you the day upset. That's not so good. If why would you want that?

 

It means that you're spending forty five minutes fighting when you could spend twenty minutes doing something:

was it like reading to him say means that you don't get to spend that time.

With your wife, so she's not very happy with you plus you're annoyed, because you don't see her plus. You blame it on the kid because he's the proximal cause like that's pretty damn ugly and then and then let's do the rest.

It's like seven days a week, forty five minutes a day. Let's call at five hours

Twenty hours a week, two hundred four

the hours in a year at six you're spending a month and a half of work weeks, fighting with your four year old son, think you're, going to like him.

You don't like anyone you spend a month and a half a year fighting with it's a bad idea, fix it get important to bed, make it peaceful. You do

Like these things, that repeat every single day, that's a motif in this book to your life is a

margaritas on a beach in in Jamaica.

That happens now, and then those are exceptions. Your life is how your wife,

 

greet you at the door when you come home every day

Your life is how you treat each other over the breakfast table

that's an hour and a half for an hour every single day you get those

mundane things right, those things you do everyday, if concentrated on them and you make them pristine. It's like you got. Eighty percent of your life put together

these little things that are right in front of us: they're, not little. That's the first thing

they are not little and they're hard to set right, and if you set the right, it has a rippling effect and fast to way faster than people. Think I want to talk about

The rippling effect 'cause. I know you gotta get outta here at one, but I want to talk about the rippling effect that you

who have had on people and how that makes you feel I mean you were relatively unknown.

A year and a half two years ago,

and now you have become

lack of a better term you're an online celebrity and your

 

each is fantastic now. This thing that you were talking about about how your

impact can affect

the people around you in a knot versus a not insignificant

way, a very significant way. What does I've been?

like for you and what is that adjustment then, like I said I haven't adjusted to it. How old are you fifty five, so for fifty three years

you're, relatively anonymous, other outside of university yeah yeah. I had a little bit of a little bit of it

closure? I did some work with the public television station

You know I had my little flashes of

the appearance. Is that compared to this just crazy? What

done on the show mean millions

yeah. One million people have listened and watched each each sink, each individual episode, yeah there

about two million views each and then that's nothing compared to the Youtube Youtube is nothing compared to the audio yeah. So the audio is like five times

 

or something yeah. So that's yeah, it's completely crazy. I know I haven't adjusted to it. So

I mean. Have you adjusted to your status? I'm numb,

yeah. So what so? What so? What's it like, when you think about it, you wake up in the morning

you think. Ok, I'm I'm going

a billion downloads this you don't think that I think I'm going to talk to Jordan Peterson when I want to talk to you about that's how I handle it exactly the same thing for the last fifteen months. This is what I've got up in the morning. I've looked at the

twenty five things I have to do in a mad rush before seven hundred o'clock at night. I think

I'm going to go through them and I'm going to concentrate on them do the

job. I can then at seven o'clock,

and I'm going to have a rest, I'm going to take a look at what I have to do tomorrow,

and I'm going to do the same thing. That's what I've been doing and then,

when I stand back a little bit like when it's sort of dawns on me, you know, then it's disconcerting surreal. I can't figure it out. I can't understand it

 

but then I, but there's no sense dwelling on that, because

first of all, I don't know how to conceptualize. I don't know why it's happening. Exactly like I think what's happened is that

I said it. There was something I wouldn't do with regards to this legislation, and I meant I actually

I wasn't going to use those words under legal compulsion period, no matter what and actually meant that. So there was that, but then I think the more relevant

I've been studying these old stories, these archetypal stories for very long of time, and they have power.

They really have power and they manage.

Ask themselves everywhere. They manifest themselves in movies and books, and I mean he

reporters of mythological story and it made Roland Rich

the queen of England, you know these stories have power, and I was fortunate

enough to study a large number of people, large

 

number of scholars who knew what that power was Carl Jung in particular, and I could make it more accessible to people and so that's a big part of it, but what

overall significance of that is, but it just leaves me speech

plus I mean this Kathy Newman things. A good example

and I mean so many things have happened. I've got involved, I've been in this scandal of some sort.

Serious scandal of some sort, probably

every three weeks,

for a year and a half,

There are things that are just well the

James Damore thing is a good example of that. Like that's a big deal, you know that

that explosion that emerged row

him in the court case. That's coming out of it. It's a big deal and this thing with Lindsey Shepherd. That was the worst scandal that ever hit a canadian

university and then the result,

protests and

and then the words what happened with Channel four in the Uk- and it's like- I don't know what to make of it. I don't what

 

what I'm trying to do is

good conversation. When I come and talk to somebody like you, where we can have a good conversation, try not to say anything stupid,

That's really what I'm trying to do is to not say anything stupid

stupid yeah. Well and it's high stakes, poker yeah. You know for it's not quite so bad now, because

especially after what happened with Channel four and some journalists like people have been trying to take me out for quite a long time, and it's not. It isn't working.

So for your hours. You actually believe what you're saying it actually makes sense. Well,

that's the start. It's not a bad start, but it's rare in this world. This is uh, especially in these ideologically charged times this toxic tribalism that we keep bringing up. It's

when I also decided like a long time ago- and I I think this runs through twelve rules for life is well, I believe that people's decisions

 

tilt the world towards Heaven or hell? I

think there's no more accurate way of describing the consequences of each of your decisions than that you face potential. That's what you face, the that's, what you

facing the world is potential. It's not

material reality, its potential

and every decision. You make your decide

whether you want to make the world better or worse, and if you like, the ultimate,

where is Heaven and the ultimate worse is hell? We know how

make the world into hell we've done that multiple times

much of the 20th century was that it's like. I looked at all

and I thought ok, I would rather

is that the world didn't degenerate into Hell, and I understand

people want it to degenerate into Hell. They're angry they're angry because they suffer

they suffer unfairly and they suffer because people hurt them and so

I think this is a bad game. I'm not going to help make it better. I'm angry! I'm

to make it worse. Even that's what the Columbine kids did.

 

You know that's what all the mass shooters do. They say to hell with this. I hate it.

There is so far behind the game. They just want to flip the table ever get worse than that they and they want to obliterate the game, yes and- and they

want to do it with as much malice possible just to obtain revenge, and I understand that, but I did

right along time ago? That I would rather not play that game? I think it. I think that it's possible that we could make the world better

I really believe believe that too. So I think well, so I'm I'm trying to tell people look.

There's more to you than you think, there's more poten

sure, there's more than enough potential to go around, there's definite

suffering malevolence in the world. We could fix it. You haven't, got anything better.

That's a very big point that there's more potential to go around more did more than people understand that we're not going to run out of potential were not this idea. The famine thinking is one of the

reasons why people get upset other people success. They think somehow another this other person success, take something away from them.

 

That's. The other thing too, is that I've realized that people actually act like what they confront in the world is potential

funny, because whatever potential is it's not materially measurable, but if you tell someone you're not living up to you,

potential they go yeah. Well, I know that it's like well. What is that potential that you're not living up to

and then, when you say well, there's potential in front of you, you know that you can walk out on the street new cool right or left or straight ahead, like your face.

Facing this thing that isn't fully formed and you get to

decide how it's going to form and you can make it better and so MIKE

question is like the world's a rough place. There's no doubt about it. It's a harsh place, but my question is

What would happen if we start making it worse? How good could it be if we stop making it worse,

and I don't know if there's an upper limit to that like it might be, maybe

we could make it really really really good.

 

Nothing better to do than that. So I came. Heaven start at home, even

Tell the truth. Let's see what the hell happened. You know like it.

It is the case. Clearly on

facts of the matter.

In twenty years, it wouldn't have to be a single person in the world that was hungry,

If we could get rid of the five biggest diseases that currently plague the planet, we could straighten things up,

and God only knows what things could be like that or we could let the whole thing degenerate into hell,

so in each of us is making that decision with each decision. That's the other thing that I've understood.

Take a choice you want hell. If you pick want just remember.

You knew what you were doing when you picked, but nobody pick cell,

yeah just sort of let it slide yeah, but they do it because they blind themselves. You know, you know,

 

you do it say? Oh yeah? Well you know I let that slide, and then you don't think about it. It's like you could think about it. You could think about it. You could know.

But you don't let yourself now

is any of this. All all all the pressure in the scandal. Every three weeks is this.

Is it away on you? Is it? Is it difficult

How are you feeling

when I was feeling strange thing:

Yeah, it's like it's like

Multani Aslee, the worst possible thing in the best possible thing that could happen

well financially

right. Yes, it's!

Yes, as as in the old white, yes, I mean the thing that I've I shouldn't say this, but I'm going to because it's just so god damn funny. I can't help but say

I figured out how to monetize social justice warriors.

So this is what it is. I do it so funny it just can't believe it. The other way it just every time. I think that

It's just one of the surreal circumstances that characterize my life. It

 

like I'm, driving the social justice activists in Canada, mad because

get to speak and then more people support me on Patreon, like that's annoying, it's, like God, damn

capital steez, make more money off this ideological warfare's like ok, let's go protest, so they go protest me, then that goes up on Youtube and then my page

tacos way up, so it's like,

do and so one of the things that keep a jersey here, yet they keep accusing

we have

hauling in the loot- and I think well, look here's the situation guys. I give away

everything I do online for free. It's free.

And people are giving me money, they're, just sending it to me, I'm not twisting

Europe not even asking them for it. Well, I guess that's not exact

great cuz. I set up the patron account, but that's more complicated than it looks. A lot of that was curiosity and I thought well. I could increase the poor

 

quality of my online video slows also the potential of you being removed from the universe. Yes, well that and that was your life and so yeah and yeah people wanted that yeah. They haven't

pop winding that's in October, when the

Lindsay Shepherd scandal broke, and it would look so bad for the left wing. Ideologues like two hundred University of Toronto

community members signed a petition to get me fired again, and I was

I'm upset about that, and this is what my life is been like it. So my son

over that day and I said Jesus Julian, you know I'd like to hundred people at the faculty member at it. In at the University of Toronto petitioned the

faculty association and then they sent in a petition to the administration to get me fired. It was the faculty association, that's my union, they didn't even contact me and Julian said to worry about

yeah. It was only two hundred people and I thought that's what my life is like. It's like a day

over two hundred people signed a petition to get me fired as a professor, my

 

son can come in and say: well, that's not so bad! It's like it's only two hundred pets. How weird this scales yeah! That's right! It's! So it's so surreal because you could

say that online and look what

happening and then the support would be overwhelming, for who knows how many people? What do you mean ultrasounds of that yeah, absolutely well in the administration of the University of Toronto, like that they didn't

take it seriously at all the cold have me removed it didn't cause any didn't, even cause a ripple now who

these two hundred people and what was their motivation? Oh well there

to say what the motives were not very happy with the read the transcript or listen to those recordings yeah. How could they possibly be against you based on that all because they think that the people who who who conducted the inquisition were right? What I mean

Oh, yes, but it look. Look I mean I mean this formally like twenty members of Pimlott San Rambukkana's faculty. That was,

 

indications at Wilfrid, Laurier wrote a letter supporting them.

That's why it's not an isolated incident. It's like no! No! They thought that what they were doing was right. It's mass

the stereo, while there is an element of that. That's for sure and there's certainly again. I hate to bring this term up again, but this toxic tribalism thing this, like they're they're supporting their own, and they

we understand that their own ideologies have been completely connected to the same type of group. Think that's

going against Lindsay Shepherd in that meeting when they tried

paint her as a radical right winger and which he certainly isn't course, not neither you mean the whole thing is,

ridiculous you're, not all right you're, not a NEO nazi. You know. I've read a lot of crazy things about you and knowing you personally seeing this stuff and like this is this is a fast

anytime, you later, that's for sure, that's for sure yeah and it's been well. It's been crazily

what would I say, crazy, stressful, it's it's the best

 

describe, it is surreal like it's like I step,

outside myself! I can't I can't put this in a box. I don't know what to make.

I don't know what to make of the channel for interview. You know it's like what the hell. Really it's, it's it's crazy! Well, it's it's

These conversations are so limited by what you were saying before that they're trying to get this five minutes sound bite in and that's what television has become its

dying meat yeah, it doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense to sandwich these commercials in every fifteen minutes or whatever they do not have it.

Makes any sense. It's an archaic way of communicating ideas yeah. Well, I think that is part of it, too. Is that, like I happened to catch a technologic

wave. Well, like you did, you know, I mean there

Vision offers nothing over Youtube. Nothing!

 

You can do to welcome to my tv yeah, well exactly and there's no space requirements on Youtube, so you don't have to do this twist. The comp

this event into a short, sound bite and entertain everyone right, and it turns out to the

There's this huge audience online for actual content like.

Just genuine conversation 'cause, like one of the things, that's how

open between you and I when, when I've come down here, we've actually had

Conversation right we're trying to figure things out

we got our viewpoints and everything, but we're basically

road lightness and there's a chapter in twelve rules for life called assume that the person you're talking to Might

know, something you don't which is like the form

for a good conversation, it's like there's a

things I don't understand about the world. I mean that that's a big book things I don't understand about the world right, that's a very thick book.

I can come in here and talk to you about what's going on and hopefully we both emerge.

With better understanding, we're not the same people that we were when we walked in and that's a good thing, and then

 

We have those conversations online and people can participate in that

trying to do that. My lectures to like what I did, this biblical series

that was another thing that was so strange. Joe is like imagine I walk

into a like a

venture capitalist

station. I said look I want you guys to bankroll me, I'm going to do fifty

lectures on the old testament and I'm going to try to attract young men. I'm going to rent a theater like they

Just laugh me out of there. She can you imagine anything less saleable than that

did that went ahead with it. I rented to theater and then I walked through these stories, and I was learning a lot because, like I knew

first stories in Genesis up to the flood. I knew them pretty well, I kind of understood what they meant, but then all the

queries from Abraham onward, I had read them, but I hadn't done in deep.

Failed in depth analysis, and so I was learning a tremendous amount walking through those stories and they had a big had a big impact man, and so I'm going to do

 

this soon. 'cause. I want to do that, but it's just another

sample of how surreal things have become, but also the

the utility of a good conversation because like when I'm up on on

podium say lecturing I'm not exactly lecture. I'm trying to figure something

note and sharing that process with the audience which is so different than what is going on in universities. That is freaking everybody out.

What's going on. Is this indoctrination into this group thing yeah? It's like he

Here's! What's right, memorize it! It's like my

pictures are more like. Well, I don't know what's right, like here's some things I know and they seem to be working and here's how I use those tools to dig.

This story and here's what it might mean- and this is what I got from it, and and hear some universal truths about human beings that seem to be, and then I tried

explore that's like well. Should we believe this? Should we like that when Abraham in the abrahamic story?

sample mean Abrahamsson old Guy and he's basically lived in his mom's basement. That's that's! Really! The beginning of the story, he gets a call to advise

 

I'm sure you know God says, will get get, get away,

premier family in your kin. Get out there in the world is the call to adventure. Think ok,

I find that's a heroic motif, but their name

same goes out in the first thing. He encounters is like tyranny and starvation and then a bunch of guys want to steal his wife, so it's been in,

pertaining to take those stories apart and to see why their foundational 'cause, they are foundational and they're, not near ignorance,

whatever they are ignorant soup

petition is not the right category Howie.

Please change your classrooms

going back teaching since all of this hit 'cause.

When did you start teaching? Well

I guess that's not true, that's not true! I I taught from January to May of of two thousand and sixteen well the first way is it changed it

that I was like so so. Shell shocked when I went to to teach last January,

 

and I was really sick. Like I've been really sick, this year had

last January cheeses, it was just dismal. I wouldn't wish that were wish that on my worst enemy, I had three weeks where I didn't sleep, a wink. Try that that's really entertain.

One long day of misery: that's three weeks long, what kind of a an illness it looks like an autoimmune disorder? Do you think is because of stress you know, I, don't you, don't you don't act at all? Well, yeah! I think it. It probably made it worse, but no

something that I battle with for a long time and it's something that really

my wife and I have autoimmune illness and my daughter got what autoimmune ohms don't know exactly what it is. I don't

what it is in my daughter it manifest. Yes, that's what's fixed fixed it

all I eat is meat and no, no vegetables, no carbohydrates sit in. That's it

 

that seems to have fixed it yeah. This is so many well. I can tell if you hadn't, listened out of pocket sized yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Well, I've been following them because my daughter has a blog to call, don't eat that, and my daughter has

Tera, Tera, ballade immune disorder. It was awful. I detailed that out in chapter twelve, she had thirty eight affected joints

and she had her hip enter ankle, replaced when she was sixteen cheese, and so she walked around on two broken legs for a year and in

excruciating pain. She was an extreme,

my high doses of opiates, and so she was addicted to opiates, which she like she just

once she had her surgery. She just went off them cold turkey and like suffered through the withdrawal for two months compared to what she

been through. That was nothing like what she went

the menu it was dreadful, and that was just the surface

but that was only the beginning of a real nice. She had all sorts of other things that were worse than that, and so we've figured she was probably going

die by the time she was thirty 'cause. My cousin's daughter

 

had a similar autoimmune problem. She died when she was thirty, so is bloody dreadful, but she figured out

at one point that it was associated with diet and then she went on a radically restricted diet and she Christ. She she was on

antidepressants she's. Not she had take Ritalin to stay away

she could only stay awake about six hours a day and she had take high doses of Ritalin distilling, she

What is this autoimmune disease while she had her diagnosis was rheumatoid arthritis right, but she didn't have the blood

markers for it, but she had all the other symptoms anyway. She she figured out this room.

Strict diet. She only ate chicken and broccoli for about two months and almost all

symptoms went away and she's pretty much symptom free now and which is a complete miracle.

And she convinced me to try this diet a year and a half ago, and so

I lost seven pounds a month for seven months. That was the first thing, which was just

buddy amazing yeah, it was unbelievable, was until I couldn't believe it.

 

And what was your diet, rich and refined carbohydrates before that rich enough, yeah rich enough? You know,

pasta is in bread and things almost grabbed. In particular, I eat a lot of bread.

So. The first thing that happened was a quick snoring. That happened immediately took took one week and I was snoring quite badly that so that disappeared in a week, and that was amazing. I thought oh that's interesting in.

I had gastric reflux disorder that went away and then I lost seven pounds the first month. I thought home. That's a lot, seven pounds,

I had psoriasis that went away at floaters,

my right eye, which is also not immune problem that went away

I have had gum disease for thirty years that

in a way. That's amazing! I'm fifty five, like my gum disease went away. I figured it, although

out so my life in the last year. It was so sort strange it 'cause I get up in the morning and I think

 

all these bloody scandalous things are happening around me and I have to deal with that and then I think I need a break

but I can't eat anything. I cannot eat anything because if I ate the,

I think it would like knock me out for a month, so I was trying to

what the hell was wrong with my diet, and I was feeling

shit, and so it's like if I was like wolves at the back door and crocodiles at the front door, or something like that so, but but

whatever, like I'm down to the same way, I was when I was twenty five wow yeah no kidding and I've.

It looks enerji I wake up in the morning and I wake up that's now.

I happen to be my whole life. I've always had.

I have a shower like took me an hour to wake up my whole life. That's gone, I'm not hungry

I don't have hypoglycemia I've lost

energy

 

so I can't go out for dinner and then you can eat nonsense. You can eat I'm on the same diet, meat and greens. I don't have a disorder like you did in the same regard, but I take a day when I have a cheat day

I don't even do it every week. Well, have a cheeseburger or something like that, but for the most part that's the

is that I follow as well yeah well for some people. It seems like like well for a massive amount of people.

I think, for far more people than we know. I think the apple or carbohydrate poisoning themselves can't believe yes and along with all the other things that go along with it insulin, yeah. You know that calm,

blood, sugars, yeah, good cholesterol. In this. This idea that cholesterol and saturated fat of the problems of people who are experiencing it's not true, no, the real problem is sugar and cholesterol has been demonized in I'm sure you read the article New York Times or the sugar industry yeah paid off some.

 

Into star ally about the results. Yeah yeah! Well, I know too that to food scientists in the: U K resigned about three years ago. They were, they were part and parcel of the organization and it produced the food pyramid. They said it was the worst public health disaster, the

forty years, pretty much got it backwards. Yeah you look around, you know you drive through the US. It's really obvious in the US. Is people are overweight like mad, but now yeah, I can

z, it's crazy keyless go to Disney Disney when the exact it's insane. It is, but you know- and the reason is as far as I can tell

The reason is is that there are poisoning themselves with carbohydrates.

It looks like and the thought process is so out of wack. I

but we did an article today from Nina tie Schultz. She she tweeted it about this trend of eating. Only egg whites

now terrible. It is for you, it's a health disaster, and this idea that

cholesterol from the egg yolk is bad. For is one of the most important things you can eat.

It's weight, watchers is adjusted. Yeah see, goes wait. Watch,

 

there's diet program now adjust their approach there

protocol and they say that eat all the eggs you want. It is now a zero point, food which is fucking incredible,

the way I don't get hungry is I eat a lot of oil like a lot of olive oil? Yes, so that keeps

That's you know: you're, basically burning fat you're on a like a key to genic diet, yeah yeah, when it seems to be well and that that was conflict. That would been complicated enough to keep me occupied, for

past two years, specially sorting it out with my daughter because she well, that was quite the bloody nightmare. I can tell you it was really something, but I can't believe

I figured it out. It's amazing. It is amazing and like she's, really she's in pretty damn good shape. She just had a baby like five months ago, so that was awesome

Two yeah stun man were stunned because, like it was it

rough well. She sounds like an incredibly exchanges. Quite the tough cookie that girl sounds like it. Many people are.

Sing the same revelation that their diet is count.

 

I was tired all the time I doubt it hit, and I mean I was always very, very active, so I stayed lean because of my physical activity, but

by the end of the day. I need an

I would always take a nap before I go to Jujitsu. I was like I have to take a nap or I can't train

carbohydrates two hours a day, and now

not at all me too. Well, I think that's not exactly true when I've been zooming around. I take like two minute naps. When I'm in the airport or whatever, that's also you're, probably not getting enough sleep yeah right exactly if Antioch so yeah, it's been, it's been remarkable. So

why did you stop teaching? Oh well, I took a sabbatical because of uh

this yeah. Well, I told I told my department chair, said: look. I I had a sabbatical coming up next year. I said: look you know, there's too much going on it'll be better for

take the sabbatical this year, then I can concentrate on my teaching next year. So you take the entire year off yeah

 

about eight months in yeah, yeah yeah. What I always teach from, I put all my courses from January to March. I teach all them in the same semester and that lame enabled me to concentrate on my research and for the rest of the time and so technically I'll be going back teaching in January of two thousand and nineteen technically technically, not convinced. Well, I can't think

Year ahead. At the moment, I don't know what the hell's going like: I'm not going to go back and teach the same way because at some point the technique

Sql transformation means you have to approach things differently, and so now

if I do a lecture online, whatever the lecture happens to be, I can get a hundred and fifty thousand people to watch it. That's minimum, so the first question would be

Well, why would I teach three hundred people when I could teach one hundred and fifty thousand that's just stupid? Who would do that?

 

those same three hundred people are also have access to the home. Exactly that's right, that's exactly it and the next thing is well. I taped my maps, a meeting class of my personality class for three years running. It's like it's there. Well, I could do it again, but why Bryce taped, where I would

another lecture about new things. So that's what I did this year. I did this biblical series which I haven't done before, but now, if I'm going to lecture again, I'm going to lecture about different things because

is the technology has transformed the landscape, we're not in nineteen ninety anymore, not even a little bit right. So this is something that brought up the bread wine

and I'm hoping he falls along the same one that Weinstein not steam. I make that mistake. Often sorry, but but it is the same thing: brilliant guy,

restricted by his university, big scandal leaves- and I'm hope,

 

He follows the same path 'cause. He has so much to offer and he has so much to offer for anybody who can get online and one of the things that's really fun about Youtube and having

my lectures on Youtube is that the own?

only reason people watch them is. One reason is 'cause. They want to learn, that's it, and so you might think

well. Where is the university

where people want to learn right? It's like ok! Well, you

tube is the university, because there's hundreds of thousands of people on you

maybe millions who just want to learn like fine, I'm an educator

I'll talk to people who want to learn because, if you're an educator, that's what you do

most effectively done in the done in self. Evidently

and so now I'm trying to figure this out. You know like I like my job at the university. U of T is treated me well, apart from this scandal, thing

they were kind of taken aback by they didn't know what to do about that. You know it was a new law and when I made the

 

video criticizing bill C sixteen I said I think that making this video is,

probably illegal in and of itself was there

traversal eight moments in your career before that? No wow? No, I mean did surprise me because I've always, I would say that, but the content of my lectures has been a typical, but it's been a typical in a good way, like the student response to my lectures has always been extremely good.

Extremely good. I'm always surprised that I was able to teach what I'm teaching, because I always thought that it was

insanely revolutionary, but it was red

solutionary in a really like in

scholarly way. You know, like I'm, a careful scientist, I'm a careful thinker, I think things all the way through to the boss

and I'm really self critical like when I wrote maps of meaning, which was my first book I see

expect. I rewrote every sentence at least fifteen times it's

 

probably more than that, and I really literally mean rewrite it. So I take the sentence out of the paragraph. Put it in another document

right, like ten variants of the sentence and then pick the one that was best, and I did that I could took me fifteen years

right. I did that over and over and over, and so what I was write a sentence and then I think, okay.

Have I got all the words right? Every single word is that the proper words, the proper phrase is the proper sentence. Do I believe that this sentence is true,

then, I think like of ten ways I could attack it and see if I could break it apart and find out what was wrong and only kept the ones that I couldn't destroy and like I was going out full force to destroy them, because I wanted to come up with a you know. Come up. I wanted to produce a book that I could not break no matter what I did, and so I spent fifteen years on not now that was the basis.

 

Well it's the basis for twelve rules for life. It's been the basis for all the lectures, I've done and so forth and, like I can't see where it's wrong, and mostly what I was trying to do is to see where it was wrong and I can't get underneath that I can't break it,

That's what's so fascinating to me about all this stuff and not to not to

overly exaggerate the significance of this, but just to be completely honest about it, you're, the right guy

for the job and it's sort of found you it's real,

weird 'cause, there's not a lot of people that are that meticulous about their thoughts and about there

work in about their writing about there,

criticizing their own ideas to the point when they break them down. Try to break them. Try a part. I had a big problem, so when I, when I start

integrate maps of meaning, I thought ok, what's the situation. This is the cold war, we've divided into two armed tribal camps and we've decided,

 

that settling the difference between us is worth risking being itself. We could. We could drive everything

into extinction were willing to take that chance. It's like what the hell is going on.

What was truly driving the tribalism of the cold war, including its including the generation of that fast nuclear arsenal cuz. It just seemed to me to be insanity taken to the final pinnacle. So I wanted to know that and I wanted to know okay,

having figured out why that's happening, what could be done about it, so it would stop and at the same time I was also studying what happened in aushwitz with the Nazis

All of that, and so it was a very serious problem and I actually wanted to have that. I actually wanted to answer.

I didn't want to write an interesting book about it.

It wasn't even that I wanted to write a book exactly. It was just at writing. A book was the best way to figure out the problem, because it's

 

It's really writing a book is so rigorous. You know, 'cause, you think

you can only remember so much. You have to write it down.

But then you can remember way more and you can write and then the next day you can go back and think. Ok, I'm going to take that God. Damn argument apart, going to see if there's

anything about it this week and so, and I think I did figure it out. I think I did figure it out so and then, when I when I well, then I started lecturing about it. Lectures were always unbelievably well regarded like people. The kids in the classes would always right for the evaluations at the end of your eighty percent of them would say this happened for twenty years to say this class changed everything about the

way. I look at the world, it's like yeah! That's what happened to me too, and I wrote that book. It's like, I didn't think the same way at all. When I was done, I started

understand what these ancient stories meant was. Like shocking, never recovered from it, listen you're at a time. Thank you

twelve rules for life, an antidote to chaos,

 

Jordan Peterson, I made uh

made a discount for your viewers again for the future authoring program? Ok, so what do they have to do? Rogan just use

Rogan and how do they get to the website without fourth ring dot com, okay, yeah, yeah and I'll? Send you a link for

thanks a latte and also thanks for everything,

weird world that I'm in and people say that all the time they come up and say. Look I heard about you on Joe Rogan's, like like thousands of

told me that so well, it's been careful to spin an honor. I appreciate it. Thank you. You bet.

Thanks everybody, thanks June into the podcast, and thanks to butcher box

I'll go to butcher box, dot com order now and you get ten bucks off, plus free bacon by using the code, a Rogan, that's butcher, box, dot com

use the code. Word Rogan, ten bucks off and free bacon, and you can

 

so anytime without penalty, so give it a try and thank you also to Squaw,

cast the simplest way to pay people back, download the free square cash app for Ios

or android now, and

can you download the app enter the reward code? Rogan excuse me

through the reward code, Joe Rogan, all one word, Joe Rogan, and you will receive five doll,

using the cash app, will send five dollars to Justin Brands, fight for the forgotten charity so once again download the free ski

their cash app for Ios or Android and enter the code word Joe Rogan. All one word to receive five dollars. An additional five dollars goes to the

fight for the forgotten, a real win win. Ladies and gentlemen, you get five dollars and five dollars

those two an amazing cars. Alright, all right, that's it for now. Thank

so much appreciate you all appreciate you folks, tuning in and will see you soon. Bye.

Ladies and gentlemen.

Today's Christmas Eve,

he has requested a special Christmas Eve podcast. So here we go because I

I never say no to Joey in this episode

brought to you by the cash app. If you haven't

the cash app it is very flexible and interesting finance app and a lot of people agree. It's the number one app in finance.

Vin number one of the app store to it. It's a it's, a

app that allows you to directly deposit your paycheck right into the uh, and then you use it as a debit card, but it's uh

card that comes with something called boosts and

and you don't have to obviously don't have to direct deposit your paycheck right into the app you can just put money in it. Do you do it and use that as a debit card and this debit card, the

cash card comes with something called boosts and boosts.

Going to get this anywhere else. 'cause cassia invented it. You select a boo

In your cash app, then you swipe your cash card and you can.

Fifteen percent or more at whole foods, shake Shack, chipotle bunch of places and at all coffee shops

 

Around the country, so the coffee shop, to

it's a dollar off coffee, so if you buy five hundred

the coffee. A year, you save five hundred dollars, it's very simple

It's a it's an awesome. It's just an awesome feature and this company

that is responsible for the cap, the cash out there they're not just agree.

A company in terms of its a really functional, app and a great thing to have this debit card, but also they

do really cool ship with their money. Like here's one, when you

download the cash app and enter the referral code. Joe Rogan, all one word five

is going to go to Justin Wren's fight for the forgotten charity, every single time, someone signs up for it and they use that they send five dollars an through this they've built.

Two wells for the pygmies in the Congo and they raised thousands of dollars and

Building more wells as we speak, it's it's a wonderful little deal that they

of their setup. Also, the cash

for now, at least until the end of the year, when you sign up and use Joe Rogan they're going to send five dollars to Hell,

 

pay for UFC Fighter Ray Borg, Son's medical bills. I don't know

story behind that, but I know that his son has very high medical bills and the cash app is stepped

to help him out so wonderful thing. I mean there is a great community, app it's a great company and then also

would that using that code, where Joe Rogan you're also going to get five dollars, so they just

spreading love around and it's a it's a great app. It's easy, it's very flexible and it's a cool one to check out and you can just check it out now for free. It's available

The app store or the Google play market go, download it and make sure use that reward code, Joe Rogan, to get all that good chip. Ok, we're also brought to you by butcher boy

butcher box will send you delivered right to your door on dry ice. One hundred percent grass FED and finished beef which is in

my opinion. The best tasting the hell

just animal? It's you know what

models, are supposed to be eating there supposed to be eating grass. They also

 

free range, organic chicken heritage breed pork, which is old world pork, and

they'll send this to you directly to your door with free shipping anywhere in the lower forty eight. That means not Alaska, not Hawaii, there's a huge

difference between animals that were raised in a pasture eating. What they're supposed to eat being healthy,

and animals that are fed

in concentrated animal feed, lot operations and outside of butcher boxes type of high quality meat is hard to find and for people who live in food,

it's nearly impossible and for those

I live in big cities, you,

to deal with really expensive supermarkets. Well, the price

is an variety at butcher. Box are hard to beat

and announcing now a brand new protein. Now they have wild allow.

Skin sockeye salmon is a new thing that they're carrying at put box. They saw,

their pure wild sustainably harvested salmon from Bristol Bay Alaska, and you can tell by the color that the salmon is always-

fresh and never factory farmed, and

 

in the same way hunters heavily

back ecosystems to help wild game thrive. That's what they've done!

sustainability, an explosive growth of the salmon and it's very remarkable, the

catch happens in six weeks over the summer. After all, the.

Eating bad, been maxed out, and it's pretty epic, so

December twenty six new subscribers received.

Two pounds of free. Why

caught alaskan salmon plus twenty dollars off in the first box by going to butcherbox dot com and enter the

Code, Rogan at checkout

I guess today is one of my favorite people of all time of very good friend of mine family. I love them to death, give it up for the great

Joey Diaz, the Joe Rogan experience. It's you

 

going to be ho hum fuck you uncle Joe,

with Joe Rogan have fought live Christmas Eve talking,

bugs in your house, and how easy it is for the feds. They don't need

bug your house anymore. They just use your phone, they just turn them. Jamie. Tell him what you were telling me about that air pods! Oh yeah, there's there's a new setting!

the underlying operating system, where your airpods, you turn on this thing, called live, listen and it's it's listening to the microphone on your Iphone,

So you can leave your phone in a room walk out and you can use this major own bug, but that means that anybody that can then access your phone could probably also

and if they have access to that I'll know how Steve already he said like if we talked to anybody that knows what's possible with electronics. That can already turn your microphone on anytime. They want.

Bro. When I was a kid. I grew up in that book, making shit and never certain bookmakers that wouldn't talk in a room that there was a phone in the room, smart ones in the 70s. There not talk. Now

 

on the phone, but if there was a phone in the room, they would leave the room now

and I assume that he's going to super paranoid. They were third,

is a hell of a time when you member how they got Vincent Chan, they sort of bug and cars along the way where he would walk. He would walk with his bass for

lucky was crazy.

To give everybody instructions, and he would do it

his walk, so he couldn't get bugged anywhere, so they started bugging the cars along his walk route, that's how they got up and they get you at the mic yeah. Do it the public,

a lot of the same microphone they use in the NFL. When you hear all those tackles and grunts,

in the old days they had. I don't know what the parabolic mikes takes: vibrations from glass, yeah, so

You just point this laser at your glass with speakers on and take

whatever you're, saying in a room and bounce it off the glass I've heard,

There's a reclusive in the so by now it's world class. They could do there listening to everything everything.

 

Anything and everything I want to bathroom on a plane. You have to assume there watching it like

to go in and do blaster coke. I would always pull my pants down, go to the hope

this is like I wish it and I wasn't really shiting. I just always thought there was a camera that well you probably correct.

I've heard things that are just hard about Vegas

in the 80s,

had cameras in rooms. Well, Vegas in the 80s was all mob. Vegas in the bathrooms have cameras. So as soon as you do a blast, you come out within ten Min

the cops around here? When did they? When did the mob like officially get?

like with the mob, is still in Vegas, just in short spurts. It's crazy!

I was in New York last week

 

and I realized how much construction was going on, and I thought to myself how much of that is the mob still getting they had attacks for years, two percent. So if it's a three hundred million dollar job, do the math on that. You make it big chunk of that.

You can trump didn't get rich because the construction business is huge. You go,

New York me zero. I can't give you

do it. Numbers girl, no numbers are but look what the averages for a square foot of concrete in New York and look at the averages in Iowa I was reading.

Something about the the square foot of car to build a building in New York, saying the concrete is

going insane so many hands again greased. You know you do

pay a job. Ok, so so you don't pay

that one episode of the sopranos. So what I do is break

She would see you don't want to pay me my money

 

That's fine. I said somebody from the union down there, and this

going to be doing this come on through I gotta! Stop you gotta! Take you

Okay, I would call the used to see if you paid up what it does. We check your tire pressure. We can help.

So, let's count the windows on the truck. Pretty soon you

thirty truck backed up and you're, not making any money. That's how they check

that's the shakedown, all you paid me, okay to trucks. Go through, don't worry, I want what them we don't care who the driver is.

We don't care if he's union or union. It's such a dirty business at that level. That's the shake that

trump would be the gc on the job. You pay your job,

orange, move you don't pay, so two

went to the mom that concrete tax

And we got another two percent right off the top to bid rid MID rig, Bedrick bed rigging, where we

we give it to Joe Rogan, no matter what the prices we inflate the price,

 

Even though Jamie comes in three million dollars cheaper,

I'm going to give Joe Rogan that three and two more Joe Rogan's going to kick that to to me.

And we're going to do the job at that three million dollar profit, plus I'm going to take two percent of the top of that three million dollar profit. You what I notice when I was a kid when I was working construction, one of the first things I notice it's one of the weird businesses. That's right

almost exclusively by men like manly men like to

trucks guys were burly dues with big hands the

retard and they were like. These are like

rough guys, but they were running a big business. It's like.

All these other businesses, if you think about businesses, you think about like computers, you don't think about

like rugged.

Burly guys but compute,

 

dersane construction or just as common like everybody needs a computer. Everybody needs a house like constructions everywhere, it's a gigantic business and it's run

at least in back in Boston. When I was working as a laborer, it was

wanted, by these big savages, do fuckit big, dangerous guys. Who's got more diverse. Now, because the unions have made you hire more women when I,

no attrition like

three months in there was a female supervisor who knew her shed a dad. You know crime was all attrition when she was a kid that was Unfucking day. Job and men had a tough time working for her. I could

through there. She was easy. She would leave me the fuck alone. Sometimes men can't they just have really hard time with a woman till they would have helped me out of it. I wouldn't mind that at all I don't give a fuck I like that. If someone's great

Their jobs are graded, as Robin John just got a it. Will what yeah weird thing that a lot of guys have right? You know

 

for building off every female trainer. Yeah yeah

People don't go for that was get a female trainer Yoel Romero, one of the best

all the cars of all time. Was she trained him? I don't know man to fit strength and conditioning. She was strengthening conditioning training him in this video is watching

busting. His ass

we'll even like super super savage make sure I'm right about that. Make sure might about

cuz, it's not your well. It's someone. Equally, savage someone is just fucking

super alpha we know is a super alpha, let go well. We had him in the podcast. I was looking at him sitting there I was like this guy is built. It's not even a real person with twelve hours should get over him. I remember that night. We both had spots at the store

I pulled you aside and I go. What do you really think? But what do you really think I mean? Is this guys shoot the ball?

or is this something that should, I think, it's genetics? I just had a super freak genetic well when we went to eat at well, I went to the

 

Europe last week. I purpose

we went to La Sorrentina. It's a restaurant North Bergen run by this new name, Jocko Jesus Christ and spaghetti with the tiny meatballs. I couldn't even finish it, but one of his

was a wrestler, listen to the podcast,

and he was saying how he wasn't that good. He was on the bottom floor, he ate the

oh and he, but he goes yeah. I know you're welcome back. They had just last week think about the uh.

Super athletes that have come out of Cuba that have gotten into mma and boxing. Ok, Hector Lombard, Dude,

my lot of people. They might look at Hector Lombard because of some of his tough fights that he had in the UFC later in his career. But you go by

come watch Hector, Lombard Wing was or any and those were

probably is prime years he was the

been a belter. I mean Fuckin', smashing people smashing people at one hundred,

five pounds, and then he

 

over to the UFC,

five, but there's a big gas one hundred and eighty five in the UFC man Mean Hector is what do you think he's fifty nine really, no reason

after now, I see loosening, I think, he's either my Haidar, I'm five eight he's either my height or he's an inch taller

but he's just so jacked

when he was smashing people like early in his career man. I always wanted to get him in the UFC. I was like this guy.

Need to come over, he's he's so athletic man. He would

and he's a judo player means looking at footage. Act. Actor is he's. You know.

Who did a judo player for Cuba, but

I'm telling you man did you get take all the steroids in the world. You're not going to

like this guy moves

Josh Lumbar Judge Barnett rather told me that Hector Lombard when you went to the gym could just to muscle up, after muscle up, never even trained it before hello, it's

Jamie and say it's working hard. Do a muscle up here,

 

grab that bar he's a super athlete.

He just had a lot of really really rough fights against the best fighters in the world, and I

I think that some of his best fights you could say like

he was tested more, and I think he certainly was tested more here.

Do you have saved and it wasn't ballot or certainly the caliber of competition is far greater, but I also think you know

I just have like a window of opportunity for the most part for most of them, there's exceptions.

Well, can extend that window the window. The experts seem to think the windows around nine years,

This is not a number that I invented, but it's a number that I agree with in terms of like the best you have, you might be able to do it for nine years, like a door with a low

Jody of an NFL running back history and one slash two years which blew my mind. That's crazy! That blew my mind that I started thinking about it

 

I think about all the great I thought about her camel Jim Brown. He thought about those guys. I thought about their injuries. How luck

You have to be.

Okay! Now the UFC is a fighter. How many people actually did fight in the UFC for nine years straight so far? Our

there's been quite a few lot, but at the same time, there's been a lot

the guys that have had great potential and by the fourth or fifth fight they've moved on. Well, you know

It's everybody's different. This is this is the thing everybody's different terms: their ability to Cooper, eight everybody's different terms, their style, like some guys.

Just don't take much damage. You know some,

like Ben Askren, perfect example, never fought in the UFC, but when you,

to fight in the these other organizations thing that's most interesting. Is that it doesn't take any damage you could say is born

If you want to, I don't think it's boring, I think it's

super high level wrestling '

 

and you need to see how that shit would fly against the best in the world. I that's why he's here now very excited about this, but he's a perfect example

he doesn't have any problems that guy's been

and for a long time you talk to him he's his lucid as they come. He's articulate very

smart very well, educated, reads, books. All the time. He'll send me a recommendations for books

very, very interesting guy, so you got those guys who

He could do it for a long fucking time because he's not taking a beating when you start

the beating man. You know some kind, sometimes guys try to get back in there too soon and they're still hurting. You know from from a four

like a really bad knockout, or

which sometimes even just getting beaten up is. Were you like? Even if you don't get stopped like you, incur more damage that way you know

in a long as fight than you would in a quick ko. You know I come in.

Three. You know Joseph Bartolini during no attack. Yes, this Joe, he was the champion

 

who won the title gets marked among after the fight couldn't fight again

concussions, were so bad. He could

look at the light from an Iphone charger

a laptop charger that little light from that thing would be blinding to him. He had to be like in a dark room for three weeks

Cbd oil brought him out of it. When I think of fighters and what happens during a fight, I go back all the way to Bernard Hopkins against Felix Trinidad, because you brought it up to my attention. I never even know

not that world? He never came back to Seattle, soon, who's, the guy that went the distance. That's now in Bellator fights out of GSP's camp. Really tough guy went five rounds with Fuckin'.

What's his name, Rory Macdonald Rory, yes, Rory after that fight that he had he

never really! The same! Tie the Robbie, Lawler, OB, Robbie, Lawler, fight fights.

 

Back to you in different ways. The beating you take affect you

different ways. I want to see what the kid that, at some

Bosa fights with next time how he comes out. He took a ferocious beat against at at at seven yeah that last fight before our.

The and Kevin Lee C, but Rory. I gotta disagree because after that fight he looks phenomenal in Bella. Tore is first, who is this first fighting, but not built to was appalled daily. He d for

but but then the next fight, heatedly Maza, based on their family, mostly made him Mister Monster Man Douglas Lima's, a fucking straight up killer. You don't in comedy sometimes was Paul Daley yeah yeah, so he manhandled Paul Daley, writes very smart fight because he fought really well on his feet. First threatened daily little bit on his feet and took him down dominated him on the ground.

And it was. It was a very impressive win, but then he

the fighting was sassy. I think

 

was probably not the, but you know you never know you got it

test yourself, there's only one way to do that and he

is better than anybody in the guys in it to test himself. Now he knows that,

Can't beat massage at least at this point is life?

yeah but he's a smart kid, then he's an animal to mean that guys. So I would say that I just thought that a lot of times

the battles people don't come back.

I agree on some of them, but I don't know if I don't agree with him: the guy from Texas that took GSP to Fuckin', Zoo

And for the journey yeah yeah, he never

came by. You know some people give it all. You got yep that give it all. You got a moment, it's how to react after that. What's going to happen,

How is Kevin Lee going to come back yeah? I get tired,

you always have those questions which is a great fight by the way amazing of the fight. I was most excited about this weekend with Michael Chiesa, Socolow's conduit

 

right, but if a wood, Carlos Conduit, you know, college town have been around for a long fucking time. This name is Condit, but he can't he knows, I'm his brother and I'm one of his biggest fans and if I was in the mafia, I'd hire him from the UFC along time ago. 'cause he's an assassin he's like he really is John, which gives him he just give him a gun with a silencer and a pencil, and let him do the rest go down there. You could switch his mind quick with six hundred thousand a week. I want to say that his UFC was debut against Brock. Larson was as debut was. It was added in the WEC. I feel like those in the WEC. I feel like his debut was against uhm schitt.

It was it Jake. Martin

When was his debut. That's why they're in in Nashville, therefore of natural?

 

Let's take Kellenberger. Two writing Kellenberger was all that was Jake, Ellenberger's first fight in the UFC yeah

to Jake. Ellenberger was another one match super fucking dangerous for a long time, man he received

we finally have somebody knocked out pay with one punch beat in my office about three weeks ago. He came into my office and I

This is because I heard you I touching Gallup does come up. I gave the bonding of the ship that was thirty one so that he could then what it was like he's past the pool bass,

He did know how to drive home yet, but will be home,

God I was not around rocka- was not around a little broke their system for a week. If you think Brock Lesnar system disappeared in the fucking system, whatever

oh, my god would Jake Ellenberger. We took him deep. I haven't seen it, but I've heard he told me he goes no smoking inside then do a little bug it

 

and I asked him a question after he was just frustrated. I love him to death, he's coming back on to redeem himself and said: he's never smoking,

Yeah of his battle yeah, you can't that's too much

Most that's a three foot bond will not only that showing for most people that don't do.

Cast all the time getting on your podcast is a mind. Fog

well. I can't believe I'm here soon here will be Joey holy and then bone that thirty, how many percent thirty

that's so high.

This is alien og. This is in in just as a for people that don't know the numbers.

Let's find out what the numbers actually are like what was first, what percentage

Hc was marijuana in the 1970s. I want to say it was like eight to ten proud.

And then we can just guessing so funny how ok

as I grew up, and I grew up in New York in New Jersey, so I would go to Harlem.

 

What we have available to us was Panama, red

colombian gold. I could be versa. Verse I could be wrong on the names and then

from Jamaica, you had this weed called lambs bread and then all the sudden in the 80s green. We came along

and he called it since Amelia, so

look up with 148Th Street, then he would even saw your chocolate Thai, which is lambs bread, or

I would say you censor me yet well. He would put him

together and call it the master mix and then, if you bought ten bags of master makes you got one for free gave you a punch card. This is why

give real punch card. Eight thousand two hundred and eighty three

in the middle of the corner hanging out in the funny thing was. I went back in eighty five and he looked me straight in the face and his light made no more

Wagner, weed on this block. No more dog crap like

I just converted to crack, but

 

why watching? I told you that watching that Narcos Mexico, those first two app

so this is so important, because if it's a,

Sometimes, when you watch the tv show, it's really hard to believe that one day, some spanish guy that couldn't even speak, English said hey. I know, there's not three cameras here. His name is

and loose does the arm, as does the army has invented the big three camera shoot? You know that that's a larry that does he live.

Production to all that shift, in fact, that he's the one that said was it took eight white people sitting around get

more cameras. Let's go on the like the guy that did the

principal guy narcos this year as a character who

grew weed in the desert. I want if

not that have never been even thought of before, but by doing that,

I don't know the science or please Joe Rogan people, don't torture me. He illuminated them

male plant to make the female

 

strong and the only way you could grow that isn't the desert, so he found water in the desert. Why is it the only way you can go and grow in the desert, something about the climate to roof so that it's like the

Acula conception. Well, you get pregnant without gay

pregnancy, you eliminate the male plants or something I do not know this. The hardest simulator watching and

right. We have to hide this information from women, so there's no seeds and the reefer

get stronger. That's true:

I love the 80s. That's why? If you watch Narcos Mexico, it shows you how that whole thing started and they were pump in fifteen metric tons a year into the

it states addition, so green weed became the mexican green Weed. Was we started smoke?

I gotta say that average was maybe

fifteen, then like the strongest and then

There's weeds down that I, the twenty one percent that they take me to the mountain, but that twenty

 

on above and Abang, you don't yeah

you're stuttering, your mom, when you're can't focus. I like that feeling at night

when I listen to music, I would

music or not. I called you like. There was like October third, and I was on the

to tell you that I love to participate in so bark, but because of my

love for music. It's not going to happen! 'cause! My thing

is to go home at night and sometimes I go to the office. Like I told you, my house is dead at twenty nine. The kid goes to better fucken, eight hundred and and my wife and bedtime ten minutes

some nights I don't have a spot on a podcast. I just go to my office. I bring a notebook on Ipad, might get stoned

I put it all the Hubble mine. I go down. I'm road and I just get Fuckd up and listen to that music.

I love each other. Ok, that's my hobby and

so we can go to the album store in by the wild to vinyl album. Lately, I

 

that led Zeppelin, two road, that's

the greatest dirtiest

Philotheus albums and opens up with a whole lot of love. It's just there

he little Lamb song and then the it's just dirty,

damn I could have been listening to fuckin' physical graffiti.

I love going into those foxholes late at night, stoned to the gills yeah, there's something about that music. They were the first

drug culture, music in America right if you think about it,

like Zeppelin, and

flo showed up to Cleo's. They went right, India, they grew long. They came back with those four albums,

Then there was rumors of acid

if you listen to the you know, one revised

revolve one of those.

 

John Legend spreads acid bright line. Then that was it I mean there's so there's a lot of musicians from that are that are great, that aren't associated with drugs. But if you think of hand

six. If you think of I mean

It is always associated with drugs right, Janis, Joplin, always associated with drugs, either good or bad.

It's very interesting. It's very interesting. The sound is so it lasts,

like it's so relevant. If you listen to some Zeppelin today,

still so god damn good. They were so good.

You're, so good sermon, Zeppelin two called bring it on home. At the end, he comes out like with uh huh

on the slow been Jimmy page kicks.

The guitar Youngblood stocks. Yeah. I hear it's the house at like

Do I jump out a window way leads?

 

play there's a couple hours. I got a better office, so I put on the such a part of my childhood, like I think about my mom, coming on the roof and yelling

lower that Fucka Devil music, because I'm saying wait by some music app on it and I would blast it at fucking six in the morning

neighbors next door with Jehovah witnesses and he would not

I know you have to please lower your music. I never loaded loaded at that age

at officially stereo.

Okay and I really do not to get components

like I was already hip like- I never bought the album with the eight track and the cassette fucku. I bought an amp and I bought her cassette deck and I had a turntable, an eye

fucking blast. I don't know where I got the speakers from my bottom. That fell off a truck. I love music loud

I'm my storm every time till this day

 

every time led. Zeppelin's final album comes out, I'm in through the

bookings on the radio or something I think, my my,

the bag on the door freshman year going. If

knock on one more time. I've drawn that stereo at the window.

Like seven in the morning, had a full falcon speed, roll enjoying getting ready to walk up the hill smoking a joint I wouldn't smoke at the house, not like that. She had no idea we playing album, albums or would have record player yeah,

I still do. He told the have a good needle memory would go over to the houses. Is that a special needle

which could needle I just went, got new needles out of order online. Do you, member that, though he a guy, like I'm fucking,

will look in needle

I haven't had a real to reel Jimmy. Do this. I had a record player my house for sure

wow. You had a real to reel a friend of mine.

 

The real real high school- oh my god, at the sound,

what the speakers and everything is the sound you. Could he like that

the musician pulling away from the microphone so sound was that

so when he's playing this realtor, if he's got like a like, a projector screen type deal done, he was a sound through the room like this and he had a shelf and on the shelf. He had speakers and he had a real real

I think senior. I would have two or three hours of music on it

so whenever he will have a party would just put on the real real at that time. That was the threat that is

going to really really like that. So that would be looking at projector right. It's going to reel to reel. That's the new threat,

that never made it and then, when

It went from albums beliefs,

sets to fuck '

 

cds? So if you put something through that, you would have to kind of like do it like you're working working in room, projection room, you take the

going from one of 'em and it works almost. It is just really large cassette tape player. I just forget how he put the music on there. I forget how he put the music on that.

To buy music on it. I think so. It that's record button on this too. It looks like so. You could have recorded something on there if you had a cable to plug it into it. Yet

I forget: how would they make copies the same way? You put your

regional would be like on the left. The feed did you need a copier. You could do with this machine, probably, but back the same way, people did was

vcr copies back in the early eighties and tape to tape? Is it the same thing how it would degrade

each generation memory you get porns from your friend, and it was like, like someone through mud in your eye, or he tried to watch it. The fuck is happening on the screen because it was so many generations of copied. Do you, member when porn was watch like this

 

I don't remember, but I heard about it- and I remember that movie about the dude from Hogan's heroes.

That was a he he

Hogan's heroes in after Hogan's heroes he

went around making his own homemade porn.

You know you had one of these kind of things on the home, projector type deals porn came porn, nose,

days if you went to the back of a dirty magazine, not Playboy and not penthouse, but anything else,

They would actually send you a projector with three movies for sale, one thousand four hundred and ninety

ok. It was a low in projected probably going to work ten times, but we

so you have to watch porn

they send you a realtor real

was so bad porn

so bad.

 

And I still remember store with me and my friends chipping in and getting the the fuking reel to reel.

With their thing and plugging it in the wall and putting sheets on the windows, and it was just horrible horrible born white chicks. They were flying off the street.

It's flapjack titties. Somebody turned cigarettes off on the chest and this check was

f on drugs sharing, sucked the guy's Dick and the most varied

picture of members when she took the mayonnaise with the bread wife that she was sucking this guys, dick the guys Dick had been beat up.

And he took mayonnaise miracle whip,

That's why I never like miracle whip. She put it on the bread and made a dicks

Just finished his dick and it was,

Take me three other twelve year olds dog, we almost had a heart attack,

 

You understand me, like our heads, blew up. I turn it off turn it off turn it off turn. It off turn it on. Who wants this fucking project

oh, no, no! No! No! No! No! No! No! It was a cheap, cheap, cheap little projector

You had to put a sheet up on the wall

and use it as a screen. Yet

Fuckin' shade up all your windows in the attic 'cause I used to do it in my attic, as my mother was in home, so

The first viewing party we had was in my attic,

you have to send the money order and you

to the dollar. Might ninety five for shipping and handling sh, and then

Take six weeks to delivery, so you would just sit. You can send it to your house, so I would have

set the Rogen's house because I knew his mother and his grandmother worked all day so that

that would be home, so they would just drop the package off in front of the house.

One of our mothers found that package we'd be dead.

 

Pre funking dead. Can you man, you mother, put in another sense and check, make miracle whip on a piece of bread and eats into

sucking your dick. What don't you think mom's today, probably wouldn't even flinch? What if

if they found their kid with something like that on his computer at me, every mom at it

talk to any model of fifteen year old and gold

you sons get laid like stop it. I don't want to you through the whole mom wants to hear the song get laid. The first girl you brought over the house at

really bothered your mother. Oh I'm sure the first

two girls, you brought home, actually bothered and irritate

the shit out of your mother?

your momma, while because you're always going to be that little boy, I can't

Asian get getting his dick sucked. He just I just put diaper

only ten years ago. You know what else they worry about. They worry about you getting somebody pregnant,

'cause, you so stupid. When you're fifteen

 

one thousand six hundred and seventeen, you guys are just doing stupid shit. You know you don't really know how to pull out that good. How good are you at that? It's not

very good. You know when you were that young I mean it's. Your parents are worried about you doing something dumb you

it's worried about you getting pregnant, but they also don't want you having sex. I had this skinny girlfriend, like I always had ugly girls that were friends and Anthony, grows and leave. My mom would pull me aside and said. What's going on, I know nothing. You know she

just a friend and I will stay my love. I can't believe it. You know they were friends, but there was one skinny girl, but I used to bring over the seventh grade, and my mother call us when afternoon, like she called

make an app. So she asked me as a man. She goes from now on. Do me a fucking favor,

issues here and I'm downstairs just leave the door open. My mom was one of those caught. She was one of those.

Do me a favor,

 

from middle reasons when I leave locked the door, but if I

It just leave the door open

and I would leave it open the foot and then tried it, eight inches six inches and she would have to come up and say: oh somebody on my diet, leave the fucking door,

open and then you you're an animal at that age,

at that age, you probably talking with me, because all I was doing was dryhumping this girl. That's all

It was done we weren't having sex. I think I sent that it's one thing. You know we weren't having sex with just making out dryhumping,

but one day I my mom had to Barstow and she would just fucking come home in the afternoon to see if I was at this broad

and one that in here and she brought her friends up for Maine when our friends were and I'm in there just swapping spit with the chip. I hear something on the wall like something's, going on when I kept

 

dry hump and we had earth wind and fire can't hide love great fuckin', I'm off that's the way in the world. I'm dry hump in this check that that

also there here a ladder, slip and again

I states you know they were in

downstairs. There was one of my mother's friends are not know he used to be a bookie at my mother's bar

So my mother got so how to get to the bottom of this. I don't know what this kids getting laid, so he volunteers to put the ladder at the side of the house.

To see if I'm getting laid to look in the window. Thank God I had an air conditioner with a curtain. He could never see it anyway, but this girl Pist off my mom for years. This went on for about,

and then I started taking his shirt off and sucking her tits and my dad came home when they quarter to the closet.

And that was the end either.

 

My mom would give me shit for a little while I gotta be one thousand two hundred and thirteen am in the six grade mean

This girl would watch the Osmonds on Friday and Saturday Donny and Marie, and I would get Pist off 'cause. She had a crush on fuqing Donnie. You know, you know you're a kid and then one day,

and we figured out fuc if they don't

like this after three, when we play hooky from twelve to three, we could try on for three hours and nobody will know your grandmother works. My mother's. Definitely not coming home, so we used to play hooky

Then one day they caught us and her, and I had like there was twenty feet between us on offense: their parents had a house right behind mine and my mom went into the backyard like the falcons spanish woman that she

 

is is study, LU, daughters, all phone over here every day. I don't know what they do in that room. I hope she's not sought to this day. All right, my daughter, was just to route. My son was a regular little more into your daughter took over and then there

I still walk home and I'm a walking the house in the mountains. I can I talk to you for second year. Mom

Yelling horrible things about my daughter, calling orange while wow

I would tell my momma: what's up with that she's a fucking horror for the job, my mom could add, wet woman drove, and I thought I got a girlfriend, no more problems after that

which is the skinny chick that drove my mother fucking crazy. They they made you,

I mean imagine, if you have a little boy and you take him to the park,

 

he's a cute little felony runs and he stumbles and falls down and cries, and you pick him up and he hugs you

You love him like it's. Okay,

scrape your needs, ok knees, crying and crying. You feel so bad. You feel so bad and you get him a band.

Nikki Mckisson

talk to him and hang out with them and then he goes to sleep and you sit there and you look at him sleep and you think about how precious he is. This little life form that year, your interest,

do with you to take care of.

Fifteen years later, someone sucking his dick some dirty little

girl down the block God damn it look at that now he's all time obsessed with her. It's driving me nuts how's, your baby, your baby stuck with some tramp dirty tramp medium. I have daughters,

which is a that's. A hell on earth, have

 

we have dollars on earth

it's fun now it's cute she put custom down. She loves daddy. She watch this tv, but there's going to come a dacian. Let's go to the mall with friends and you have to let her and you have to worry, and it's not the same.

The world is not the same. Now it's not going to be the same when they're older.

Is getting weirder and weirder. You know people getting

so we were talking earlier about bugs and searches and people being able to turn your microphone's on it

as a matter of time before, there's

so privacy, whether it's,

fifty years, whether it's a hundred years,

and I mean I think, there's going to be no privacy with anything. I don't think with your thoughts. I think we're going to

This is the next thing after cell phones is going to be

something that allows us to communicate way easier, they're going within the next fifty years, they're going to come up with some way. We're going to be able all communicate through a device is going to be.

 

Than just talking. Well,

so we're going to share thoughts. It's going to get really

sucking strange, I'm one hundred percent convinced, I think, all this

stuff is just getting

I accelerates right, he

to be really hard to get ahold of somebody. Now, it's really easy to get ahold of somebody, and now you're going to people figure

ways to turn peoples microphones on and record them and people are putting tape.

Over there. There webcam I want to look at while jerking off.

They think someone's going to look through for from the other side. They probably can it's going to be a man,

come before everybody can, with everybody with everything you do is going

there's going to be all all

information available to everybody, this is going to happen.

We are so far away from where we were in the 70s so far away so far away so far away, and that was our lifetime,

remember the 70s, you know

 

in seventy three, I was six years old. Okay, I remember that I remember, I remember the Vietnam WAR. I remember when the war ended thinking when I was a little kid. This is great that the war is over, because now they know the war is bad. They will

do any war anymore. The war is over. It's gone and then

start it up again, when I was, I think it was.

Twenty one when desert storm,

kicked in. I was at Holyshit they're doing it again me and my

and Jimmy Dattilio we had an apartment in think it was.

We're we're weak Mauldin or some. I forget what the we were. Waltham, that's what we were we on wall, damn we had this apartment and we were sitting there on tv which is sitting in front of a live room. I think we have a couch, we just

sitting there in the living room watching these,

fuckin' missiles flying through the air. Now

spaghetti was buddy, looks like world war. I was like what I love

we're both sitting there going what's hot off walk

we're at war. I thought

 

do that anymore. I remember that

I remember that whole mean that time

when, when that was how you got information from the tv is so far removed from today. Today,

everything that happens. All the time is coming at you,

miles an hour from every direction is just too much do you have to you have to control it, though you have to control it. You still have to have a life.

You still, you know, I don't have Facebook on my phone. I have

email account, I try to keep twitter off my

when I go on the road? The Ipad has no twitter, no Facebook. It's too much

Too much interferes with who we are and if you haven't caught

that by now you're not catching this. You know I'll open up my twitter on a Saturday just to see who's tweet thinking to myself. What are you doing with your fucking life

 

that. Your tweet on Friday, in Fuqing Saturday and Sunday, you know

comes a little game. It's it's a little game. You have to give it a breather, you,

after you. It's too much news coming at you from two

two on your satellite disk, it's

the thing. Is it's too much news from sports? Too

world news,

CNN and then ESPN all in

Rock and roll

it's too fast. It's too quick last week,

call my buddy as a cab driver.

Took six hours on Monday in New York, Tuesday. I just want to take a cab. I took my wife to get some real pizza Roma P.

The guy that was making pizza there was still there. When I was a kid I drove by one, then I go

you still in there. So we took a fuckin' cab,

 

just this guy, that drove me as a friend of mine. We grew up together since we were twelve and we would talk like. Oh that's a asked for

gas station that robbed and then it goes from me

we would twelve will walk it home tonight. Freddie prince, got killed, Freddie Prince had killed himself the night before we did find out, though, that six hundred o'clock

do you know, say yeah like that, was the gap in time. So,

got? Your news,

they. Even though that was New York, it was the city capital who-

tv in the morning.

Maybe they mentioned it in the morning

It's an La Freddie bridges, hospital yeah, but you never saw it. No,

I, so I remember us being out

them saying Freddie Prinz Di

he shot himself last night,

storm about how cold it was January or FEB

or it was fucking freezing, but we will

walking home. We were twelve

 

What do we see in front of us but uh, a guy passed out drunk just habit, drunk on the floor, so will I called now: let's get the money out of his pocket. You take the bottle. It was like a bobble head doors or whatever, so I plan wants to take a bottle and shake a bumbo.

What's it called you, roll a bomb yeah we put our hands, is Pagani Grab one of those like cherry the next

Electorial is just started? Kicking him like. We must have kicked them eighty two times and we ran away the bottle. He got up and chases Jesus. We knew his short path through the cemetery, so we lost them.

You get all those weird things

that's what I associate with like Freddy shot himself at night. They may

Some mentioned in the morning I was too busy going to school and it wasn't confirmed to the next day.

That's how slow news was now

 

you're getting news. You get hit with two hundred stories and ten minutes. Yet what happened in France? What Trump decide

what do you have? She is doing what fucking

penny. Marshall died you getting through

this drone actual day, and you really can't control it. Take your child you've watched these two young girls grow up, you ever

days where you take them somewhere Disney.

So much information. They gotta go back and take a nap yeah that happens are still so yeah. That's gotta be happening.

Oh for sure, it's wearing out and it's a lot of it- is really negative. Two, you that's that's

Now the part of problems. What's interesting to pee.

It's dangerous and there's not much dangerous? So what's interest?

two people becomes. You know

being negative, being nasty

 

about something complaining about things, pitching about that starting starting twitter fights like people enjoy doing it. They're like they're looking for battles,

You know when I wish there was a way where people could choose

to only engage online without insulting

People and just trying to get a rise out of people got a troll freeway event.

But it's never going to happen. So you got to kind of accept what it is.

So if you accept what it is, you should be

very wary about entering

anything were. Sixty percent of what you're experiencing is negative anything anything in life where

we're looking at sixty percent negative. You don't have to

do like being informed, is one thing, but that's more than just

informed

much of that information is even more valuable to you a lot of it.

Just getting soaked soaked into these fucking horrible stories. You know

I mean I, I went down a rabbit hole the other day. Reading about this, these

 

Scandinavian tourists got beheaded in Morocco in the mountains these,

Girls were hitchhiking and they went it's fucking horrible, it's horrible, horrible, stuff, Matt, and then

watch the video of it tolerable with Joe Rogan,

I love you rule number one, don't go hitchhiking in Morocco, mind your fucking

films. Girls apparently did this all over the world yeah. You know you talk about a guy, the fungal. When someone tried to a clean

the tribe. They showed up Bible.

Mind your business, so I said the Falcon Bible via email and do the best you can,

there's, some people want to put themselves in danger's way.

How do I get a little right, I've,

fucking hate. All that shit. I like

control. In my situation, I really do I.

Wanna sound shallow, I would love to

Be able to have a passport to go to China and go to ITALY, but I'm

I'm going nowhere. What it is, nothing fucking crazy going on. I don't need that in my life. I don't want to hear

 

bomb when I'm fucking sleeping when I'm in Israel

I really. I say you get bombs, going Captain Harveys Lake telling me jokes on the phone and you hear a bomb going off and ship. I don't need that. I don't need nothing that ship that's put yourself in harm's way.

So I think like pre, she ate the ball.

I appreciate them balls of you, climbing up mountain jerro

appreciate all that stuff.

But it's not in my percentage graph, I believe,

percentages. You understand me, I get it.

Just the other night. I read so I get high at night as I could I do solemnly.

Come down. I smoke fifty five fuckin' bunk, it's sometimes

you, don't have to say a joke on twitter. The joke is

when you read it as a human being, you

 

I think this is a very interesting article, but at the same time it does have elements of humor in it isn't

the hot chick

says. Mother goes to court to complain about teacher who fucked a fifteen year old kid

because his life is change, is never been the same since she fought them short as

The kids never going to get his dick sucked like that again. Can you imagine

teacher to blow your horn when you're in high school, one of those dirty tv, show picture of Joe Rogan with a fish on a boat with a bikini. Now you take this chick,

the problem. Is she sucking your dick crying in his hand like I've? Never done this before you were saying like reluctant show his life has changed. It says joke dog. I got

tax for two days and

re attack people.

I turned it around. My called them. Love

listen merry Christmas and they had nowhere to go.

 

It's so funny that you can get caught in that they forget.

What comedians we are. A a tube, a tool that

transport, something really ugly into some.

I think, that's still ugly, but a little bit of funny to it. Yeah I cracked a joke. When I

my mother, dead on the floor and myself would say

I knew she was never going to know. I got left back.

'cause. I got left back, but I never told and

who is coming on the year that I had a towel issues. She kept asking me how he chosen to college yet and I'm

have more year.

Three years I ran the scam on my mother. I hadn't thought

I was in June the was really optimal.

So as soon as I made that turn I pray,

I saw armed with purple. I kissed her forehead,

The popping up- and I knew this base- wasn't

before that before

 

I dialed nine one one. So if I dropped humor at that situation, that's how

I can handle myself. Well, that's how you leave the pressure right yeah! You have to drop you. I will drop

Obama you at a funeral drug and I will drop a bomb on you and the feeling that you look at me and go Jody is the balls on here. But thank God, you came to ever tell you what Dave Foley said when Phil

didn't win an Emmy. What

we were all in the audience right went there to honor him because he got nominated and the dude from Frazier One and Dave

He turns to mean Steven Rudy goes what the hell do you have to do to win.

he goes. He got shot for Fox sake, Dave Foley's, a funny one. What really is

people have no idea why I see people

are you in now. Right now is.

 

Fifty five year old, you look at it and you go

Twenty years of my life argue with people yeah

I had no reason to argue with them for,

it's not even worth it, they played the tape back. You'd, laugh at yourself and feel horrible.

You look, you should know you know what it

How does this even affect your life.

I turned I want so CNN, like when you're in a hotel room on the weekends you got

you go down to CNN or see each other BC political pipol. I love those for six minutes to see.

People get fired up, they attack each other and

and everybody's fucking bullshit, but

You sit there and you know what is the big fucking deal?

no matter if a king Hitler makes a comeback and he's president y'all got

get up and go to work every morning.

As they giving you money anymore. So, like somebody's giving you money or that point you in a house for free, if

 

Adele resurfaces from the grave he's the

you still at work.

You still got to build houses, you still gotta down CNN for the UFC's. You still so

What is how much is it really effective at at least that's how I've always thought the problem with all the shows is all of them, whether it's CNN or Fox NEWS during his?

the lean in their lean in somewhere, the lean

they're telling you about the news, but they're leaning on it in a way they're, not just

simply recording the fact specially Fox news right. They lean

I don't know, aren't right. I don't know what you guys a call when you say that, but I will tell you really yeah when people talk to me about left and right,

I have no idea because I don't even know where I stand most issues but.

Guess what I did see in New York in New Jersey last week. What take a guess of what I did not see almost people really they, because it's so cold

 

I was homeless for seven hundred and nineteen days in New York in December from December twelve to the 31st. I got a hotel room, maybe fifty percent of the time, but besides that I was homeless at one time in nineteen eighty

tool use and I ask people, you know, like you just don't say it huh

yes well very small sections of.

I encampments, but the homeless present percentage

with smaller. So I asked some money what that is, how

I have so many homeless people out here, and they said it's called because their liberals, I didn't fucking, know that's what a liberal was

no idea I just in California, live yeah. I just try to be a human being. I don't know that doesn't make sense. It's like what does that mean where the where the homeless go? Do we make more of them out here somebody saying

Do you allow it to that place that he was telling me about LAS Vegas ships? There homeless stay with them a bus to California and play

 

will be true with this ship I feel like the shipping is about bussing people.

Alaska, for a little while or something yeah for years. Only I like that. You saw the tv show

wild wild country. Do you see that it's on

rag niches that I said, rag niche, a cult from Oregon.

And one of the things they did. They took over the town. All you have heard about it and watched it homeless. People in buses

and then how tall is people vote,

and this took over the town they developed, developed, a real town and then

took over this one area bust out how America moves its homes as well. Each year US city gives thousands of homeless people one way: bus tickets out of town and eighteen,

sneezed nationwide investigation put the guardian reveals for the first time what really happens at journey's end whoa. That sounds like a.

M night Shyamalan movie right. They kill a bunch of homeless people

 

Satan's involved

it's like they just move him away. What are they

where they ship them. I don't know.

Looks like this: throw him down in Miami and an la

huh. I lived in Colorado.

In Colorado, people would the homeless people would commit crimes. They figured out what crime

I say we get sixty days for and they would commit that crime plead guilty.

The sixty days, just to get a win winter, because in those days bold would give you tobacco.

You allowed. They would give you tobacco back. We gotta a it that really I type of Shay at boulder, Boulder County jail.

One thousand nine hundred and ninety one bowl

little county jail and some other jail. Will

 

number one and two jails in the country. Wow

that people would want to go to those jails, then bowled the built, the new jail and it became

talking communist land like Aspen

I mean this land, you know it'll cigarettes, everybody had away uniforms, no more staying up till two hundred in the morning when I was wrong with the other way Boulder County jail the way.

Good, the good! What apple the college was a paradise. What was

with got out. He got out, there was two

x right. So, like I'm telling you homeless, people commit a crime to do sixty days. Can I ask you something guys it is a person's been in jail? Would it motivate you more? This is an honest question.

Play, motivate you more. If you

in jail, and it was nice and comfortable

And you got to relax and calm down, or would it motivate you more if they brought you into some common.

Type deal as you described it with everybody. Wear uniforms, there's no cigarettes, there was no fun, they live,

did you outside time. What would

 

I do them both? What

What do you think is a person who's been through what would be most effective in rehabilitating you.

I mean that's the idea right now, given rehabilitate right now, you said to Maine: you gotta stay in this fucking building for six months. This is going to be a jail there's like Pablo Escobar's jail, it's still jail. I want you to remember that right. You cannot leave the building for six months. I will let you out to the front in a cage one hour a day, but you gotta figure out what you're going to do in the hamper twelve months. It's a case. Yes, I have more options here,

to lift weights. I the do different parts of my body I could shoot. Pool of of of boulder was very simple. Boldly got locked up.

I gave you the linens you either took them or you that not only in my own clothes, so you called home

 

at lunchtime Joe Rogan brought me my jeans. My snake is my t, shirts,

I'm wearing my own clothes,

so now they determine what you were in for nonviolent or violent if you're

nonviolent violent you,

the world is yours.

The violent ones, the ones who get lumped in with the other violent ones. So now the violent offenders, depending on what

we do as violent. You go

I went to one sector and that sex

the longer you're in there in the more rewards you get Float

green, you stamp till ten and they got cable tv.

If you are you you to love eleven and they got cable tv. If your purple, you stepped all one one am my God,

Valley, fair with tremendous. Why I'm driving so cigarette? I didn't drink milk. Milk is big in jail because the body builders, like milk, it's like fucking drugs,

 

I would trade you and you. My milk, for your Kool aid

right, so I was in there drinking fuckin', Kool aid, because I

fucking hate, though

a paradise compared to other jails holders. Listen to this Thanksgiving day when I was that light up tax everyday, yet

came in I'll, never forget his name was grant and he opened up the cell door and there was a phone that

these were the only issues the phone use, the phone. I figure

you know those days you had to press ninety nine on sideline. I pressed eight to see if I get among business, not my breast seven, nothing! Six not been five button, four bucket long business. I gotta call my previous in Jersey

It's a piece. You know you just figure out different things:

then they send you to a place where somebody

 

I said strip down and you got to go, take a shower and then you come out and they put a finger up your ass to see. If you got contraband,

Seemed like they give you Tighty, Whitey's and Horn shaped like a rubber glove on and then loop their finger out. It doesn't matter, does it

I don't give a fuck, you put your finger up. My ass is, if it breaks you down as a man as much as anything in the world that that's the first break down. Wow

turn you around to let you

they run you they going to

up your ask, then you go to your cell.

Those guys are there, not very nice, they weren't like the boulder county jail guys. Those guys would kick your bed

if you get up

Turn your light on the middle of night and say

vallabel we're going to do. A search at two hundred in the morning, those people are not nice at all

then I got transferred the summit County jail, which was a fortune

Paradise,

nice

 

paralyze him ball all day outside tv,

two in the morning in his yourself, black,

a t yourself basic cable

We have all night. If you wanted to go to breakfast, you ate breakfast at night. You could sleep through breakfast and we

breakfast for you,

from there they shipped me off of Department of Corrections, that's

Where is the nitty gritty, if you think

people talk at the movie theater at night. Don't go

yeah,

don't go black people.

Talk all night

six seven floors.

And I was in there in August with you, full humidity

Canyon City, Colorado,

it was little window. You know, and I was like on the third floor. I couldn't breathe.

And in those days they let you out. You take two showers a week and

 

One hour a day you went outside after that. You would just in the sell by yourself and at night of frozen the daytime. It was like fucking being sweating in a fucking tin. Can you order ten cans in the date?

no finished, not patrol she at

there is nothing to showers,

and then the three meals and then that they of the first week is good because

you actually get out of your selago test. Big tested everything, your math, your English. They park and put a bunch of pictures in front of you and they put you through psychiatry. They take your blood out.

 

They do everything and then they assess you and then they have. I took care of all the dots. Okay, there's a bunch of dots you have to. You have to thought your eyes like. If you have a high school diploma, you get a point. If you were working at the time of arrest, you get a point if you up to paying rent. So I got a bunch of points for that is so funny how

To talk about something very interesting, it's very interesting. What is Harvey Weinstein case is going to go it's very interesting, or it's going to go

right now he has Benjamin breath is an attorney, but if you see what happened, Benjamin Bratt pushed for dismissal and he didn't get it- that the lawyer said the judge set up a child day.

They're going to get a trial date, Harvey Weinstein's, going to little throw more money to pay off time, usually go for time.

 

Then he's going fire Benjamin Breath and show up with two women.

Primarily one black and

asian or one white and one Asian.

This is when this trials and they get very interested.

Harveys also in the higher millions.

Dollars and in a private investigators. Bagel interview, boyfriends, they're interview,

This case is going to be very interesting, a light because the Cosby case we Cosby we.

How do you know, he's going to do all this stuff because I know this is what I would do

I know you come to me and you going I'm getting busted for this, or do I do because of how I grew up around those people. This is what you do.

Benjamin Braff can

A woman, the same question, a woman can ask for woman hum

 

So I'm going to go in there with either a black woman.

An asian woman or a white woman. My first two choices are a black and asian

you want to get the diversity angle. Look at the diversity angle, and I want to get that. You can't you're saying that 'cause you're a black woman, chinese woman

I'm trying to stir. We have

Did you ever really watched the people versus Oj Simpson? No. I didn't very interesting

It's it's time that you sat down the holidays. I think yeah,

There were down here. The athletes versions watch one episode. It seemed very good, very interesting how he put a dream team together how geez it's going to cost you ten mil, listen to me g. You got two.

She's, going to like Cosby and pay two mill and make

if you're blind or

 

put together a funky, then you see him. He went in there with that milky should over his eyes, like the guy from Kung FU. Let me know we were kids. Kung FU's father had like yeah Kung FU's father was like half blind and shared yeah. I remember that building magnesia on his side, ship, that's how it can cause. We went in there playing like I'm sick route. He's got cataracts cool, Cosby yeah, but

Even have something like that that when he did something that we put the pill in the water heater now, he knows what it feels. He knows that the function so just three steps, Richard Silverlight block him. You know yeah, he knows about Harvey, has to play this hand.

This is what America's about to watch they're going to watch something fucking crazy,

Bobby knows he can't go in there. Benjamin Bratt Benjamin Breath, Agrabah no look at the list of Benjamin Bratt's and Benjamin Bratt Canada.

 

We'll tell you look at love like legal cases like sports he's got a pencil and paper. Listen to this day. I, like is that he's John Jones verses Gustafson. I went to New York last week and I went to the Metropolitan Museum of ART with my daughter. She loves art,

and while I was sitting there, I was added of on Goldy on your own.

My daughter didn't want me taking pictures in front of the statues anyway. She said daddy get other pictures of this fashion. So I'm like what the fuck am. I hanging out with you for

She was in the chinese way. I wanted to see the armenian way.

It was funny I was thinking about when I was twenty one and twenty two

colon. I will get stoned to the gills and,

the Museum of natural history. The museum of my hobbies back then

so I was such a loner and people looking for me and I was always a criminal,

 

go over the bridge to either go to one of those museums. Well, I would sit the courtroom. I would go to a place that had a fuckin' italian sandwich and I get it

mega wise potato chips in a sixteen ounce. Coke and you go to any courtroom. Court starts at seven.

Metropolitan downtown. I take the a train and I'd walk out

forget now what you know. This is one thousand nine hundred and eighty three eighty one. I was a kid and I would sit

that observed night court. I learned how to plus. I grew up in that

you are what you would sit and watch night court like you watch a basketball game where you pick up game somewhere with a sandwich and a salad and potato chips. I think a lot of people don't realize you could just go to Cortana. I would want to do that twelve people. I would learn how to set bail.

 

Can you do that anytime, you want to just get in there watch in the in the eighties. Yes, now, there's bomb detectors you up that the reason. Why is that? Do you have to look at

if you're interested in the case, yeah

Will go down there and just watch it, but if you, for whatever reason, is a speeding thing,

like someone lost their license. They got arrested, driving and trying to get away from cops. You go watch them go support and

I'd like to go, and I see I would like to see what the fuck

What's going on with those guys are trying to get away from the cops and helicopters chasing him with the spotlights, and they just keep going like what the fuck were. You think

like what I would like to get to that court.

I want to see that guy.

The guy that was like running from the cops at the fucking spotlight from the helicopter on. We knew he wasn't going to get away. It's cutting people off and driving in the fucking side of the nobody ever gets away.

Nobody ever gotten away. Recently.

The other night. I don't have parking garage,

 

find them. You get in a parking garage yeah if they get away, but the percentages lonely place well right. The percentages of very low right, if

not to get away bro. They gotcha once those

I look up the spot you running through neighborhoods. You gotta make sure you're going into a mall. They have cameras, they could bring.

One camera watching go if you're running into the mall, the you know there is a will spot on the cars they they they

what happens here you want to know what happens? What happens to all right? First of all, it's usually spike sky. Nine is following you,

that's good news. Yeah they gotta put on the floor. Kick your legs. Do everything by

see John Camp. They pick you up, they handcuff

and they put in the side of the car. The guide told

 

It is. A white version of what happened in pursuit started on the vine. That's white, Persian at least wanted subject. Yeah suspect was moving at a high rate of speed. If I just had to chase you for twenty miles, how piston my you pushing the fucking trunk and they push in the back seat in front of everybody, said the cameras take pictures and they put a cop next year on the drive there, you gotta couple backhands to your face.

Even saying that you you hit the steering wheel or something they hate you couple times

You go in. There, use it in a holding tank, and then you fucking.

If you would one another person used to you, just shut your fucking mouth,

like. Why are you loyal column where they want to call your lawyer, because you want one of the other guys to get a lawyer so then, like that you have to get its public conflict.

 

So maybe you and Jamie got arrested right now. I'm gonna shut my mouth and how you're gonna call my attorney later, because I know for a fact: James is going to get a public defender. So now I can't get a public defender because that's conflict of interest, so the state has to pay for a different attorney. For me, whoa a lot of people, don't know that so you got arrested with two or three people

you keep your mouth shut. Alcoma! Italian later you have an attorney yeah. I forgot his name but Jamie COP, but public defender now have two public defenders. Camera

search. You get a better chance of getting a better attorney.

And the state pays for is on the other. So next time

If your mortgage to go God, this state, Texas, I it's 'cause it jerk off, like me-

what with Fuckin' Johnny Rumble mats and Falcon,

He wants eight hundred an hour, even though the state will give four hundred. Now it's like holes,

 

I am back at least I got a better type of eternity game. The system you gave the system, it really is

crazy. How I love figure this out you'll! Do the right, rear writing things down like you anything? Can you just automatically sort of writing down numbers and percentages yeah? I love the show. I grew up and it is like a sport. So that's with

Do hot and by the time Harvey bring on a rape case. You gotta go up there and we live the story and tell the dates and was there was a rape kit's very fuckin'? Tough

This will be very interesting, bro, what's going to happen here, the only thing,

is anything he cops to easily come they going to come back on the Michael, my

and try this soon so just live in Florida. Making fuckin' super eight films that led Zeppelin, Fuckin' Miramar

Florida whenever it is crazy, when you see someone like him, because they,

work, the system, I'm going to say

 

nothing bad here. That's what your advisors in the people around you will tell you he's

hot water for the rest of his life.

Because even if he gets that down to like an assault, charge

Do he has to serve eight months, twelve months, which is really eight.

Once he gets out. He, although

Simple foods are going to come at him and

and he has to pull an OJ, moved to Florida when they can't touch your pension or some bullshit money.

The ad in the sunlight that wow it's really crazy. This is not unrelated to what we're talking about right now, so this has happened. I think, since we've been live, Kevin Spacey uploaded this video on his Youtube Channel, where he's in character as Frank Underwood, and since this is come out today, he's now been indicted on rape

Charges and Matt Massachusetts, I believe, wo felony rape charge, so his plea to get his job back, it might have come out without him.

 

That was going to happen. I don't know I was just see if we wanted to watch it and see what he's doing

Should we watch it? If we were going to kick it off Youtube, it's fair use, ish ish, I mean it should be, definitely fair use. We can always watch it minute or something like that. Second, seven see what he's doing is washed his hands.

I know what you want. Oh sure, they may have tried to separate us, but what we have is too strong. It's too powerful,

And after all we shared everything you and I

I told you my deepest darkest secrets

I showed you exactly what people are capable of. I shocked you

is my honesty, but mostly I challenged you and made you think, and you trusted me, even though you knew you shouldn't.

So we're not done no matter what anyone says.

 

And besides, I know what you want. You want me back,

Of course, Sean believed everything and it just been waiting with baited breath to him. He confessed it all. They just dying to have me declared that everything said is true and that I got what I deserved.

Would there be easy?

It was all so simple.

Only you- and I both know it's never that simple, not in politics and not in the live.

You wouldn't believe the worst we get it. You see Karen Kerr, yes hundred percent supposed to be dead in the show.

Correct this is strange: that's strange

to watch

because really you know it's strange, Zulu Zulu Little Office game right,

but even if it was planned, Frank Underwood, he seems a little off like okay.

Tents on that one! Let's, let's get into this year, Frank Underwood, come on Kevin, you frank under

 

frank, Underwood and then boom. It

in time second take felts, blew second take votes with

yeah. It seemed like acting it's weird: it's not like great character that characters fluck great character. I mean the Frank, Underwood care.

Select one of the all time, tv characters, but that's just weird

that's so strange. He was really himself has already happened on the. This is for statutory Fox NEWS according to Fox NEWS, but this is what everywhere else too. He shared this video, as he's announced that he's facing felony sexual star charts all charges for salting, a teenage son of a former news anchor and then Anti

bar in two thousand and six GS. I thought he was going off on that powder.

God knows the power, they give you what you buy into just to make that tape just shows you how fucking creepy

 

I really think to be that good at acting, you got be out of your fucking mind, Kevin.

Spaces are bad mother fucker. When it comes to acting all

horrible. Things he's done a there's, a there's, a Qual

the about someone. That's that good! You know they're, just

yeah, like a certain amount of insanity. To that, I have not does not apologizing for his actions. Everything he did is horrendous, but I mean

surprised that you're seeing him,

I'm crazy there. Now, that's not surprising,

He's too he's too good to not be crazy, like I would assume that they're all good when they're, not crazy, I'm shocked

and when someone is uh, you know seems to like Daniel

Lowe's doesn't seem to be crazy right. It just seems to be obsessed. It seems to be obsessed with work. Maybe I'm wrong.

I think, all those brilliant mother,

cars, rather out of just his out of his mind, is:

horrible. I did when I was a kid,

 

grandparents did. German shepherds are very smart, intelligent dogs, but they all have a quirk. They all have a quark. You know my mom wouldn't neuter hers.

Oh, she had a female and bleed once a month which made him even talking crazy. So when I was a kid, my mom had one that you could go to next to a purse

my buddies stinky had one this year and my buddies thinking out in german shepherd that was pure, authentic, either walking. The house have a great time I data making move for the door, so he built all our friends in the ass. He don't like when people laughed everyone, so everyone of us, because

extreme of what we do, including yourself has to have some. You know something

You will now wonderful last week, speaking about Bill Burr, he wanted the helicopter he plays drums

 

he's a comedian he's a daddy, doesn't animated series. You know you know,

so here you are in a helicopter with Bill Burr flying around the city, but

nights earlier. You will laugh at him on stage. While he made fun of some fuckin',

as soon as he was hysterical, making fun of the Obama tool. Yeah.

Michelle Obama.

You follow me yeah. Those extremities is a makes you good at your main thing. You know the.

That that does all those different things, the fact that cowboys to Roni fights at a high level of competition but then to

We slay these high diving off a cliff motorcycle racing.

 

Not just that he does it while he's in training, while he's in training yeah. That's what makes people who the fuck they are. You know way when it comes to drugs, psychedelics or the hardship

you know you get these people that

for years. I heard rumors about certain actors that they show up on the set still coked up from the night before, but given three cups of coffee.

Breakfast and take a shower

and whoever is supposed to be so

for those eight hours they kept it together for the

twenty. They were a fucking mess. Public figure guys like Nick Nolte Right Nick Nolte is one of the greats for sure right,

mean unbelievable actor and it had some serious, serious substance abuse issues and it's

 

past Jan Michael Vincent should have taken over Hollywood watch the mechanic. You know we listen Bro, the

me too, movement was a great movement made people, you know whatever the words

so that people with countable but wait.

What happened to Marilyn Monroe? She was

Me too, victim.

Marilyn Monroe with. If you look at it from an angle, they passed around Joe Rogan

between the President Nick Bonna Connie

in fact a mobster in Chicago and who else pass

she was married to Mickey mantle. She

married, how many fucking times she's my

to the playwright tormented that poor girl

then they found her were dead of alcohol or whatever, no not to me Marilyn Monroe. When I see my own Monroe she's, the first thought in original me too

 

You know that knocked him down all of

Schrader. Also

symbol of art, the last

we think it's closed

third MEL disclosed. Everything is closed on that block you're looking

that still open is that flower shop they found

only decided to close after one thousand years, but that was the flower shop where, if you

I want to take my aluminum rod. Impressing you had to order flowers from that flower shop.

That was what it was famous for that the Maggio Sinatra ever

nude body, ordered flowers for her for that shop,

if you knew say what say, what is she like? Get flowers from that place on sunset,

but she was the original come on dog. Think about how tragic her life was, and she was beautiful.

She was young and I

animal, but all of a sudden, a slick, young

 

Guy comes along with his olive oil, voiceless, tight shoes,

It takes her away from me, I'm a man that cannot

be humility is that what that

who tells Walt there's no details.

Do vow when he comes over and tells me once and not for the movie yeah, the house is a piece of and I've Adam all as she was the best piece I

just to show you it's not about dollars and cents. I put singing lessons into our dancing lessons. She was going to be a fucking star, but

All of a sudden you have

Your boy comes along with his olive oil voice and his shiny shoes, and he makes it takes away from me, I'm

a man to be humiliated. You know what that

likely goes off on me. Throw throws fucking, what's his name out

this morning he wakes up in the dead horses in bed. That's right! That's the speech! He gives him that Sinatra. Fuckin' took his girl. That's right! The horse in the bed scene

 

you want the most fuckedup scenes ever in a movie, especially when you attend yeah 'cause. I don't wanna see a horses head, they really oh yeah. They killed a fucking horse for that scene,

percent, that enough

sucking rubber horse. That's a real horse's head! You ever watch it again.

I don't think I'm mistaken. I

I'm pretty sure remember this. I remember that it was

I never shared. I think that they might throw you in jail. Today.

That? Even then the sunrise and you can get away with disposable sample countries and we've made while he was in

the dog out the plane and then,

expect the showed up and they kept saying. Oh all,

Porsche. It

still moving lease the stock in Jan Michael Vincent come to take his job as an all

 

Burt Reynolds Movie PP. Why hopper that's a movie about Burt, Reynolds Being Bertrand, the baddest stuntman of all time, but then jam?

Michael shows up and jam,

Michael is going to eat his lunch, but then Burt Rental

put jam Michael this place, and they make the jump in the car together.

The funny thing about. That movie is that he has to jump out of the building and the guy that played the inspector was

wacky guy. We got here jamming Snopes article, it's true,

The studio had encouraged Francis Ford Coppola to use a fake horse head, but he didn't. He didn't like the mock up his skin.

Found a horse ready for slaughter at a dog food plan in New Jersey. The art director pick one that

like the horse in the

and said.

When that one is slaughtered sent us their head.

He said one day a crate with dry eyes came with a horses head in it farm. Well,

 

sounds like them would kill the horse anyway,

we better than not using it right, but people

attached. They serve horse rectum once on fear factor and horse people got real mad. They get very mad. This is seen here we go who imagine

in this poor folk and being entangled with the mob back, then this is suppose

filmed in what like the fifties as well on, was to take place in the 50s, not showing it.

You know you can try to the people at home. They, okay, look! Ok, it's very which

really scary about this scene, is that they came into the house. While you were sleeping, they didn't wake. You up

 

yeah and they put a horses head, undersheet message, she's, so lucky realizes. There's some blood now he's looking around he's like what the fuck. What the fuck is this? How good is this actor, whose is actor? What's his name he's been in everything? Well have fun. This is blood. Yeah he's looking at the blood

It's all over his fact sheets. I mean it's crate and that's real blood too, and there's a horse's head. They start starts

wow, they chopped his fuckin' horses head to head off

 

and stuff it in bed with them. That was like a prize stallion that he had right. He felt could choke him and he and he insulted he insulted. He will see you can get out and I ain't no band leader and he goes yeah. I heard about that story because that was the story. Michael tells to check the thing. How do you know Sinatra? She goes well. My father's gone all the storm his godfather, and he goes. What does that mean that he goes? He sang with the Tommy Dorsey Man,

And Tommy said I'm not releasing them and they put a gun to his head, LUCA Brasi, pulling gun to his said,

do either going to sign it by your brain's going to be across it, which one I paid a dollar for,

Oh, my God

so that's. Why would this guy shows up? Because I ain't no flocking bandleader, I

 

That was the last thing you tell some guy, like Robert Duvall Robert Duvall, said, if you mind, I have a plane, I rear driver sent over a plane. Get me to the play.

Reno Collier he's a man of insisting bad news right away and hearing bad news right away and, as you go tell 'em and the next morning with something of fuckton dead horse

Jesus Christ, what a way to send somebody a message: it was a good movie. All those movies were great. I had a cat is the problem. Is I got a times we to

going to be in Italian. They said over emphasizing this crazy. I will tell you I will tell you this Joe Rogan. I told you this a couple weeks ago and I know it's tough for you.

Stuff for me, uh subtitles, but this episode of narcos.

Is really been. Were they doing it all in subtitles?

 

hello. This is a land of issue money and was, but it's tough for people to watch. But, like I told the guy who played Pablo, was a bad

like I was saying the other day, I was telling somebody you know what man I grew up.

I american movies, and I love them, but my undercurrent was watching spanish television at night.

Or from the age of five to eight or nine. There was a couple novella

but I really appreciate it and I kind of like the acting. I was like these guys can fucking act

but I forgot about it and I watch man on fire and man on fire had some phenomenal spanish acting

plus they had the italian guy Giancarlo Giannini, how bad of a fuckton, how bad of a mother

Sallie Mae you, when your name is Jim,

Kahlo G and Amy,

he's the one that was in Hannibal that

Stabs him in then fucking throws his guts out the fucking

 

if you've ever watched animal, he shows up and and that's uh wow. He killed him to his stomach, but he's

common man on fire, the one who

is the girls as yeah man,

I had a lot of good lakeside actors, but a lot of

Spanish actor

is narcos, alter, hold.

And all these shows are coming back, I'm watching

these dudes with white pearl. Is these guys from old soap, opera, spanish soap operas, which is stuff you ever did a sofa

it's a time. I did General hospital and let me tell you something

If I would've gotten off a plane and on general hospital I would've gotten fired. Thank God. I was p at twelve and thirteen

years and I knew my way around the set it. You know when you book a soap opera. Nobody talks to him. You do know that yeah, like you,

walking to the see ABC over there on and got street. You walk in

 

delete your id and then go go to room twenty seven. You go to your office, you talking your suits there.

Not from the lady comes in as soon as how you doing my name is Mildred. What

is the tv and look real numbers that come up see:

sit down, you're right in numbers, I'm insane twenty seven chapter eight and you sit there with wardrobe on

but you wouldn't go there at eight hundred o'clock. It might be in my car in order that I'm really

soap operas. Do opera, general Hospital, three episodes.

Free episodes of general hospital amazing. I played a recovering fuckin' preacher who had been out in prison, and I came out and now was a fucking married thing bro, when they called me,

like they called me like we're interested in sending a real

Wait wait woah, woah, woah, so

 

Benjamin Bratt, those good looking dudes based on general hospital, and you want me on you, fucking crazy,

the real I swear

they just like? They really want you real Joey. What do you want me to do? I go send it home. What are you?

never going to hire me bro. They called right back, come on down for three days. Wow

you walk in there, Joe Rogan, you give me your id it's that fast. You go to your room.

They'll, say seen twenty eight prepare wardrobe

ten minutes away.

Whatever wardrobe they give you on. They have to

parts for you.

They have yeah under a fucking. Another cameras and security cameras shoot you go

but it is ok. Acting twenty eight come out. You come out. I

very nice, to meet you? Okay, let's do this action,

boom boom boom boom. Let's say you fuck up your line, they don't give a fuck

 

like if you start from all alone, will stop from that line. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, cut, moving ahead,

wow. Also they switch you out of a bother, put put up on you and then, like you, just not not seen to survey of five minutes. Well, five minutes, they come right.

Are you ready, gerasenes? Three, you like what the fuck happened, Baba Baba baba Baba,

thank you for coming down. Nobody talks to you

there is nothing huh

So it's not! It's!

try to get out quick, don't hold your hand, it's eight to five wow

being on a soap opera is

the easiest way like if you land on General hospital

You could be on general hospital for thirty years. I do spend on every thirty years. Yeah you know

even beyond their people, been on it for a long time now. So it's it's eight to five general hospital. Is that Luke and Laura? Was

those Luke and right now

and Laura

 

There was one thing that happened. There was a thing that happened in soap operas and it happened. When I was a kid

can Laura

transcended general hospital and became a thing all throughout the world

people fall. Yet these people are but this so it makes sense because dude here was weird, and I just I I did was a strange couple under the sea with him. They were weird yeah. I do

the scene with him. She was a little too hot for him didn't make a whole lot of sense, but it worked

but for whatever reason it caught fire culturally and became a big thing, and I think I was in high school at the time.

What year was the nineteen eighty three okay yeah, so

in high school. While I was in high school, this was all going down and everybody paid attention to Luke and Laura. It was like the general hospital.

Thing took over the country was like on the cover of.

People magazine shit was everywhere. Was this one weird relationship on a soap

number for some reason, just became this giant

phenomenon that everybody was watching. I mean I was watching it. I would, like you said thirty.

 

Don't you crazy! What was what was the show with a good looking singer

wishes she was Jessie's girl over Springfield General Hospital also show- and I watch that yeah, but it wasn't even him see of him if he was with lore. I want me to say that he's a handsome son of a that Rick Springfield

you know he was a double threat. He's

general hospital in he was a bad singer that Jessie's girl that song, if you had

like wild wings and Jesse's girl comes on your side, the beginning of it Jessie's girl. You

still touring

I think he was at the Canyon club in Igora he's out there.

That dude was when I was in high school. That dude was on top of the food chain. Every

poster on a wall

Lake Tahoe next month, good for him February?

 

see that whatever soap operas on from twelve to one was a big time. Soap, opera,

and there was a bar in New York and there was a bar in New Jersey in my neighborhood that if you walked in there from twelve to one

and you said a word somebody would tell you to shut the fuck up

and it was ninety eight percent of men and they would serve lunch and there was one I would go to was the midtown lounge, but there was another one. So there was a lunchtime soap, opera, yeah that men left their jobs

russian guys and they would

there and watch soap opera on two tv's like it was a Yankee game. What the fuck.

And then they will go back to work.

I think those strange is that. How strange is that that was a thing? It was a big thing at one point, and I still remember you know if you dated a girl and she stayed in on wednesdays, to watch dynasty bich.

 

Who stated on dynasty night. If that's going to get a new key cookie that makes sense for like today, it's translatable, you know Sunday, night game of thrones is on or whatever night it's on. It's like people do get together and they watch it live as it goes on. That makes sense. It doesn't make sense. Is that the market for those kind of Sopa

was a, was appealing to men and high school kids,

Like we're all watching, it.

Who shot Jr Brown does Dallas. But since I don't understand the tv show and now we're talking, then yeah,

Not only will they sucking you in the daytime in those days

This is all the eighties were talking about the eighties Correct ACT. What the

What's going on at night, both you had Dallas,

and you had. What was the one on ABC with

Alexis Carrington in dynasty and the dynasty that was bad as bad as bad girl. Right now, the chick who played the princess on that that was

 

used to be a is daughter.

She was having an affair with Dex Dexter. She

is the one right. Now that's going through that thing with a daughter in the sex ring up in Connecticut.

The sex ring noble when over right, like she's, a princess is life. The yes

is the one that's going through all that with the daughter.

I remember her being on dying.

Honesty, is a hot hot.

And she was Alexis, is daughter, but Dex Dexter was Alexis husband. She had something degnan, Dex, Dexter admin of a name. Is that let's look at that cast.

Joan Collins, she still hot back, then she's original, no right, yeah for sure

'cause. She was super hot picture. How old do you think she was back then fifty yeah? She was fifty one and she was washing decks decks, hard fuc and look.

Ricardo Montalban, how much p that do got paid.

 

Fucking island

how this is Alan, how they haven't done a remake of fantasy, did Island owned a did. What

a comic couple.

It's went out there and did it

yeah they had they had? It was on tv for a little bit. No, they thought it wasn't the love boat. Wasn't cool love boat

my confusion and things that I liked was home before. Okay, no, but I mean a new version of it- was

there was either a new version of the love boat or new version of Fantasy Island. So one of the two showing up the other one

actually was, but it was in the 90s it was it

in the 90s.

Because some,

Do you, member Gerry Red, Wilson, yeah God bless his soul

 

Jerry read! Well, someone supposed to be filming that what was it which one was about the next the love boat, cherry red wheels, was supposed to be film that show and he went to a doctor and

turn down the had meningitis, and I I guess, apparently, he left the dock,

his office. Yes, it was a waiting yeah. I honeymoon

and he by time

got there, I guess flying when you have that's really bad by time. We got there, he died. He died shortly after it's horrible horrible to hear.

Who's, good guy. Who is a good guy in a funny funny. I still had a lot of fucking character. I worked with that kid. A lot in New York

we did gigs together on the road together a little bit too. It was a good little click. I remember

weather in Seattle, and he came up Louis CK came up. All those guys will all coming up together at that time in New York. So it was a good bunch of guys. You know yeah yeah,

 

did Yuri make a lot of fucking television shows. I mean it is fucking ridiculous,

bring so many shows makes. Is it that hard

come up with a new Linus.

Like how many more Visam be shows they're going to have

the news on new zombie show right, I think, they're making World WAR

is it in China, but there's a new walk.

Indent in China. Now I think, click ok, Jesus Christ, like that,

I think I know what's going to happen bad things you know like you have when you were growing up. I don't know what the funk you grew up. Let's just say, Boston for awhile there was one fucking sandwich shop. He wanted them all the time, little italian guy and the major legitimate sandwich, and often another guy opened up, but that was cool, but now subway came and now the Safeway started, making sandwiches so now nobody's making money. It's the same thing with movies and tv. It's like the

 

so much content. We can't keep up with it, can't keep up. You can't keep up with the amount of content, that's out there. So when you try to remake the show I wanted to be there, we make a ton of shit, but they forget the main element, which is the high

aspect of it. Let me tell you something you got to say: that's good! That's out! Right now on Amazon, Prime Marv,

MRS Maisel,

so have you seen it? Have you watched it? Yeah yeah, the two episodes of mine, yeah, she's, she's, a stand up, comic and she's hanging out with Lenny, Bruce

looking amazing for goodwill, show really good show to real good show. This is the first ever watched on Amazon, Prime, it's very easy to do you just set it up through the Apple tv

the login in it's it's like, but the thing about like

things like apple, tv or Netflix that are so good is once you're logged in it's right. There

you go to it. It's easy. We're

 

Lazy now that the extra step to log in to another service, whether it's whatever it is, you know what

other thing on top of the getting on to I tunes are either one more thing all I got to use my password like that little.

Extra step

even just setting it up

once you get it set up. You could just go to it before

You do that that extra step bothers the shit out of people, for whatever reason he's tease

I don't want to do them. I don't. I just have my wife programming for me. Only on my Ipad. I don't know

you don't know nothing else to play that put into airplane mode. I hit the WI fi thing and next you know I'm watching Fucking TV. I get it

Keep it's like I'm right now, I'm on the second time watching narcos in because I like the acting so much

guide Diego Luna, Joe Rogan ain't,

 

I do was to do more, Math Ambien. It's such a difference. He such a bad mother

I don't want to spoil it for you, but fuck you if you haven't watched it by and I use

yeah. I only watched the first two seasons.

Do you gotta watch the Pablo sees yeah, which way

is very good. He was a very good actor. I enjoyed him in the third season with about the Cali Cartel and that was okay.

This mexican one this for on this before we place for you

it's just. It explains a lot. Why Philly based away from the pays a wall?

If I could move this in a lower, I would

I belong down there. It's just a city full of fucking, fucking, crazy thieves, digit. You know they just crazy.

Figured out how to grow weed in the desert, and it would

Thirty million dollars a week, a bunch of crazed, Fuckin', Indians

We never found out how much

 

What percentage of marijuana did we used to have your right? But it's also really hard to test

Then in the crime yeah, they were not as to the back to testing right by

the strongest weed I was smoking back then was chocolate. I wait that

we made me, go fucking crazy, someone dicks

To me, the difference between

strains that were raised in Afghanistan and Sudan and strange. It came from other places right like right now, dean our friends from the store he got a fee for

afghani weed from the old days sure for he re power that I guess the word to use is up for, and he keeps trying to get that.

I still remember smoking afghani weed. You were going for

You were going for a ride, but your your tolerance is so high. Now and the weed your smoking is weapon grade, I mean

you are. You are smoking some of the most insane I had a weight of of vape pen, the other day, a simple little

vape pen I took one hit. I was obliterated.

 

Levi DOT. Damn strongly are now you gotta be really careful. Now I was cocky. I was treated like the old ones, especially those disposable ones. You can take three four heads before even feel it one

obliterated, but especially, but is Bush's. I stop with the apples that changed the game. Yeah the elbow drop,

 

change the game up. You, one hundred percent off the edibles one hundred percent. I got a job. Buddy George has one thousand milligram edibles and he gave me two bags. I think like tonight. Oh I'll take a bite out of the other because it's Christmas, but I had to cut it out because it was just killing me. It was. It was taken away from my other high I enjoy taking two hits off a pipe in the morning. Gets me going against me: listen to music, I'm writing a little bit. I'm loose, I love being loose. I went to moitie at nine. I threw it at me and I'm saying I enjoyed. I should I can't when I go on the road. I don't bring a pipe, so I gotta bring joints in Maine. If I gotta come down off the 11th floor and walk two blocks, I gotta smoke the whole flock to join, so I gotta go back to my room and pass out like that's how strong in the way it is. I could just kills me

 

actually now they're married them anymore. Yeah just kills me mummifies Maine. I go back to the room. I watch two three episodes of summer. I think that this sub scientists making weed now I mean they've gotten. They got real

hotness involved, there's money in it now and now that it's opening up in Canada, it's going to be really weird

Canada, they're, making it legal right, it's legal now, so

I'm I'm pretty sure Rj J Reynolds, that it wasn't just dumped a shit ton of money and do some marijuana production in Canada. That's going to fall so

United States, it's there's too much money involved in it and it's going to be good for everybody. It's going to be good,

capitalism is going to be good for people getting marijuana

as long as regular people could sell marijuana to let Fuckin' art

Reynolds as long as they don't put. Some restrictions like they were trying to put was it. You Jamie told me about what they were trying to do in Ohio, where they were trying to make it set up? Where you could you could,

 

grow weed, but only a couple companies could grow it. So the

would be legal, but only a couple. Companies monopolize

and then everybody was like fuck this, but they ended up passing out. I believe that's terrible. It's sad that

I mean that's such a corruption. That's like saying, okay, you can have tomatoes, but we're the only ones who grow these fucking tomatoes like why it's a tomato, that's a

against nature, so you're saying that nature can take place. I can't put a seed in the ground and grow. My own shit get the fuck outta here. Is it legal? It's legal, ok, how's it different than corn how's it different

a my pear tree. It's not,

It's illegal life form, so life form it supplant. You're allowed to grow it,

and if you say you can't grow it, you've got a corrupt system. You got some bull

get law that you weaseled in, because you greased up some assholes and the other people don't have as much money as you do. It's the only reason why that ever happens, or

people so desperate to

get legal weed they let some dick dominate

 

the entire industry, some greedy focke. Now the deal is it's legal

where it's, not legal, otherwise we're in some sort of a weird dictatorship,

You know this is not you

I just decide it's legal, but you're, the only one who gets to make money off a que. It's a plant! That's crazy! Imagine if you owned all the pine trees in the country, Damaine MIKE

my pine trees from me. I find you

talking Christmas tree I'll. Take you out crazy.

What happened last week would como. I don't know,

New York. He said he wants to legalize weed no yeah. He wants to make it recreationally legal in New York stupid to shoot down.

You should be making money off of it. It exists, no matter what you do, if your capitalist, if your your person who believes in free market

you already have whiskey. Urea pills. People can get high

not so just they're! Just not

with the child is arguments give the flock

 

people freedom and make money off at you dummies, that's what everybody should be doing. This should make it legal and profit off and they would shouldn't stop with that either it should go to mushrooms. She go to a lot of different things. I should set up clinics set up

this is where people can go through mushroom therapy, people that are suffering.

After the war PTSD. You know, there's

many different ballots for depression people

they're getting ready to you know to pass away.

They have extreme anxiety a lot of times alleviated by mushrooms people have.

Through like extensive

cancer treatment realize their terminal one of the best things for the

peoples, mushrooms, that helps them easy

Is there pain and suffering in their last dying days? And it does.

Seem negative effects you other than

the occasional person losing their falcon marbles, which is going to happen. No matter what you do. It's it's

it should be studied and it's not something that should be free and it could benefit people, so it should be fuckin' legal,

everybody models

 

Colorado's doing people see it

you know, there's a lot of naysayers in this business and they don't understand that in Cala Rado you get tax rate

it's don't leave. Colorado's real estate went through the fucking room yeah, you know this is this is

something that I hope most states go for

I know that there's a back angle to it, it's a gateway drug. It's this is that it depends what you do with it

the only argument. Is traffic fatalities. This the only argument

have we had have a lot of your vin, an increase in traffic fatalities but

I've read is it did it did? It depends on who wi it's a pro problem? Is it's hard to find the study, the

It's absolutely correct some.

There's been an increase, some say the entrance increase corresponds to the population. Increase. I've read that too. I don't know. If that's true,

That kind of makes sense that if you get more people in the city you're going to have more people driving, you have more traffic accidents period. So if the number just goes up, but the

 

population is increased by fourteen percent or whatever it's done that would

kind of makes sense, but also

Let's be honest, some people don't drive very well when they're high and if you're

their driving high and spacing out you're a fucking idiot,

it slam into a car. That's entirely

able to and to deny that that's possible seems silly, but

I think that it's like everything else, there's people

responsible people and there's people that aren't and there's people

good drivers, there's people that aren't as people that drive distracted as people

pay attention to shed, and then people to do

You know whether they're high or sober. I would rather have you drive in mine and a lot of people driving sober. I know you don't

your phone, when you're driving I've seen you drive, you drive you, take it

seriously.

Look around you're, not you're, not interested in getting any stupid car accident. 'cause you weren't, paying attention. I seen you drive how fucking take

to hide any day of the week I drove over the tragedy. It was at cell phone addiction. I drive

defensively. I watch everything I watch.

 

Been coming from all angles, especially today. You have to double check everything when you drive.

Yeah, I, dear friend, when we lived. When do you leave me got hit by a car yeah? I heard three weeks ago crossing the fucking street

she broke both her legs yeah. I want people to understand that you have to have your eyes open all the time. I don't take nothing for granted. I don't care that guys stopping that when I'm making that right, I'm watching that mother,

plus I got a wife for pedestrians

as they will walk out anywhere next thing that you're dragging a guide, pre funking blocks. So I did not know the window was hit by a car on yeah. She was in a car accident, no, she applied by our God. She was intuition to right away the whole thing I mean somebody was telling me. The story was just you have to pay fucking attention,

so I drive there's only a little New York in my drive.

 

This is only a little New York. Dr number, two. I drive away from people like to take the two or three colleagues I never did. That told

What ten years ago, my rear ended somebody

you know your dress,

I bring in a place where you have to assume unless you're fucking stupid, that dirty percentage of people for the last ten years have been driving

They need add another twenty percent for people that are texting and driving. Then you got to add another ten percent for people or just visit

I'm looking looking around going home, I got look: how beautiful California is it's a fuck? Every time you get the car, you have to drive a certain way

Was it how I thought twenty years ago now I want to get that. Why do you think

hum against high speed cars. I wanted to ninety show I'm getting a Porsche I'm doing lately. I ripped it. Take it up,

 

you give me a take on rebel. I knew you were going to get one of those cadillacs for a while. We decided not to as I got it, I got it for you to see my feet. My

for very large. They are very large and once they rest on you, it's ninety. Ok, so your face resting on that gas pedal. I made it to San Diego and back, don't see anybody, don't don't help

we'll tell people secrets, not illegal. Ok, I'm sick and tired of people coming to me going, oh, my god, the drive to say

The angle was horrific. What time did you go? One in the afternoon? Can I

smack you now. Should I

back in the mouth later. That's four hours! That's three one slash two, but it's not crazy that it takes that long. But if you get in your car at nine and you do fuckin' eight

because all you need to do is get out of la once. You pass

the commerce casino? It's a river,

nobody gives a Frenchmans fuck. You stay,

in that second, the left lane

 

just doing seven thousand five hundred and eighty it's an hour or not.

Forty five under

way back. I made it from La Jolla now with dirty well, because I

That's the easy route solution,

The five n you banging out the whole earth quick all

wait to Camp Pendleton, Navy you're, know saying you don't give a fuck

you got something serious on this. Nobody out there it's a weird area, though too, when you coming back from San Diego says: it's militarised your hit, eight thousand and eighty eighty eight thousand and eighty then, when the road starts to thin

that means you're about to hit immigration are going to ask you if you got oranges, you know you know how they never out there, those mutherfuckers helping out. This is nine hundred and eleven. Alright, you just once I hit that point. I kick it to one hundred

still ahead, Irvine once

Irvine Spectrum, I come

until about eighty eighty, eighty, eighty

 

Let's see nineteen miles back up to up hundred, but then user going to on traffic condition that

at the time the five everybody's hooking up you could get on the one on one, but then I get back

that one thirty four and at one hundred and thirty

for little or no other five goes until one hundred and thirty four, the next thing I own no drama

the night driving from San Diego is the way to do it. Yeah! Def!

drive home after the gig, don't want to wait for the morning fog.

Sometimes you're. So tired, you scared. No, no that wouldn't that morning adds two. No you stop

yourself an ice coffee and you

falcons, ranging all the way back to work now, you're right, that's what you definitely should do, but man that you know, which is the key.

For folks who you worry bout falling asleep in your car

driving get a rag or t shirt and get some ice. It's the best, wet rag with ice

 

Is the best just rub it on your face real quick and you wakes, you write the.

Look up and it last for a few minutes and then just do it

a few minutes later and you'll be fine. The whole way home. If you can,

ice in a like a washcloth or something like that with ice in it and it gets wet. Just keep rubbing your face.

It's better than anything I used to smack myself in the face. When I was uh,

early in the morning to do newspapers delivering newspapers. Then we do gigs at night I was fucking, tired man and I would be coming back. You know

night from this gig, and I knew I had to get up at five hundred am to deliver newspapers depending on the day, and I'm just talking smack myself in the face 'cause, I was falling asleep at the wheel.

I would just feel my eyes getting heavy and I'm opening him up and I couldn't keep it. I just fucked out of wack and if you whack yourself in the face it lasts for like a couple,

Minutes like I would just my whole face would be stinging. You know it's like

seriously. Slap myself really hard in the face.

 

Just try to stay away over a fucking coffee guy. I know I was as a kid I mingled in cuban coffee, but I just straight away from it. So when I first started tribble runs, I will have my kid at two hundred in the afternoon on Sunday and I will get off stage in Boise id at one thousand, one hundred and thirty electrical rent. My cloud would be filled with gas and I get it. It had inhale for five years no dolls and I will go to a gas station and get the biggest

 

do they ever had in life, and I would go for six hours. I would eat no doze, but one of the worst experiences I ever had was. I was falling asleep. I got was done and it was for content below zero. You know, and I pulled over on the side of the road. I turn my lights on. I put the brake lights on it and I kicked the seat back and lay down with the heat blasting in the car was on and at one point you are wrong. I opened up my eyes and I thought I had lost control of the car. In your mind, you feel like it when I moved in I member holding on

mister, well she's at my heart, almost doubling on thank God and get fucking hit here, but I was an O'Doul's. This is way before red bulb Blue bull, red blue, whatever that shit yeah, but I still remember doing coke all night and shooting a short film for Fox and I'll. Never forget the fuqing. They gave me two red bulls. I drank two of 'em:

 

still from the sleep. This is that I go by double the flag. Is a red boulder? The use of it is about it. Yeah about a coke. You do yeah the red bulls on deck,

We think it is John Jones. It's going on. You know: what's happened, yes, he's moving from Vegas saw this last loss and bring it home from the comedy store break it down. I may have a job

David, come on and break down scientifically on Thursday. A lot of people call bullshit, including DOW,

I talked to call me on the phone he was like he tested positive again. She believes his ship and they get.

I found out about it from Cormier, Cormier told

They're going to move the fight to Lai, go no yes, Joe to move the fight down, I'm like no! This can't be real. It didn't seem real like

I don't believe this. I looked at his core mage twitter and I said

it said he tested positive again and then I looked

I went what this is like first thing in the morning:

 

and he's like it again

but from what

Stand from

reading, Ariel Helwani's transcript of his interview with Andy Foster,

and hearing what Jeff Novitzky has had say about it:

it is, is the number

the amount of it is so infinitesimal and it's exact same metabolite that had been

screen for that he tested positive for a year ago and that this ship

could stay in a system in the

it's kind of sizes of the molecule. It's like some five

hundred millionth of a grain of sand or something like that see. Google.

The actual number of like how small this molecule is. So

Andy Foster is said again through this

transcription of this interview that he did with Ariel Helwani that it's the same,

metabolite for the same substance, they tested positive

 

this is the same instance that the

number of it and it

It indicates that this is

but he's already been punished for the same exact he's already got

through his steps, and this is just in

in testimony small metabolite. That's that's what I'm here

I would love to hear someone who doesn't think that's the case that thinks there might be some way to game the system and the big thought

that people always bring up when it comes to stuff. Is micro, dosing, someone, micro, dosing like you're, the one who told me about that. First,

Tell me about somebody. Rodriguez yeah who is taking like gummy bears

so he would be up for the seventh, eighth and ninth inning, but by

it's the tenth inning came. If they tested him, it would be

out of this system. So

I would imagine the testing is better now, and this is one of the things that Nowitzki wants get into. The testing is

 

are superior now so you're able to pick up these metabolites and much much smaller quantities. So this is so. This test is from December ninth

I want to see what his test here was.

Leading up to that everything was apparently was clean. Before that he said we were notified early this month of an issue he has had

Where is most recent tests were very small amount, I'll pack describe how small it is uh

a long term. A tablet substance called Dh Cmt known as oral turinabol turnable, which is the

the reason for his most recent suspension a year and a half ago, very, very small amount, but there was a number that.

Where is it say? The number two is a neck, yeah

something like how much smaller it is in a grain of rice. Is it can't find it? Let's yeah look

 

I get how everybody would be fuckin' pist I get,

Everybody would think that he's

cheater he's cheating again. I get that you would think that. But I don't know if that's true,

and if it's not true, it would be a shame to accused him of it. If it

is the same stuff that was in his system. That was ruled to be from a tainted supplement here. It is.

A pictogram is one trillionth of a gram of said: if you

one grain of salt on table and split it

in two hundred and fifty million pieces

program is one of those pieces of that gram of salt, which is insane

so that grain of salt, it's

fifty million times larger or smaller than that, it's crazy

so it's very, very, very, very small. So if

This is true and they believe it's true, an the guy runs.

California, state athletic Commission Andy Foster. I have a great great deal.

 

Tremendous amount of respect for that guy, very proactive with weight cutting

active with weight classes very product with a lot of the rules. He's he's really good if he

he believes this is scientifically

and proven to be from the same exact thing that he already has been punished for I agree with them. I just that. God knows what the fuck he's talking about an easel

Yeah so is novitsky. So are these people that are all saying that it's legit here's. The question, though, have other people been still punished.

For the exact same crime, have other people tested

positive again for the exact same thing. This I do not know.

And I don't know if people are looking into that. If there is any preferential treatment

Beware: the argument would be with preferential treatment. Is flocking tainted supplements

legitimate problem.

Novitsky showed us hundreds and hundreds of supplements you could buy at any

store, that has you know vitamins and muscle.

 

Builders and all those kind of things that test positive for stereo

sisters, there's of shit ton of amount there, man, you can get a lot of stuff in these

but then there's also people that are taking steroids. So how do you know who the only

need to find out who's. Don't take shit, don't take anything. Less is third party,

Just don't think anything controversial, don't take any.

Squirrels

and sometimes people do, and it's up that you know they

Maybe they like a supplement, maybe

got good results with it, and then they get one bad batch, that's possible too. I just want to know that

This was from December ninth

I want to know what the levels of that drug they found were before December night.

It takes a long time ago. I understand so, but every time you you're in the level should get lower and lower and lower. I think what they're saying is this is the lowest detectable number so there's no lower than that. So

I found this before

maybe not maybe,

 

maybe not depending that these his numbers the way,

explain to me again, I'm not a fucking scientist, but the way

Explain to me this number is so small that it could conceivably be

tested in one test and not test another test and then also as the testing procedures get more and more thorough. They get better at it. They're detecting things that,

can detect, maybe even just a year ago I it's continued

the technology is to continuing to grow and they're getting much better

understanding how to use it, how to how to advance it. So it's not

simple, as you test positive

a year ago you test negative today, like they, they might have better

methods of detection today than they had a year ago you got arrested today, Joe.

Judges going to Saint Joe Rogan, I'm releasing on bail, but the da

I want you to take a urine test right samples and if you come back dirty,

The first few is free me

 

Joe Rogan is going to go in there and your thc levels going to be off the chain. This is going to be

off the chain. This is going to be on the chain when they come back, they going to coin little little Joe Rogan. This is what it was now. This is this the next time we test,

better, not be hiding twenty six percent cuz. I know you using this is

one thousand nine hundred and eighty seven yeah. He told me right,

so. If you use that- and I stayed in the program and I went down down down down down and then I joined the voluntary group and my buddy sent me an eighth of Thai weed and I mma smoking enjoying going back in the guys like dogs

did you smoke a joint before you came in for the test? It was like levels: we've never seen the this. Is I'm telling you about this? This is a funny joke and whatever, but

I want to see the test before the ninth and I want to see

 

test, the most recent test.

Those levels have to go down. I guess you don't understand what saying he's not necessarily correct unless he did the steroid

during non competition season which they're allowed to do whatever the other

That's not true. They never allowed to do that with no. They could never take steroids. There's a band list of things they can never ever have in their system. They say if you are fighting they'll still test you

see. If you don't have a camp you're, not in camp, you don't have about lined up, they still still test. It's, not hey, Joey Diaz. How are you come on in?

going to get some get some

lewis from you. Now I don't know if they use in just urine boards we've it's urine and blood, I'm I'm not sure

the protocol, but I do know that it's very thorough and the catching people for things

I've never caught him before in the past, and this is one of the things about this test. It could possibly be, as it's been explain,

to me that this number is so fucking small.

They might not even be able to detect it. A year ago,

 

this number, this insanely small number, there's new levels of detection. Now, where is he would be?

completely negative x amount of time in the past. Now they can.

Past it, and they can find that insanely. Fifty millionth of a grain of salt size particle. It's it's so fucking small that they weren't,

able to catch, something like that x, amount of

I'm in the past, whether it's a year ago or two years, but now they can in the future, is going to be even better they're going to keep getting better at this stuff as they advance the technology. That's

as it's been explained to me, what you're, seeing here or you seeing here, is not evidence of new drug use. It's evidence that the testing is far better and

he has the exact same metabolite. He definitely did have it in the system. 'cause they're finding it a year later in his teen teen teen teen teen tiny amount is body, hasn't completely gotten rid of it. Yet still in there

the question is: how long is that stuff stay in your system? They've '

said through normal detection. I believe

 

Google this make sure this is correct, but through normal

detection, which is not I mean from whenever the

time they they wrote this stuff out.

Yes, I believe they're saying could be detected up to eighteen months, but again,

this technology gets better and they can just

smaller and smaller particles. It's put,

really possible that that might extend so you might

not just be. Eighteen months might be, nineteen

twenty or who knows how long it takes for your body to get rid of that shit. The other guys like

for Mirren Gustus in and guys that you know they look at

This is where there's smoke, there's fire. Oh, yes and there's

have a point to they have a point, though, so I'm not mad at them. For that I'm a big fan of junk of John Jones

person. I am too

for what he does? I love the deathless Roman Albuquerque game. Please show we laughed

I don't think I don't know what to think anymore. You know, I don't know what to think

 

this one really. You know, and I feel bad. We you and I both know. This is the cost of the

it's a phenomenal because the card when people fly in and they made plans around it, they do a bunch of stuff around it. I feel bad for those people. I know what this is like for them. They do.

Was this Saturday night activity well in Vegas takes a big hit too, because this is going to be taking place in Vegas. All those people are going to be in town, it's going to be,

a tremendous amount of money for the the casinos, and you know them short. It was a lot of money for them there was bit is a big thing to have

and a bigger arena? So they're moving.

Is a form which is a smaller place.

Form in is,

I don't know how much smaller does the t bone mobile arena, but he said that he was Dana was saying you could make about six million dollars on the gate and T mobile arena and he's going to be lucky to make a million in the forum

That makes sense it's just it's different prices to in Vegas, and also the fact that it's such short timing- I don't know what they.

 

Do with the original tickets. I don't know how it works. This

what happened? The very first UFC I ever did.

First UFC ever, work was in Dothan, Alabama, UFC, twelve, but was supposed to be

state

we cancelled in New York State, they would let him do it and then they switched the whole thing over night down

Dothan AL. Let's take one

helicopter plane and flying a does. Dothan, it was weird, was weird back. Then man,

but that's that's the only time I've ever heard of something changing this

that was one day. This is one

We have never heard of an event changing like this. Before, not that I can remember. I don't know what the

is happening, I really don't, but they seem very confident that you're not dealing with someone who's taking a drug again,

playing with the very same drug that he took x amount of

it's ago still in the system, the drug,

is already been punished for I uh

the people get mad, but you don't.

 

Want to to someone of something that they're not really guilty of he's definitely guilty of taking it the first time

People are choosing of being stupid and taking it again. I don't think that's true. I don't know for a fact

but what I'm reading from actual experts leads me to believe that they're making sense, but I would have to

you know, I'd have to talk to someone who disagrees. Who knows more about it than Maine to really form an opinion

so my opinion is like well. If I had a bet, I would say,

He probably didn't do anything, but I would like to

talk to someone who's like a real fucking expert who could break down

with the processes. You can tell you if it is even possible that this could be

from another ingestion somewhere along the line with her with the sad sad thing about this whole situation is what that it really really from the bottom of my heart.

 

It's a great card. Oh it's a great car either when Bj pens on the card and nobody even talks about it. Yeah they'll be mentioned. Bj Penn.

Well, you know, Bj's has a fight. I was looking for Carlos and Michael Chiesa, even home

Amanda, Nunuez and Cyborg I haven't slept,

We could probably pull apart. Put the card on the figure that find out

Jon Jones Gusterson, just to look at it. Let's put

and it's still in Vegas. You know

got a guy who's been active. A guy who

the fighting

guy who's, angry guy, who felt the beat Jon Jones. The first time against

very, very talented, dangerous and rested Jon Jones is

their ring dust,

raise their ring rust, I'm sorry bring dust

You look at this man in a Chris

my blog has been bid. Slapping motherfuck his cell

day one

Amanda Nunez is something

 

you taught me about that's not around anymore and that's being slick.

Amanda Nunez is very slick. She's taken out some tough opponents. You know

it's very hard. She is very really long. Arms really watch old, asking Carlos Kind Would Michael Chiesa. This is a great fight right.

You know American Mendez,

Zander Volkanovski.

The tremendous okay, if I too Chad Mendes, is amazing in his comeback fight when you grow scroll back up to the Chris Cyber Command, I read Chris Corey Anderson's, whether Israel are breaking

his wife, seven months pregnant. Now they gotta get that way. You know this has to be exactly yeah. It's a disaster, but this honestly guys was one of those cards that I look

at okay, one of it

two fights. I know

Favorite on paper, you gotta go sideboard in Jon Jones, but guess what people

you. Never seen a boogie with a part time job.

 

So somebody's gotta lose on these fights keep scrolls. If you don't mind, the thing about Chris Sideboard is she's, not just good she's, good and ball cap from Donald Regular and this in

Our jail last fight on this card, she's Australian, a Megan me

you know we don't have no fuckin' english major. He got Bj Penn, Ryan, Fuckin' hall. I think that's. The first part of it is just the first of the night, crazy yeah.

I saw a good car stand on on cable on Instagram the other day she looked phenomenal. She looks fucking phenomenal brown so

it's a shame, that this had to be done.

I'm sorry, listen! I'm I'm happy that the fight to take place yeah. Sorry, I'm just happy that that they can plumb star that everybody gets to live disrupted in the families, have to go from Vegas to LA to see the fight, I'm sorry about all the hotel bullshit they have to deal with, but I'm

 

very happy that the fight is still taking place. I would love it if uber Rana Fuckin' special for people just to flat yeah,

just run a flat. Fuckin' people out of Vegas

Three hundred never going to happen, but you never know until broken. You never know. You never know

people. Need action come on. Let's go this. Is this make a flat rate?

three faktum people, Fokam Forum and three hundred back people would do it was driving in uber some guy farting in the car all the way from Vegas to delegate here. Why would you do that when you take a flight, because the flight was not that expensive goobers perspective, it is on a day's notice. Is it how much is southwest cost? It's two hundred and fifty five, but here's the thing three hundred three hundred people had a car with a guy farting for three hours, three, three hundred three or save two hundred something

probably more than to look at them in their perspective

you know they've already socketed taken away. Let's say I understand they day of work

 

but this is a lot well, so they can't gamble like a lot of people, love the combination of gambling and going to the fights going to charge for a lot of people stuck a lot of people going out. Just take my money from the ticket and stay

and gamble next today, day or whatever, because what's it going to cost me to

but that way get out part

who you going to come to our lady is getting a car.

If you trying to tell me that you want to go to yeah party, who

which is now

Jon Jones might be having a party Carlos conduit might be having an after party you're right

the whole, I think you're right holes on this card too busy

wasn't in the new Yeah Uriah halls on this card. I think

yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Bj, Penn, oh wow,

yeah. Ok, we didn't see it look at this part. You got

who's having Brian Kelly are harder, zadas, fighting fight,

 

It's no wonder that is a sleeper fight right there yeah we are is a piece man. I got your SAT Curtis Millinder at the guys, he's got

serious potential he's got.

Superstar future superstar potential he's very good. That's a that's good fight! I like that. A lot

Curtis, the one he fought, Thiago Alves and stopped him right

click on that make sure that's correct.

Does it show his record the it show his record.

How good is there a website now is pretty good yeah. That's it took awhile but see Btr, wildness yeah and the beat MAX Griffin He'S-

This man is very good, real, real massive.

Future potential and by her desire a people dead, he hits hard. That's a sleeper.

It's for no one's talking about very, very good fight. It's going to be

 

Card Man, I'm happy the cards happening. I hope everybody gets compensated. I'm sorry that the UFC loses money, I'm sorry that everybody gets dragged through. I don't understand why they couldn't just figure out

this in Nevada. It's like this, I guess

vacation or some that's so cray.

Do figure it out. Everybody, let's make a phone call,

just know: one person who could look some person should say: ok is it to the best of your knowledge, absolute.

From the original test- yes, sir, by all the science we're going to submit the science, I'm going to show you the science and tell you the number. Ok, let him fight

funky, letting him final. Don't fight.

You gonna, let him fight California, let him fucking Fight, Nevada, stupid, how funk the stupidity Rocka see. It's just dumb stupid that in this case, it's too this case. It's a function there on vacation. Yes, let's have a fucking emergency meeting. Let's save Vegas

The tourism board in Vegas must be steaming. Hey ask this as this Google is find out.

Is disputing if anybody

 

if anybody like makes any sense. If there's a scientist or something like that, it says that it could be

microdosing, or did it did the? What the scalp

athletic commissions,

standing of it is not correct. Let's find

There's anybody that has written anything about that. I'm

I'm upset. I just wanted this fight to take place without

bullship behind it. I just want it to be a great fight. It's a it's an amazing

match up.

Gustafson, especially against.

Over to share, never looked better. He's

his long as John he's got crazy, footwork work

the only the first guy to ever take John down. It was a fucking, tough fight

Regardless of whether or not John prepared much for it, I don't think he did prepare as

You could have August

This is better. I think than he was when that fight took place. I really do think he's better. It's uh, it's fucking.

It's an amazing fight in John's going to be so motivated to try, I mean to get stray.

The way he got stripped, all the different things that he fucked up to have a chance.

 

Redemption is going to be so motivated, but you also have

Consider the incredible

on a pressure, is going to be under two, his

your though he's a guy who shines under pressure mean stop Shogun in his first title fight when he was was twenty two or something like that. He's a monster

John, is always been good at fighting top level

competition good at handling. The stress.

This is you know this is a different kind,

stress is I fucked up stress it's not. This is a big fight. This is a big fight. Plus I fucked up and everybody knows I fucked up

And this is not even the current Fa Cup is reminding him of the past buck up and then there's the other stuff, the car accident and all the other crazy shit all of its bad bye,

he has an opportunity at redemption.

This. When you knows how much is on the line, because

defeated right, except for the Matt Hamill Fight, which we know he was destroying Hamill and he was disco.

It wasn't a real loss, like somebody beat him he's beating everybody, that's on

 

scented outside of number Nurmagomedov: nobody beats everybody John's beating everybody.

There's going to be a certain amount of people that are looking forward for him to fail, and he feels that too

so we're not going on man. It's a lot going on in this fight and gust of sin is fucking good.

The combination he knocked clover to share with.

That's like some video game man. It

like. He was in mortal Kombat was tremendous, his footwork everything

was really I got work Saturday night, I'm work, I'm an axe not all week how you really

Yeah. I forgot. I thought it was this last ready club. So

It was his last weekend, so I called the store,

Call then, and then I go fuck. No, I'm not missing that I called back and cancelled.

Like Wednesday go what the fuck am. I thinking so. I ended up back at the store Saturday night I squeezed on to Brian Show. I got to see Tiffany.

Have you seen her since she busted out

 

it was great just to see her

publisher.

And then last night I went down. There was two shows that as I'm leaving there like hey, you want to open up for Chappelle. I go ship out where there is he's doing his show in the belly room

There was a fucking lying around the corner.

This Sunday now I pulled that out like this is crazy. This is getting so fucking insane. I took two weeks off yet now

stage after the whole. I did two nights in lawyer and that was tremendous to job.

Why is amazing, you don't hello

Is there only going to win you wanna put. You wanna thread that out again they take their right with you. That's one of the few room

This takes the right way to do. Two shows a night down there. Yeah I do so far. It's just yeah yeah that place is amazing,

it's like a comedy store, South yeah

 

really is a little bit more loose yeah, even though it's Friday and Saturday will let you try some new shoes, they're fun people

very fine, that's a

area, like beauty and Diego, has a lot of the same qualities that Ella has. But it's more like a little bit more. The rest of the country, ahoy is

Gordmans went Teradon Jujitsu. I trained one day down at night. The place is right. Next to the fucking comedy store really yeah. I just looked it up.

Call the guy with an eleven? You know

The whole idea is.

That's where you move to when you gotta lotta guy this! That's a lot. Doesn't dick Cheney live down there? He lives on that Coronado Island. Doesn't he or Donald Rumsfeld? I don't know who fucking loser.

A rich dudes, but it is just gorgeous. You can see at night there's no lights on the streets, there's nothing there in

 

it was nine hundred and thirty go to bed go to fucking bed for them

All right. We don't want. You want to mingle, gotta fucking down the side whenever St Scotty Short lives down there, he showed up. Did he he,

pull he's very.

It was great this.

Devil dog with him? He had the

as I do a joke about how to get his dick suck with a dog. So at the end he goes and I inspired you see the bowling or no, I didn't see the dogs larious, he came

to see Lou still playing the piano. I mean the com.

Restore down. There did not lose anything except Mitzi Shore, plus

Scott Moore Show on the walls that you look at him really makes you think, there's pictures of green room with Jim Carrey in Board re.

Dice Clay and Louie Anderson at the time that they didn't even know they were going to be stars.

 

The shows we done down there can do a lot of shows download shows

when we first started working together down there, I think

The first time 90s, I think, yeah, it's like the late 90s. The first time I went down. I went down there with a girl comic. Who was it? I don't remember what her name was. It was a very uncomfortable weekend 'cause. She was clean

Oh, you have to stay in the condo with her yeah, that's crazy, imagining a girl being forced to stay in a condo with a guy that you don't even know she stayed the headliner room. I stayed in the feature room at that time. Still it's weird then

down there? She wouldn't book me down there once she started booking me. She booked me a lot

yeah, and I remember one going down at one time and I went down there with Marilyn Martinez in a husband and we weren't there an hour and Marilyn Martinez. Husband comes out with a fucking rat. Well we're at

 

in the trap trap that he said he wanted here? Mother fucker like as the rumor was there were rats down there be careful who,

so he went down and set traps up within an hour you hit by ohmygod, the fucking had to be

nine inches long, the tail and I'm

for going on the balcony and hearing them in the weeds. I packed up my

sleep, apnea machine and I fucking drove back home. I fucking hate rats. I fundit

store has so many rats that

taqueria? Oh my god, oh my god, the fucking popping out every time you sitting back there, there's a little for folks that are listened to us, there's a little back bar area where only comics in their friends can go and behind.

Black bars, a smoking area and that smoking area,

Has these railroad ties, these

ties he's rats a run in and out of, these ties and over the top all the time, all

the time? If I'm

there for more than

fifteen minutes, I'm seeing a rat and if you go near the

 

The hedges by the dumpster

That's where they really are. Where were we

back area? Is not that big? It's the hills, the hills,

filled with rats, the Hollywood hills are filled with rats and occasional.

Have cats that

or on the parking lot of comedy store like local feral cats, but they don't get the

the rats, the rats going to fucking the vines.

Those vines that cover the side of the comedy store ramp, the ramp that,

up to the Andaz hotel

Vines are all rats. That's a rat. Village

for easy how much sound they make when you park in a car each district, him scurrying. This would probably five hundred threats there.

Dude, I know whenever I park my car, when I dump site close the windows

 

because I know I don't want to jump into a car with a fucking. Listen to me. I just leave fucking and leave aspen. I like eighty thousand dollars. I got any people looking for me. The cops are looking for me. I go from aspen to boulder. I needed jobs.

Take a job making I'm not one hundred and sixty a week, sixty hours wow as a fucking shag which

the guy that takes the coffee in the body shop. When you pull up I'm doing face at night wash it and then they start the body work and then after they've done the body work, I'm the guy that washes in the

do that for three or four months and they turn you into a detail and I passed the test, maybe

Give me one hundred and sixty dollars a week because I was starving starving, but I was good and I became a detail about the detailing was commit.

 

Yeah and you made one hundred to a buck fifty a day. You know I was enjoying it, but the guy I had as a boss was a dick. His name is Dirt Jordan. He was just a deck, though he was one of those guys that was

but when they get their managers job, one that I'm back there watching the fucking car and I see a dead rat? I picked the fucking rat up. He had his jacket hanging by the door. I put the dead rat in his pocket,

that was jagged life you don't meet, though I go home, I get stoned. I don't know nothing! The next morning he comes in Bro and his cat cause fuckedup

like we have like a pole here is your father at he went in his pocket to get a cigarette and he pulled the fucking ride out. He fucking just went crazy and had like a ball

 

naked man running, I know who did this get to the bottom of this city can't blame it. Some other guys sitting out there,

That's one of the worst relationships. Ever a boss and employee one

relationships, some guy, gets

Tell you what to do he's the fucking

the head guy at the office: gotta. Listen this fuckhead!

That is one of the worst positions to be in working for a guy who's, a dick and then

power that someone would have you know if you're,

you moved on up became

office manager who can control people's

control where they get a raise, how much time they get off. You can

decisions

When I allowed him to do certain things,

Look terrible with the wars Boise you ever had. Let's come on be clean!

Volvo, all of them, what was the

 

this guy. You looked at and said you don't want. If

I ever see outside the I'ma fuck you up. I never said that, but

guys in construction they would get real Dickey. I did one time there was a guy when I was a teenager that was talking. A bunch of shit would hit me with a hammer. Yeah there was 'cause, he got, he got a gray.

Sing with me and it was it wasn't in a way where I deserved it. He was just bullying me

like sixteen seventeen, but I had already had a fuckload of fights by then. Like you know,

fights I was like dude, I want kick you in your fucking head, like you talk,

much crazy shit to me like this, like he was talking to

in not just away like a boss employee. He was talking me

in a way where I was going to have to quit, but I know

never never said I was going to do anything to him. I didn't

threaten them and say I'll, see you after this and I'll fuck you up. So don't talk to me like that, so I can fuck you up. That's basically what I said.

 

But it was that's the thing about constructions like there was a lot of like man. Demand type conflict like it wasn't unheard of to hear about street fights between guys are working together to get pissed and pushed each other and punched each other in the fall.

In snow. You know, do

is carrying roofing tiles one guy

box another guy over something they start fighting. This had happened all the time. There's a lot,

people that were doing labor to wear like real dirtbags like

this one guy that I did labor with work. I work my friend Leroy Rodriguez and his buddy. They had some,

business partner they would take apart old houses and redo woman. Leroy was one of the black belts at the Thai Kwando Institute. Who is a bad mother, Fucker

and Leroy got me. This gig and I worked with these guys labor and one of the guys who work with lived in this fuckedup abandoned building and what not

stripped out building I mean there's parts of the building. There's no floor was

Fuct up half the walls are missing: they're redoing the whole building, taking things out and fixing things this guy

 

have there and he had a mountain dew jug filled with malt liquor.

He would drink it warm all day and he needed the shake

everything he did to do have the shakes. He was just drunk all

today on a creek

the job site where, like you know, there's no floor. Sometimes

everything is all fuckd up. You have to balance when you're going from one room to the other, because they're tearing down

the wall in this guy. Somehow another fucking slid on through drinking the entire time. I remember thinking like these are people that have made

questionable decisions, it makes you want to go back to college makes you want to get a degree

when you around a lot of these guys like laborers and stuff like

You know some of them are just like me: it just young guys who

they need money and some of them are

I've been doing it their whole life and there are fifty and they're drunk and

yeah, and there is only for a terrible by itself. Jennifer wanted to serve on a deathly knew I didn't want to do it. I definitely do I didn't want to dubbed it will you know, give me a call,

carpenters, a different gig, you know

 

got a real good carpenter, that's a skilled craftsman and artist. You know you're putting together things that's different, but that the labor

Gig was not like. You didn't really have to know anything you just had to be.

Big enough to listen to them. You know big enough to like pick things up. Can you go get

go get me: a bag of cement go

alright, you guys are going to take nails out of these boards now and it was like that kind of shit. You just hung out with the weirdest people. Man

the worst guy. Remember Joe Rogan. I was clean from Coke. I was say about ninety days. I was really-

turn my life around

It's an ad for construction, carpenters, helper and he hired me when I first they had to work for free

Look for free here, so yeah, so I said: ok, I agreed to it I made,

first, they work for free, I cut the stuff and you have to go, get lunch and the whole thing yeah. Okay, I did it I passed and then the guy

 

say ok meet me at a diner at eight and when I go get paid, he'd say what's those hours and I know you told me to meet you at eighteen. As I know that should be a windshield time. So let's say

job we didn't get to the job by ten. That's when you start getting paid actually started getting paid, and I was you know I was at. I was really trying that I lived with a friend and I wanted to give them rent money. I was trying to put away some money. I forget what he paid me then, but he made me pay for my own lunch. Then one day he said, was your weight belt? Yeah, we don't work belt thing. I don't have one. He goes ok, I'll pay and you have to pay me the for the materials plus thirty percent. Last year, thirty percent yeah- you have fun

 

let's come back just to have like a claw, I thought can hammer and something else to do work for him. So we would have your own tools. It's odd stuff, like that yeah. That was all

the thing whether or union or nonunion.

You know there was a lot of the work that I did when I was a kid was Non union and a lot of

we didn't want union, they felt the union guys they

it it easier, but it was too expensive and people didn't want.

You know you certain people, so it was like a real debate like what's better

There's, no reason for every amount of union people you have to have a certain amount of nine units is how it works to balance it out right. So everybody makes

but it seems like in some things like auto workers in a fuck around right

like everybody has to be. You different is, but I have different breaks glory time

you know this lists. If a job

 

opens up. How do we get the added on a list? Mmhm Grogan has more minorities and d as he started nine months before D, as he gets the job yeah. You know

it's not about knowing all that ship with that dude I'll. Never forget that news name and what he did in the scumbag he was to me, but on fridays you would make me feel bad like he goes. How many hours did you work and I go thirty eight. He don't know I'm paying you for thirty and he bully,

Maybe this guy, but every Friday he go this Friday. I'm going away, I'm going here to fuck my wife in the ass and he was always a NASA

and then also I got my clothes drop, my check. I got this check. I was waiting for an one Saddam said now. My I'm sick of this motherfuck, I'm going to rob his.

And I jumped the fence like kick the back door on and he was a guy that bought hot shyt.

 

Yes, I understand that I was just a bus soccer schitt and he

must I had. I don't know how many fucking bottles and cases of DOM pairing young, slow, fuckin' ran up to the corner, called my buddy or meet me at this address, and I took every bottle of DOM pairing Young and he had lice Oldman liquor stores. I took his checkbook, I mean I buried. This

rocking guide. Just for how badly treated me with such a fucking scumbag well never bought lunch. He was always making crazy and he's always making little fucking him.

Works. Well, that's what we're talking about earlier. What happens when a guy gets into power? That's pizza! Shadow, my god so war is such a fuckton become addicted to him.

Yeah. I remember I had his t shirt for a long time. I used to worry to smile. Every time

age has some short like that, funk him

 

It's half with this Harvey Weinstein things about right! It's about the boss! Now that's what it's about to hit the boss abusing his power, the boss.

Suck in the girls, so they can get the job and that's the offer.

Which is probably been going on forever again

like I said especially here, listen, they destroyed Marilyn Monroe and that's the ones we know of

that's five in millions and millions of women that have come out here and have been put through

It was always what how these guys got power. I mean if you look at a guy like Harvey. How is it going to get lead? Let's be honest,

is going to get late because he's a good looking guy or is it going to get layed because he's ruthless and very success,

so it would have to be ruthless and very successful. I want to know what is not handsome I'm going home when is it slept with him and did within a lot? Well, I don't know that

but I mean there's a lot that did the story is,

There was a lot that did it. I mean he couldn't have made

offers all these women. That said, no not have

 

say yes

doesn't make it any less horrible for the women

who said known, were hounded by him and what

went down and he ruined some careers and but some of them

S. Yes, just some would make that deal with the devil

bins with a lot of different things. People make that deal. They make that deal. It's worth it. You know

I'm going to joked around about it in my act about

Arvina Weinstein, but that's that's what a lot of guys would do check if,

all, took you. Can you can get ahead? You don't have to the you. Just have how many guys

do that a lot of times. We do that, would girls do that

to some of them. Yeah most would not want that to be stuck in front of their face

most rather make their way through the most. The vast majority would rather get,

I on their merits, but there's always

throughout time. There's been people the walked away. The top that's not a myth. That's not

 

angels, so it's not like pixies and would else people have done it.

People have done everything that you can imagine. People of married people for money. People have killed people further. Insurance premiums are their insurance policies. Rather that's that happens when people die they check

spouse to see if the spouse had a fucken insurance policy define the recently put out a big fat insurance policy. Then they go sideways. You off that

this vanished in the woods huh. That's weird MIKE Mike Abbasey, going to talk what happened again MIKE. Let's just take me through

top. Tell me what happened you guys went hiking in Colorado

I was another. One is another.

I'm just happening Colorado megaphone ended up in Idaho seventy miles away. Please

Leave the supermarket with the child. He's supposedly picked her up,

I want to know how you got the phone app that member every car as GPS. Now

 

this. It's an old car truck.

Or you know this, there's cars they have. They don't have GPS this car,

you getting stripped option in them, but you get a really cheap car truck

dump truck no radio. That's that's the one that baffles me

function get to Idaho how about the fucking guy killed his whole family? How about that guy got killed

Wife killed his kids. You have a deck

Jesus Christ. He looked so normally see a picture of him as one of the mistress came out yeah.

But you look at him the picture him with his family go back. I looked so funky farmhouse capable of killing his own kid how's. He came

killing his wife peep, there's theirs,

people out there that just their fucking broken their broken

and if you're, a woman, you have to think about that, that's the difference between women and men. That's the biggest difference. The biggest

difference. Is women?

to constantly be in fear of a violent man was

men rarely are in fear of a violent woman, doesn't mean it doesn't happen, happen

 

friend, Phil Hartman, his wife.

Shadow Moses Lake. That did happen, but the vat

majority. If you looking at, like the numbers of people, are afraid of the opposite

exits women that are afraid of men. It's a different environment, so different, it's a different dynamic.

It's not like anything that we could ever really truly appreciate, especially if you know how to handle yourself. In that case, that happened in Cali right away. He killed his or any past the breath.

I don't think so. I don't think it's too good to snap

it doesn't make any sense that this guy here, like I

said. The only thing that flows you off is her car, followed in Idaho. We

when she had to take her right. There drive to

Idaho, which has to be one thousand one hundred and twelve hours and Rybak

Seven hundred and seventy miles away and drive back

without nobody noticing it's totally possible gas station attendants recognized

with a child in the back, you know

 

they have to do. A search of every gas station

Now, I'm going to see if he pulled up in the invite him I had, but I don't know

I think they've even gone that deep so far, but they gotta figure.

Around her cellphone ended up in the fucking mailbox.

I just don't understand where people get the fuckin'. It is so tough the ice somebody down thinking going to get away with it between cell phones, drones, cameras, pictures think about it,

You think about how they find everything that it's way more difficult. That's for sure, but I think if you're in a rural area, rural areas, you can still get away with a long non, no nothing so for that. I checked that was job and from the university whatever. Well, that's right. You have a title right at home, hi all right! Well, I'll! I will they call it a with something new

 

court will draw no exact number. It's very tough to I got to pee. So bad will end got a little brother. Ever I'm gonna piss talk to

I mean I'll, come back, I'm not done yet take this area. Should I tell this to how

The season

around right now, picking you see going on with Joe Rogan as it happens, when you turn fifty mother so prepare you,

what are you try to be healthy, but you

Prial Fuckin' date is what I live with every fucking night. I go to bed, I'm nice and sleepy, and I

When I got to fuck you get up and pee and you got it

nice and slow to really tour due to really

You could think about that ham and cheese sandwich in the fucking refrigerator. Should you stay up and eat that fucking thing? Thank god

It's merry Christmas time. This is the best funk in time does listen. I ain't doing deck till Thursday,

stand. How about you Jamie? Nothing, nothing! I ain't doing

 

I thought those data that I'm one of the crisis with my wife and kid.

We're going to sing mingle jingle bells and all that should all the kids get together

I would be home by nine tomorrow, a doing dictate how doing open MIKE at

gym tomorrow for Jitsu. I might have to go down there, twelve just to get

MIKE size to get users using excuse to eat, I'm thinking about dry

The comedy store on Christmas night,

be boring, but it might be the adventure

then Wednesday. I got a date for Thursday Friday Saturday, I'm up there in parks,

the length, the lives that will be fun list. The sentence

Weekend before new years, the reflect Felicia

more people going to be waiting for new years. 'cause, that's uh!

but do they don't even want? I'm just

open new year's eve and jump up and down. I fucking hate me

Vivian, this damn have always had new year's eve since

 

Eighteen thousand eight new years Eve you asked me: why do you a fucking new year's eve? Does weird things happen?

I was eighteen and seventeen. I saw it

Rx7 hit a fucking tree on New year's eve in the car got split in half and they had the kid was dead. The girl got taken out by,

Jaws of death. Then the following year I went to a party, and I saw my

Danny, be bite off Rogers here and we had to drive

function hospital with a piece of hearing.

Walking baggy when ice, cubes, so

that's why you never saw me drink on New year's Eve

at the time of the night. Do you

three hundred and sixty four days a year for me to snort Coke

the pills and drink click

the new year's eve.

I'm my falcon business. Why? Because it's just a creepy night in fact

I'm excited that Joe Rogan

that during new years this year will

 

so black a wreck. I saw that. Is that what happened? I fell asleep. Yeah I saw that walked away. I heard

Probably he was asleep

in a dream didn't stiffen up. That was

The country right like Bolivia.

Need more than ever peed my life right now. Actually I got my blood,

and recently got everything checked up. Everything is groovy, but I was dehydrated, so I've been making

I want to drink more water.

I wonder if I keep myself d hard, but that doesn't make any sense to drink during the show, but I want to do that

subconsciously to limit my needing to pee during three hour conversations. No, don't think so. You know what may

I drink water all fucking day. Maybe

workout a dentist, a doctor's office here for a physical, he always says drink more water in the well. He should always drink more water. It doesn't

and you know what I sleep with water next to me, which is big. Do you get up?

how much simple water yeah I'll get up pee and drink a fucking gallon of water.

 

And because of the sleep, apnea machines and it put fluid in the well right. I did

a bottle of water with me next door night. The bed was there at night and it's really in

If you read up there's a reason,

the reason why you know, because when you

over fifty you pee more, but there's a re. You have to look it up when your body

next time in hotel room,

The reason why you should sleep diet hydrated, when you're over fifty big reasons, why

well whatever again. Whenever I go to yoga class, I always feel

like I have to make a call

his effort to take that fluid back in because

you sweat! So much one is hot yoga classes

if you don't make a real like jump just drink if you're thirsty you gotta make kind of

conscious effort to get those fluids back in your body, and you probably should take some electrolytes too I'm sort of,

electrolytes up, I just blasted Fuckin' banana man, that's good too. I blast two bananas. You say full for an hour.

 

So two after you eat, I drink water and I also drink a fucking, the after workout drink, sometimes,

But it is a good right before you work. No, no calories! No sugar

gatorade no fuckin' and monster energy drink. I don't touch! None of that. Should I hate all that shit tier all that she's going to kill Fuckin' people twenty years now

monster, energy and all those energy drinks, and she like that they don't kill people dog. My favorite thing is just coffee.

Before any kind of workout.

North Brookfield, that before I go to the store you know before I go to the comedy store I drink a for sure

express for shots,

I usually drink. One of these

shameless plug for Caveman Nitro even buy a wife ago. How big is that day and I put that cancer sugar in there

 

and I fucking get sugar free sugar, yeah

Akron that call no music kisses. Sure. Just me four cups of express. So do you know what's going through my mind? If I have the ball, sometimes I take a toke off the pipe just to cook.

Expresso upper level that Papa nicotine gum

You know why I'm juiced up by the time I get to the comedy store, because that's where I put myself through the naked guy,

nicotine gum is supposed to be legit like from

 

stand. Nicotine itself is a really good neutral. Pick they've they've analyzed the cognitive benefits of net nicotine on its own, but it's addictive. So it's it's! I don't like about. Income is very healthy for you, but if there was a way, I guess you'd use right if there was a way to blast. Nicotine like may be true it like a tobacco like a clean tobacco. Just to give you a little push off the cliff yeah, I think it's not bad for you, I'm number one one of the things that really shocked me the cops looking for me, so I jumped on the bus and San Francisco in nineteen. Eighty five, I didn't know the bus is going is going to a place called me that I had never read when those days you could smoke on a bus, a Medicaid from whatever Egypt and he smoked with me at that time. I was never touch

 

tobacco product, never even consider it. I thought I'm cuban, I thought cigars are worst thing in the world for you and I remember we smoked a joint with hash, weed and tobacco in it. What year was this one thousand nine hundred and eighty five am? We smoked, enjoy another bus. I thought my lungs were gonna fucking cave in

the tobacco in the hatch e his hash, the palm wood ashes, no matter what you smoke hash. It doubles in your lungs. What do you mean it? The smoke doubles in your lungs how's, it dude

who do I look like Johnny Fucking scientists see if I don't know next time, one of these smart guys comes on the shelf, pasta.

Well, I usually smoke ash. I think a pen in all of propensity.

 

Oh yeah! You light on put under glass glass in smoky clean, because the double that

that's trained hash, never something else with double up

your fault in lungs? That's why you call so hot.

I remember when expands expense. It's right. I remember when I was a super square and never did any drugs, never smoked pot. Never do anything, and I went to a in a in agents room. I think we're in Montreal was me and my manager in this age,

it was a friend of ours and he

piece of hash that heal it. Unlike a thumb, tack

glass, he blows on it blows on it and they

the lid on washing them, and then he smokes the hash out of it, and I was like I can't believe I'm saying this guy do drugs like this is

as seen in Hollywood? He's not here, he's doing drugs

he smoking drugs like his hash, or you know what I thought of hash.

The Fucking movie midnight Express'. That's what I thought. Oh my god, you gotta go to jail for life, going to jerk

a glass like you have to fight

 

someone to kill him

Expresses about smuggling hash from Turkey. That's in my mind, Hash was a serious fucking drug like this guy was,

so in heroin, like you, do in hash, you might as well be doing heroin, as I can't please just doing this in front of me

smoking hash in full of people with a glass scares, the fuck out of its uh. For someone who doesn't do anything like that's a big, that's like hit the hit of a joint you take a hit of adjoining ok guy likes to smoke pot. I've seen that before you.

Light a piece of hash and put it on a thumb tack and put it on

the glass and get down there

suck it out of the glass you create drug addict. You speech sniffing exhaust fume,

fuck. Are you doing man? If he's only thing about me, you know I've seen some weird people do some drugs schitt

when I was in New York to him when I got up early and there's a movie called Sugar Hill YO, my Sugar Hill Sugar Hill. I don't

the Sugar Hill Gang related Sugar Hill is a movie that is possibly.

 

Wesley Snipes best movie.

Sure that was when they were drug dealers. Drug deal, yes, I remember Daddy Alexander opens up the movie, oh yeah, because she plays the mother and she makes them hold the belt.

He goes, why you gotta make me hold about mom because you're the oldest hold about

tractor shoot. This got damn heroin. Mom is sick, although this is his best movie by fucking fault, that was a good movie showing

grab this up, it's two hundred o'clock, but would have

Do open a new year?

within lay a Betts, nothing, nothing about Fucking John Jones costs

 

and if we had a better, you don't give me a break down here. If I was that Jon Jones versus Gus person yeah, I'm stuck on both fights. That's all I want to tell people that said. I wouldn't bet me. I can't bet easier. You know they're, both very good matchups, very Christmas, Cris Cyborg. You have to give her an advantage, 'cause she's, so much bigger an because she just doesn't seem to lose she's just smashing. People she's got really really

technique. An she's super powerful and she's really big, and

she's got a lot of success

and then Amanda Dean, as is without a doubt, the hardest hit bantamweight she's, a fucking, smasher man. She is

hey Lori and she gently long shoulders. Are she keeps you on the in the punches chills?

You know

to find out whether or not she could hurt her and we find.

If she can hurt her. This can get crazy with the

Does Amanda Nunes King correct? If she hurts,

cyborg can get crazy, but if she can't

She hits harder than Holly. I think my humble opinion

 

Cali is a a great kicker and holly is you know, she's really good. At moving and she's very durable and Holly managed to go the full distance side work. You know it was a hard fight. It was a hard fight. She lost a fight, the state, the

difference between Holly and Amanda Newness. I think it's like one shot. Power is better for Nunez.

But you know Holly when she fought germane to me. She when she fought germane. She knocked her down. She knocked down a straight left. She heard

she heard a couple times she had kicked her. She hit

the question mark kick in and had kicked her and Germaine De Randamie is really good. Heavy heavy duty more tie fighter, but she didn't want to fight sideboard. Holly did, however, just the biggest

the best. In terms of like we look at our success ratio. You look at what the way should be.

Girls down, she's, so powerful man

Amanda is the toughest fight for her lover. This is yeah. This is. This is a fight if you go

 

back to cyborgs fight with Gina Carano at Gina Carano. One point I was on top of her on the ground she did

sustain it and she lost the fight and cyborg eventually smashed her. But

Gina had her moments in that fight. You know- and I don't

think Gina was ever the one shot cracker that Amanda.

However cyborgs way better than she was back. Then.

You know so, as Amanda Amanda coming off of the Pennington fight, you watch that fight she

dominated Raquel Pennington? I think we're hotels, one of the toughest girls in the division, she's she's a hard woman, and she

good beats a lot of really good fighters and she gave Holly home all she could handle an

a split decision

last Holly Home in Holly's, debut in the UFC and mean she's, fucking, good and

nuez handled her. It was very, very

press. It was scary, like dismantling she's beating her up. I was like wow she's on another level. Now as a champion, she's gotten even better. She was always really good. She was always really dangerous, but as it

 

camping. She got even better when she beat Rhonda Rowsey and forty eight seconds. That was the big coming out party like he. We are baby she's. She

best bantamweight ever you know in terms

by Ker ability to not girls out like she's the scariest of all time.

She's, the only one I mean cyborg can't make one hundred and thirty five

nuez can she's a

one hundred and thirty five champion and she's gonna

now to should go five rounds. She can, she can beat the out of you for five rounds now, it's different for me. That's just being fired. Listen very interesting! This my Christmas

the JRE family. You know I love you, mother fuckers. I mean Christmas to you, my friend,

see. My brother, like this week,

I don't think so not this week, but we'll see each other soon for sure and after new year. Alright, thank take everybody, much love.

Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas happy New Year New Year, happy Hanukkah, happy Kwanzaa, Mary everybody.

 

Thanks everyone for tune into the podcast and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you

butcher box starting December. Twenty six new subscribers will receive two pounds of

wild caught alaskan salmon plus twenty dollars off their first box by by going to

picturebox dot com and use

the code Rogan at Checkout- it's a great company and they have really fantastic me that if you're a person that likes to eat healthy, high quality,

meet like this. It's this is

the best options to get it any again, Hunter hundred percent grass

Getting grass finished free range, organic chicken and heritage breed pork, pork, it's all very delicious and get two free pounds of

caught alaskan salmon in twenty bucks off very simple just go

to butcherbox dot com and enter the code Rogan. Thank you all.

Go to the cash app, not just a great app for

you in terms of how easy it is to use, and I could

 

make money with it, but also because they give back when you enter the referral code, Joe Rogan after you die

The cash app for free in the Google play market or in the app store,

It doesn't go to you five dollars

but just in fight for the forgotten charity to help build wells for the pygmies, and now,

at least until the end of the year, when you download the cash app and enter Joe Rogan, the cash app will also be sending five dollars to help pay for Re Board son's medical bills.

Again they didn't have to do any of these things are doing these things 'cause, just that's where they are

that I love it. Thank you. Everyone for two minutes and podcast appreciate the fuck out of you and see you soon, bye,


Hey, ladies and gentlemen, how big is it

this episode the podcast is brought to you by on it. Oh an it. Joey Diaz is taken on it before he got here. Alpha brain keep him sharp

the brain is our kind of our flagship's. We started on it within what is. Is a cognitive, enhancing neutral pick, it's one of those things that raises red flags like is this bullshit? Does this really work? It works it's backed by

two double blind, placebo, controlled studies from the Boston Center for memory all that's available at on it com, it would essentially is excuse. Me is nutrients. The building blocks,

for your your human neurotransmitters transmitters its nutrients for the way your brain functions. It's very sketchy right. You hear that, but there's a bunch of things.

That work on cognitive function? Caffeine is

one of them, of course, nicotine apparently one of them. We actually want to talk about on the podcast, and we also wind up

talk about another company called Neuro, one that makes a

amazing nootropic. There's that

true brain,

 

The gentleman who is on the podcast was his name from true brain. The Aikido guy Jamie will find it he'll find it

uh, but anyway, I'm a big fan of Nutro pics, I'm a big fan of supplement Tatian and I'm a big fan of finding things out there in the world that benefit human performance. That's one of the reasons why I so love Doctor, Rhonda, Patrick coming on the podcast and and uh people like her and Chris Kresser, and

a lot of other people that really understand supplements. What is this Andrew Hill? Thank you, Andrew Hill, so he's got a good one too. It's called true brain. I like that when I buy that one

I think that there's quite a few of 'em, you should try a bunch of different ones. The thing about on it is what we've done. Is we've blended, a bunch of different ingredients that

together synergistically and I think we're the only one

 

have a double blind, placebo, controlled study, but I'm very sure that a lot of other ones are also effective, would definitely not the only ones that have stuff that works

one hundred percent money back guarantee, which is one of the most important things you don't have to return. The product like this stuff is legit,

and I mean I don't know how your brain works. Maybe it won't have the same effect on yours if it does online, but on mine it definitely helps what it's advertised, as in one of the findings of the

you that it increases verbal memory which helps for me cuz. I talked so much

about so much Shitt. I forget what I'm talking about. I forget the words I forget. Peoples

games like a running hard drive space. It helps me for sure

and it just keeps you keeps my brain sharp. I like the feeling it doesn't feel like a speedy thing. It's very subtle, but it's real

um anyway. Besides that we have shrimp tech support, which is a

fantastic cordyceps mushroom supplement. We have a bunch of different supplements.

 

Along with full line of strength and conditioning equipment, amazing, kettle bells that are in the shape of guerrillas and chimpanzees and bigfoot. We have a bunch of really dope what we call primal bells. Note that I said dope, unironically

fifty year old, white man, but cattle

Els battle ropes, steel, Mesa, steel clubs, things to promote, we call functional strength, a strength that is really applicables into you know martial arts or sports, or things on those lines make your

body move is one unit. I'm a giants fan all

also have an audit academy. That's in Austin TX go there, learn how to work

and also learn tenth planet Jiu Jitsu, one of Eddie Bravo's affiliates, and

Bang banning Moitie one of our friend Duane Ludwig's,

so two world class martial arts schools also in on it

Go to honor dot com use, the code word Rogan and save ten percent off any and all supplements. Ok, we're also brought to you by

 

toothbrush? I have a new toothbrush and I got it from the sponsors called quip. It's a new.

The toothbrush should packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of ball, cure traditional brushes, it's basically like a pencil or like a pen like,

sharpie I'll, give you how to thinner than scharping yeah, maybe maybe a sharpie.

And uh. It plugs into this little thing

Can you put a battery in it

last a long time it plugs in

little thing in your walnut plugs into the like a little slot. They give you like a little thing sticks there and you slide that little toothbrush in there I like it it in some Mount

It unsticks really easy to, and you can basically bring it anywhere for

genie, travel nerve to rest, your toothbrush down at dirty, ass sink. So what they've done

as they have a subscription model. Their subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dent

 

recommended schedule. So he deliver new brushes new brush heads every three months for just five dollars, including free shipping. Worldwide, and everybody knows that's the grossest thing when you go to put a toothbrush your mouse- and it's just done here too,

brushes just wrecked and most people forget and then you don't bother going out and buying one or you have time

will show send that to you very easily and what I what I was going to say, weird right anyway, they'll do

deliver them every three months for just five dollars, including free shipping. Worldwide. How do you beat that you? Don't it's easy

that's why they got named one of time: magazine's best inventions of the year so find out why you quip starts at just twenty five dollars. If you go to get quick,

dot com forward, Slash Rogan right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get quip dot com forward, Slash, Rogan's,

 

yelled g e t, Q. U I p dot com forward, Slash Rogan.

And last but not mutherfucking least who's. Your valentine input. Do you love most about them? Well, you should send them some flowers, you fuc

proflowers and Shari's berries have teamed up to help. You really impress your Valentine's this year with their perfectly paired collection.

Go ahead and think inside the box is Valentine's day. It's really a one of a kind gif

your flowers and dipped strawberries assumed dipped in chocolate blue

together in a beautifully specially designed box that will keep your flowers fresh in your berries, cold, guaranteed and right now my listeners can save twenty percent off any one of their perfectly

weird combinations or any other gift over

twenty nine dollars with my promo code, Rogan just

 

children, nice little gift, come on pick the delivery date. It's guaranteed

Customer satisfaction is always number one or your money back and there's only one way to get twenty percent off a perfectly paired gift over twenty

find hours featuring beautiful blooms from proflowers. Why do I have a hard time with proflowers?

and freshly dip strawberries from Shari's berries. It sounds yummy and beautiful visit, proflowers dot com today and enter my

code Rogan at checkout. That's both proflowers proflowers flowers, dot, com and code Rogan. We did it

My guest is the funniest human being of all time. The great and powerful Joey Diaz

 

The Joe Rogan experience so blind with a cold on the door. I guess it with subtitles in Spanish. The number of them appear on Friday.

Right, yeah my real name? Please do it for me in Spanish, with subtitles, and then I'm going to bring him up here on Friday and we're going to have a three way about.

What it was like to wrestle in the whole thing, if you don't mind,

well. He mine

would do mind about subtitles Justin at by noon

they go work remotely created, so no, we will not clash with. You

do the three of us together would be the greatest podcast average I get interpreting you would be would be it would be.

Real haven't you can.

We don't know Melinda hooks into Russia, that's a fantastic training in Cuban where they ship them 'cause. They ship you off. When you were young kid, they do a lot of

 

No, no yeah! They look at your medical, but look at it. You don't have a choice. They look

and they go to a solution alone. That's it now. They take a certain age.

They the to send you a Nicaragua.

Or Russia. If you train and that's why a lot of Cubans are judokas because they go

russian learn Judo wow, so he will tell you how they ship them off

and then just tell your mom like we're. Take him tomorrow. That's it

an interesting to me, because the Cubans and the Russians in particular, were always thought of as being very technical.

Really the Russians. Russians are super technical.

That was what a lot of people attributed George Saint Pierre success in wrestling. You know, George in Wrestling College or in high school, but he,

with a bunch of russian nationals in Montreal and apparently phenomenal wrestlers. They have this incredible wrestling program like when you see

when you see Norma Gamette off the way he mauls people

 

inside the octagon like what in the fuc like that is like a perfect example of that, like style,

super hard super technical wrestling, they're so good at it.

There's so many do you see you know you see Lomachenko used to be a wrestler

there's a video of Llama Chanco looks like he's doing sombo. It looks like

he's got like a d on and it's him and some other cat and he's like eleven years old or something like that, so his father put him in everything his father,

do you know. Lomachenko is yes. Yes, yes, one of the best boxers ever like literally.

The most technically beautiful to watch box

as it's ever lived,

this guys wrestle to like him,

This is, I don't think this is that is it does him? Okay,

Is this him wrestling with somebody yeah

This is one now we can still do this shit. This is like pretty

like he showed some of his wrestling moves.

 

But the other one was him when he was a little boy he's really tactical man. He knows how to wrestle. This is legit. I

you see the way he's moving his body he's not faking that he's done, that a bunch of times and yeah

this is when he's a little kid man, it's crazy. It says Greco

I'm wrestling but they're wearing Aggie. So I'm not exactly sure what it is, but he gets his kid.

And gets behind him and send him for a ride, so he,

He's always been an amazing athlete like in every. I think, there's there's something to that to some

into his father had an idea, it's crazy ideas. Father took him out of boxing and put him in a dance.

For like several years or

ukrainian traditional dance style. Apparently they were talking about it on one of those HBO shows for like four years I think is HBO show, but for four years I think he just

 

imagine that, as far as like you want to learn how to box you gotta dance and now nobody's got four wheeler you

yes, you see like at highlight reel. Is it safe to say, gee possible for your highlight reel because my daughter

russian ballet and eighty percent of the class is russian.

So I was thinking about it. Yes, that was watching the movements, the last parade movement on my Jesus Christ. If people did ballet it, you- and I was thinking of gsp-

well. You know me, I'm a run. Pre probably does ballet.

You know, would that would be good. It's great footwork disguise.

Is the wizard of footwork. It's crazy because he's like right in front of you, but he's one

Step ahead of you at every turn like he knows what

We're going to do right, while you're doing it he's moving in a way that you can't move

one you and then he's not

 

it's crazy. Like he's one of the most technical boxers, I've ever seen, and it just

an amazing style-

stick achievement like what he can do with his body.

His style is totally unique. I mean every, but a lot of guys have done. It lot of guys have moved in now. A lot of guys have done it, but he's doing,

and it's such a high level such a high level, that it makes people confused guys quit in their corner that like what in the fuc- and I really think

you probably had to do with his father's cross training and it particularly with the dance I mean think about how effort

this Lee he goes like steps around guys. I mean he's, got something

edible control of his feet, but it makes sense that, like you

learn how to move your feet in a specific way to work. The way you weren't learn how to move your hands in a specific way right, like think about a guy

Floyd Mayweather right

his hand, combinations with his upper body. They're so precise, like that that that that right, but with his leg

 

is: is he as precise as he asked for,

It's moving with his legs is with his hands. Sixty percent or seventy percent or eighty percent Lomachenko is probably por.

Quickly proportion for his style with his ability to move, but also also his ability to box and hit you well he's got

all things going on at the same time, with next level angles.

So that's why I was saying to you when you're young,

in Cuba. They picked you it's not like you, wake

Do I want to be a wrestler know. They look at you and go you look like you. Just go, go wrestle and like

what I was hearing back from them

in the early 70s was like they just took you away from your family right now,

part of your training. You know you're, then they put you.

Lego. We had. No, you know where you train them, like their army. Have you talked to you about this? Could you well?

right now, we've discussed what this thing is. I already

graphics on the podcast. Well, so I figure

 

Then I put him up and will do a podcast in Spanish with walking subtype.

Looks like an english film like that. Like

Julie Movie, whatever one of those movies people think they're, unique. Okay, have you have it because his his English is too rough

for me, and I know he's trying to say and uh

stration in his face. He show you, I love you and I will be speaking so now. He did it. I tape the other day of him in Cuba, waiting for biz being in Cuba

What you know, no,

Romeros back see. If you find what is the see if you could find Michael Bisping, it sees nuts Deez nuts Deez nuts

find Rockhold now, which is a tremendous right on the tense right. That's a crazy fight! That's a crazy, very good fight, very good fight rockhold. When he's on his super dangerous. You know when,

Rakel made one slip up against Bisping, but you know fair play the Bisping he he came in that fight

 

this of where anybody ranked him. You know like how how how they felt his chances were

he came in swinging like I think, I'm gonna Levin days notice, something like that was

How many, how many days notice in Michael Bisping get when fought? Luke Rockhold, I want to say it was something crazy low. It was

How much time are o'clock? Luke Rockhold is very, very good. He's a beats very, very good. His top game think wait. Let me tell him, I think, when he fought Michael bring in my own idea. I think this focus

there's a little off, maybe two in a way. I think he was dating

rock stars and hanging out in Hollywood. I think he's not dead.

Whatever anymore now he's just fucking. You know he

Branch he looked great, but

It was great yeah. He has great cakes he's great with his hands is movement him.

Is Joelle is going to be interesting. Let's skip vicious kicks man now he's four and he's one right. So look rock rolled his number one,

 

and one hundred and eighty five, I believe so yeah, I think, there's no doubt end or is it for yeah

fight, and then you got a job to raise back. Okay, Ronson. You know it's crazy, like I always say the by the I don't

for me to pronounce his name wrong and let him guy all right like when he fought steel,

and I know God only for my men, immigrant mentality, like a mother yeah,

it's hard and all that stuff like that. But now that

It's still going to be more dangerous. Now he's gotta fucking take that law, so bad man, he could machine she's going to think how crazy it is that he went from being a guy who is homeless to five years later, fighting

the heavyweight title. This is like a total amount of training. Five years of it. A training

for the heavyweight title and he's the favorite he's the favorite.

Over guys. You defended, you twice,

it's crazy. That's how talented he is! That's! How terrifying is

That's how special he is, but

 

a loss like that to,

So a guide like that like to a real champ like Steepe, that, let's you realize where the top of the game is there's another

There's a few more things to learn. There's a lot.

More days to get in and training, but that guys just begun is just beginning.

Five years ago. You know schitt he's way better now than he was to fight to yeah. I see that

I see the difference in the way he moves when he fought

Overeem. It was since significantly diff

then when I saw his first and second fights his first second fight. She was very good, very but

just insanely strong. He would hit guys with these combinations and clean technique to man. He's like he's.

Not just a physically strong guy he's. Also

very smart, because he's learning to do everything mechanically, very good. It's not.

Naked Guy who's only been striking for like three or four years, so they look.

 

It'll tighten weird, but they can, if they land, they got a lot of power. Nah man, everything is clean, like you said some digging, those trenches jacked, oh, do that type of work gets you tough enough, he's just

special athlete

keep going man I mean each boy

guy learning more to think about how little you learn in five years. Most of these guys have way more time in

any more time in wrestling way more time in kick the average guy but

let me guess the UFC. I would like to know what the number is like how many years

of training and competing they have, but it's

I would be more than two

he was like right in the UFC and smashing people

his amazing story, man, it's an amazing story and for a lot of people, the way it ended

is a good lesson for martial artists. It's a good lesson see.

What even if you were any fan, you're bummed out to the lost

 

appreciate that I'm going to fan fan too, but I'm more of a fan of mixed martial arts, I'm a fan of an honest like it

I want to. I want to know what it is like. What what is this like? What's this,

this contest right here. What's what's actually going on here? What's going

and here is phenomenal athletic talent? Massive potential like Super alpha athlete versus one of the toughest guys

ever who's been in the game. Longer, who knows more, he's wrestled, he's been

fighting way. More he's been the trend

is way more time. He said. Dig deep, he knows what's

would be really hurt and tired in a fight. So I appreciate the strategy of like how

Are you going to fight in a guy like perfect, it was like rocky against Mister T yeah, that's what exactly was like. So it was like heart and fucking

a little smart stay away from that punch. It had

 

and I I haven't watched the full fight. You know I was working on a stage

well it again hit by Francis in Ghana, with MMA gloves tonight. Worst thing that can happen to a person he's terrifying and steeping got cracked,

multiple times in that fight, it sound like you didn't get hit, he got cracked, but he had

made up his mind

going nowhere. He knew

to do. He'd been there before

incredible lesson which is

the overall the sport for the

mixed martial arts in general and the lesson is like

figured out like he had like the craziest end of video

game character ever right, and God is like the big I, the big boss.

Video game. That looks like I got to play. I play against this guy. That's in Godot and steep

figured out how to beat him being twenty

plus pounds lighter than 'em. In a way, you know

a less intimidating in terms of

 

Physical presence, almost eat based pretty fuckin', intimidating,

but in God is so intimidating he's so

next level, two

the five natural giant, crazy frame,

one is people when you're next to Steve Patch, when you realize how big he is today on tv, you don't look that big when you're next to me, like this guys, are big fxxk he's a big fat. She walk around his asset is his mind, though Jeff. Yes, I told you don't come on down. I've been talking about the Wikipedia page dog. I told you immigrant mentality, page, listen. American enginuity is fucking, brilliant and with the

your mentality mix, like let's say you still on American, but your dad

they called you Steve. Now you can still call them Stepan mail.

To remember where the fuck you came from you understand me. His father came. That's really weird.

If you're, not you know it was on. I almost called you Joe

he's, calling I almost called you to go. When was the last time you watch Bronx Tale

 

Oh you know. What's going on all week, I watched it a year ago when he fucking finds him with the guns

start smacking, the kids in the neighborhood. I still remember

This is smack,

in kids in the neighborhood wow,

people's parents come along with the fuck. Are you guys doing get the flock home

I won't kid got a kick to the stomach and the fall points. The other kid and no

what we've said Dick now, he said

no like I'm watching this? The biker scene

Almost a lad, like I haven't, watched, Brooks town twenty years, it's on AMC at six hundred and thirty, and I locked the door and I can't leave he's eaten in schitt and lost it. Here's the bikes and shit, and he walks over ok, now he's like a gentleman yeah, no problem, one bit and also they

the thing and he works at three. I got to leave Noah now you can't leave.

Collage row

a guy named the Sun Collage? If who would do something like that?

 

that means you see why your son, to have the immigrant mentality, but when

through all that beat on the bike. It's a true story present. That's should true

true story,

in the 60s you could

I have long and walk around the Bronx,

It just wouldn't make sense, really yeah that hippie schitt,

but that didn't happen in approximately sixty five. What, if, like

he was walking to the Bronx. They called you dirty head dance.

Did you. They called you a bunch of shit and they drove beating on you

hysterical, because that scene is so accurate because after the adults

Ruby Tonya. Then they may

kids chased, you like the young kids would sticks and that's what we do

While you know like the little guys with chase you once you are beat up and took all your money. It's a class

sixteen.

I was thinking about that. I, like

call Joe and ask him when the last look at this. Look, how

 

bad to the bone. Rather, he stole the show whether he stole the scene or look at this.

You got to wait

I'm your man is Thomas. You got a lead when I just Tom, Sunny Green welcome one greens, that's it will be on our way. Looking for trouble like a generator for free.

Listen to come together sometime around right, yeah

This is a great. This is a great song dog scene. It's a perfect! So

alright perfect song when he walks in and start from the beginning to the room go. What's this.

 

This committee is kicked off. No, no, no! No! No! As long as we talk over with okay, okay, this is it right here, yeah a nice place to go. What would we write for world? What's the bike is since the door? Are you scared? I will never forget the look on the face: the fish, strong, all the courts in strength, restrain right from their bodies. They had a reputation for breaking up,

 

but they knew that instant. They made a fatal mistake this time he walked into the room, for this is real Joe Rogan. This was in nineteen sixty eight on four zero. My so this is a true story. Jesus Christ

This seems fuckin'. This is it. This was when this was allowed shoot.

This is crazy bro. This was this. Was the Bronx in sixty eight sixty nine,

 

in the neighborhood? You know, like the would tell you that we have to people on the third floor. What day we could see

cops on the third floor. We could see the bulls coming down the street. You like

the whole neighborhood was in on it. You know it's uh

sing to me like this is all from immigrants right, yes,

This is what to do because of not book.

This also movies about him dating a black girl right and that be

that the I forgot how good this movie was. This movie's, brilliant yeah shout out

Frankie you yeah disk

movies a genius movie. Look at this

my car, you know, jazz palminteri is great in this function, but this is it. This is it this was it

how good this is now see the young guys not

 

that's us right, we'll see what's going on now, you take this guy and we would fuck him up dog, but it's like animals think about it. This is it. This is how you were italian immigrants, spanish immigrants. Oh my god! This is crazy! Crazy. When you think about their one generation removed from people came off a boat,

Let me tell you what the other side of this here is. The other side like all right.

The big thing was as we were. We came to the movie, I mean he would come to the store, Frank Starling, MIKE Starr was your friend and he would come to the store and it was a big rumor that

stole the stories from him and put this together, and I was like this little war going on, but not right. Thank you into regular, usually the other gentleman there was somebody else that was wrong. That turned out to be so

the very big and

there's a story, one time that a bike

hello. Gravano money in your model was hitting him and he fell.

 

Off the sidewalk and broke his leg. So Grovana one night went out and fucking did something like this, something like with twenty guys. They beat up a bike. Is this? I'm sorry

I don't know how true it was, but I still remember being five like if I could think, if you

put hit me with truth serum. I could go back to being nineteen

sixty eight one thousand nine hundred and sixty nine, the Bronx, my daughters, five

and my mother would send me from the dry clean.

That she owned to the corner.

There's an italian place that had slices in Itali.

Nice and shoot like that, like I was allowed to walk to the corner at mercy? Save

on Tremont Avenue. I

I was looking at my daughter- was watching Bronx, I'm going different. Has time change

like was allowed to go to a liquor store with a note,

my mother Marlboro Reds and bring him back

that neighborhood we don't live that my mother

 

how to dry cleaning up. There was a bookie numbers joint. That's why we had to dry, cleaner, we're partners on the dry cleaner.

You didn't know that now, that's why I got scars on my face. I got bit by a german shepherd as a kid. Those three

by one of the eyes, that's what we did when we

from Cuba. I lived in two hundred and five W 88Th ST and at

My father died, my mother dry, cleaner and

after we were up. We were up injury.

I have.

Tremont and grand concourse

We have a dry, cleaner and everyday every weekend. I would go up there and I would sit there

the fuckin'. I learn how to dry, clean and had black MIKE blah,

Mike was the guy that I find everything, but he made the best spaghetti in the Bronx, so so

Even Italians came he black MIKE's spaghetti really yeah. This was

I knew all that shit when I was a kid,

because when you have a numbers operation, you

have to keep moving it around right. The comp can't so you have to.

 

Every three or four weeks after moving around explain the numbers to people who don't know what the numbers is, the parimutuel it's

The last three numbers of the parimutuel, the track, which is the amount of track made for the day so

track made six hundred and eighty six.

The thousand

Four hundred and eighty two thousand thousand number for the days is four hundred and eighty two and it comes out as

the Brooklyn number so

there's three numbers are day: there's Brooklyn the Bronx

New Jersey, but

What happened was that was a big business until

the 80s to the Lotto came out in the Lotto

cut that in half, but before that that was all putting little different in little different.

Neighborhoods all over New York City.

This is immigrants will will hope yeah, we know

Then why you get that refrigerator in the stove and shift like that? It's

such a weird thing that they

 

gamble just two dollars a day. Member two dollars a day with your one thousand dollars yeah. I could do a lot in nineteen. Seventy five with one thousand dollars with two kids. My grandmother was obsessed

numbers yeah issues obsessed, and she would always have like a number door head that she thought it was going to be and it was like one off or something like that. It was like

storage would tell you what would you say there?

What can I say I was like five,

I just remember it very distinctly.

My grandmother who went to jail for running numbers.

In New Jersey, wouldn't she wouldn't rat him out. So they put

in jail, and so she made sweaters gave sweater

the guards, MRS D,

is an isolated. You feel that your grandmother had done time. What did you think we didn't

until I was probably like. I wonder when I found out, I think,

We found out my teenage years. I was like

people would go to see her like where's uh want to save

 

mom's name out of respect, but

He would say you know: where is she, and so

went to visit her her cousin her

I want to see here on that she's. You know she's in the pokey, for like six months. I think

how much time was, but every time we go over those like some new excuse me in New Jersey, then put you in in New Jersey. They put you in jail for gallon in New York City. They don't they give you a ticket. You know they would give you like a ticket machine in those days. I don't know what it's like now,

This walking Napoleon Jennifer Weed now in New York City. I don't fucking know

grandmother was one of the few people I've ever known, where I legitimately thought

they had intuition says weird intuition. She would do things as real weird

like when my mother was a kid

It was a rainstorm storm like real bad,

storm

whatever reason my grandmother decided to wake. My mother up, take her out of her bed and bring it downstairs some crazy.

 

Lunch at the ceilings collapse like right above the

and where my mom sleeping so like pieces of you know, wasn't a lot which is chunks of plaster. But, like you know, three or four pretty significant pieces of plaster fell off of the ceiling it was rain came through

the whole deal with the ceiling gave out somehow or another. She had this idea in her head and it could be because she knew that the ceiling was fuckedup and she

It was raining hard, it's probably going to get anyway or

She might've had intuition my phone

everyone's always convinced it was intuition. Everyone's always convince like she's looked a little bit. Psychic is

so it's weird so he's weird around well, because she that she New Jersey, yes in

New Jersey should a monkey named chichi and cheats you.

 

Right. Everybody, but my grandma, my grand father, made to keep the monkey in the attic. You know my grandma was crazy. She had a monkey, would open up packages of gum and chew gum, know how or where the fuck she got it. She bought a monkey. I'm telling my grandma was crazy in Italian. People had butchers in those days and they get

really think she caligata pigeon. She kept a monkey in the house. Man do you understand how crazy? Then you remember the monkey? Yes Cici, the monkeys name is chief. He bites you never been. Maybe he bit my sister, you hit my sister yeah,

Beachwood funk you up. I think he bit my sister. I think

tried to bite, my sister, I think, is one of those things he might have bit. My cozen

 

someone, our family got Bit Wuxi from the other side or the chinese side side, yeah they're, not she was crazy and once you give no disrespect, but once you give those lunatics that option that they do have intuition you're done you're

walking done

start giving you the fish eyes, don't douche!

you, listen to her cooking was from another planet from another planet

like pure immigrant cooking, like the

Stella, the lasagna you just

during the Holy just perfect

knew exactly what supposed to be in. There should

make your own like it should make her own macaroni should make her own ravioli should stuff her own ravioli should be out there rolling and flatten out flower and schitt, throwing the flower

top it flattened out. She was a wizard,

 

so you you get a monkey called CHI Chi's, just out of respect and keep your dog how to respect for grandma. My grandma was a special lady.

Yeah. Once you give those like, I listen when I was a kid man, I went

My buddies, judo school

enjoy it. I just went down there to see what it was like and it was

in union city

it was on seventh street, but I knew that my step dad, please cards on a

Street on Wednesday wow,

Ok, I knew my step dad played cards down and they played baccarat, ok and they began

morning this little club and I had to be maybe ten but because

grew up how I grew up with and uh

there's always had my eyes out as a kid when I went to Judo that man at the end, I got in the bus to go back and I noticed unmarked police cars.

And I went home that night and looked out you don't meet dog, get Christie, love

used to be a show on ABC about a black.

 

That new martial arts and tried to capitalize on there with the system, and she was

Looking with an afro, she was a cop. Is she coming

do karate moves on Wednesday nights at nine hundred or o'clock. You caught me at home watching get Christie, love and her forget that my step dad was leaving

at night and for some reason I know you don't apply back around to that and he looked at me was getting dressed to suit. On you'd like to Billy,

as soon as you should. You want to play college of five bad. Why you get dressed to the nines right and I said to him- I said: hey man today,

yeah we're, not gonna, go to Martins Judo School and I saw a bunch of mark cars down there. If I was you, I wouldn't go out to that, and he thought he just looked at Maine

he said. I love you and he walked down the stairs. He got in the car, started and open the garage, Bro and

in his heard the car turn off in the garage closed. They came up. He goes, I think, you're right and

Sundays for me and him and next morning that card place, I got

so now they would

 

listen to me when I had these fucking morons, I'm to my spell, but you want me to tell you what else Joe Rogan like this is me and, like me, and my

that that had this weird relation, I got to an age where I wanted my mother for myself. You know-

the feeling is dry, we've all gone through it when you,

is a dad and your mom remarried. There comes a day that,

not going to tell you what's going on anymore and you know what

Just want you to know that I'm I'm I'm the that runs runs joint. You might be

my mom, but I run this mother fucker, so

I gave that advice like it really for a while. Then him and I was going to float, I kept steel.

This call is from the center. He had. The sale has a real thing, and that was everything to him. So we had this big bottle of like scotch. That was

did you put silver dollars in there and I would steal

 

and from time to time he would come home and go that bottles. Looking light. Somebody stealing my I destroyed his mind for years, because he was a very particular man, so we had

from bundles and well. I gotta tell you something: I respect them today because I saw him get

the joint and I saw what he did with bookmaking and how he became part

the butcher shop. I started businesses.

The different businesses so

after I save this that night with the baccarac. He would listen to me

and then one day I went and I had signed up to

the Basketball Union City and they

to give you like. Now you sign your kid up. You gotta pay eighty dollars right in those days. You just show up in an address right and they gave you a t.

Here they put you on the team and they gave me a number. They said

usually the Department of Recreation and was a purple shirt.

My number was fifty seven. I

walked in the house? I need to know you got, then I go hard join the basketball thing

 

It was. What number is he goes? Fifty seven cube

is very superstitious. Fifty

put a number on that and he

the phone. I go. Five,

awesome guide legals give me five hundred and fifty seven for ten dollars. Guess what happened there worked well

We came up now. I really had him under my spell right, the fuck out. Listen. I had this motherfuck at the age of twelve, so he would listen to me. How old is the guy

my stepfather one at the time

it was forty, seven did not drink, didn't match and did not drink did not do drugs carried a straight razor Joe Rogan straight Razor cut people yeah

this site. He used to cut used a web carpenter pants with the stray rays at this guy

this point. The guy had money, he would have

gold chain. He

chinese T shirt, which a lot of people

I'm not know. What is that? That's what real pimps wear their silk?

 

handmade shirts from China that you wear and they have three little buttons. When you're a real mother spec, you cut those buttons

and you get your initials and you put 'em in gold with diamonds in it. That's how

X, ran in those days. Well,

and once I had them there, Joe Rogan, I had a he trusted me

trusted. My eyes

so one night where in union City and I Falcon, went somewhere on the walk back, there's a place called

ask music and there was next to the new moon, chinese restaurant and I

bunch of mark cars, and I know

if we get that I went back to the bar and then you go, and I told him I said dog I saw three on my like. I had him.

Right. I, like Alexia, I seen three on my cars up, the corn,

he was very always scared of fault, even though he was a book

Make sure he never used the phone Joe Rogan, never

use the phone and he would never have a conversation close to falling. This is because,

 

She always felt he did not like font, he did everything like a pigeon, his

He would write the numbers on a little piece of paper, real small and fold them up and put him in his hat,

if you ever saw cops, he would just eat the piece of hooking paper. He always had the piece of paper somewhere close. Sometimes you would put it in his ring. This mother fucker is a savage though oh my god, so that night the cops were going to jump on this on the bar, but it was for a drug thing. It wasn't for him, but when I went

I told him listen the

don't call me and him. He grabbed me by the hand and him and I walked from

the Bergen line to 58Th and Bergen line down the Hudson telling

from bar owners that there was going to be arrayed like that

untrustworthy. He was a fault,

by the time we got back to the bar we got raided.

There was a doing that his name was mourning the right

 

EVA is those those crazy Cubans that albacore out

means good man like you're, my bro,

wow. That means that only the end of the policy of the you can't around with animals because of say Lazar and all that, so they have a very specific religion. Yeah they have the met to manhood. There was a longshoreman in Cuba. They maintain order. Forgot

They come over fuck you up there, but

He had a wig on never forget this.

The guy more Nina had a wig and the cops were there and they

oh my love, my twelve dog, I'm up against the wall, the search and made through the search of my step dad they got my mom

they went to Modena and they searched some

I that is where check the wig and they pulled the

 

for they had a little more phone calls hi, my god yeah the whole book make in numbers world is nuts that I grew up and I love it still.

I love. I wonder what it's like that is. No business is well it's unfortunate because

think about how many bets are placed or Jesus Christ. I mean there's so much money, so much money out there. People love to gamble fucking games

games are on people love to gamble. What do you think is spent this week, Jamie

come on Jamie, doing question Joey. Likewise,

our problem, like what

It's helping us by letting them regulate that chit like why. Why does

why you have to have a license to gamble. Why

If you think someone is not paying their taxes and you can prove it is it because it's

I needs cash, that's being thrown around mostly like with

 

Why is it an issue? The government got knocked in their peace.

It seems ridiculous that grown adults could tell other grown adults. They can't gamble, but you can hear, but you can't.

Their programming is one of those things like legalization of marijuana, legalization of fuckin'.

Cocaine, white legalization of anything bro. You know what

there's going to be fuckin' winners and there's going to be fucking losers. My friends, two years ago, Connecticut did uh

and Expozay on sixty minutes about women who have just.

Lost their fucking gambling, I don't.

You can sign because they installed no, no disrespect the Mohegan Sun Casino industries. They installed.

These type of slot machines that could just fuck with your mind,

Why so these women were going down there and losing fuckin' mortgages houses? You know

 

like a John Waters movie the dolls, not dog. It was just something that listen to Vegas

listen. Let me get some on the way, the biggest

percentage of degenerate gamblers are usually women. Let's look this fuckin' percentage up here. Women go fucking deep, it's a fucking hole. They don't give a fuck about nothing, they fuckin' play cards. Women.

What bang it out while they bang it out, while you're at work, Joe Rogan, while I'm at work

start with a horse then,

a glorious? You know those little problems they do in Jersey, which is that

You know when Atlantic City was Atlantic City. You,

Do you need city right? You pay fifty

box to get on a bus that gave you a cool,

I'm book and when you get to Atlantic City, give you fifteen dollars and quarters back so that bass

driving you to fucking gamble and drive back

I believe in gambling

 

I believe in making a living, I believe that it's an itch: it's an illness,

Deverbal when you're you losing your house, does God

That's where I want to know where that's where bothers me

just like. Ok, it's just like I'm drug abuse. It's just like the opiate problem. It's just! I can't even fucking thing else it could.

But you and I both know people who

I've lost their fucking lives, gambling

Okay, you seem people in pool halls. You see how

they get Joe Rogan. There's no difference in the drug. Addict

gambling addict not at no difference there. Is

to scary too, because they're conscious, it's like, if you see the

drug addict. You see me shooting up or whatever it is, and you see him fainting you, God that poor bastard, but when you see a guy who's, fully

the grips of gambling, trying to figure out how to make get his money back is all jazzed up with adrenaline. It doesn't understand why

It was like Michael Jordan. This game was like Joey Diaz. This gamblers will have the mean

 

Mister Gamble and that is uh

game killer, also, like I'm Michael Jordan, Michael Jordan, and I'm not saying nothing bad about Michael Jordan. He said just accusations that you hear that he even bets on his own, while I'm

basketball games. He was very come,

yeah, but now how Joey Diaz was doing it, not

Charles by

The lost nearly thirty million dollars gambling. It says yes, Jesus Charles

Joey. How much money is how how many people did you grow up, but that would like

we Diaz did, and then I have the means that were nineteen years old, yeah

ok and one night, they put a tent I'm betting on a fucking knick game and they won fifty dollars when you're one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars is a lot of fun. Your money, that's a lot of fun! So now you think you got the world by the balls. So you do it again on Friday, Saturday, and now you

into this world, Joe Rogan, that gets dark it's it's. Instead of

 

drug addiction of the alcohol addiction. Every morning you wake up like is today my lucky day. It's like the

people who go to the seven eleven everyday and

trying to just get a pack of rolling papers,

just in a rush. You just left the just want to rolling papers and water and there's

in front of you

Can you give me three hundred and sixty eight four six,

before, and this poor fucking whatever,

twenty lottery tickets- and it's a hundred

eighteen dollars. This is what this guy's doing.

Every day. Seven fucking days a week, my friend and he bite

It might be within two hundred dollars a fucking week, but every week he's got

deeper and deeper into a fuckhole, because in your mind you think today's your lucky Day

and it's never! You like. I was in that whole when I was nineteen dog, and I saw a friend loose

twenty thousand when you're eighteen years old and had to get three jobs, and I never really fuck with that again I learned that addiction that she

but my work

 

You know who is the general who's a gambler, John Gotti? He wanted to be

as they brag right, that

conversation. So far away from

pumpkin ideas. If I had fucking

Michigan in the hook, I would've.

Thirty thousand they lose eight thousand and ninety two hundred thousand a weekend

did the system is designed to bury the degenerate gambler like from from August 15th, the at this

John Gotti secret obsession that wage six hundred bats in scrabble and a three

one thousand dollars monopoly by and you

have no idea guys with a generous

for, like eight for like seven months, I played this.

Ugly game gel that I would start. I knew the action

 

I knew that you had a bad on Monday nights and try to win, and you know what I lost every week at

all these people show you information, listen arch, Lizza played the fucking game, lossed PETE Rose Benton lossed, even Michael.

Join but lost yeah, his room that that's why he was asked to play baseball for a few years because

cover up again. I did not write this

just things I hear

on the road

Everybody has a fucking gambling grabs you fucking, weird bro, weird,

and then grab me for a long time. I kept thinking that was the day and I kept betting

the time what's up Jamie. If they had a problem playing scrabble, they would call up the Parker Brothers Hotline mobsters would

to dispute the rules and have them explain what was stuff.

L'Amica- is a word- it's playing

coming here is a word Joe stop.

 

It is not a word. Starmaker is the word we can, but we can. We can do he told stop me, that's why they would get the arguments about garbage where we are real words are busy man caught fan a you know,

my gambling- is a fucking and once you get

caught in the web and you and Joe Rogan shuts me down, then I start putting back

Jamie and

and pretty soon. I start plucking dipping into accounts,

pretty soon now you're done now you

forced into a bad. I told you that I was a bad

on the road for a while, my friend, Johnny B, when I start

making money doing stand up, I put together a little bankroll and meet him.

Places and gamble and he would

win or lose. You know. Sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose, but it was just

being in action. It was fun. You know

 

That kind of gambling like. I was never good enough to like play those guys, but I could play like people

well like my level and bet like twenty bucks, or maybe you want to get crazy, but, like fifty

I never bet like a lot of money gambling on pool, but it makes you think more

makes play like way more serious, it's good for your game and if you can have a friendly sparring partner, they play like

only games like maybe

a race to seven for twenty dollars. So it's

first you'd, probably in any city pool halls, I don't know what the rate is per hour, but they gotta be like

twenty once and for once and for to break it down. For me,

I walk into a pool hall with Jamie

contentious cash in my pocket,

Who is my main man? How do I exactly make money, and why is it that the people in the room past money around and how does that money get them aspersed

it was real, simple everybody puts like you put in

 

I'm in for one hundred should be much more like it depends on who's, putting it together, 'cause they might decide to just pull in all their money, like everybody put in on one side, pooling money, and you know, and back this guy or they may

depending on the side, they might not even be playing the game. There's always side. Bets side bets are probably more like. If you had a bet, if you had a like a big pool game right in they used to be a place called what West End Billiards. I think

in New Jersey West End, I think, was why called we'll see if you find West end Billiards, it was a world

Ms Pool Hall, we would take the drive from from New York

to go down in New Jersey to this famous

Pool hall that would have these like serious high level professionals play there.

And reveal high level hustlers from all over the country. Go there for big money games, you go there and watch people play for five thousand dollars. Ten thousand dollars I mean the best in the world would be there all the.

 

Time I got to play against some of the best in the world. They killed me, but I got to play again against him.

Like real good. Well, let's say the tournament. So if you- and I you and I are in the tournament- and you are

Efren Reyes, the greatest of all time or Earl.

Are Johnny Archer and I'm just Joe Rogan. I barely could play it doesn't matter. I put my money up

into the tournament I can play against you? It's a huge huge like we have to get invited for now. Does Joey Diaz come on the side and a list of

three to one odds on this sure some people

okay. So that as a side, that's the side. Yes, that's all! I don't know how the pulling out a hundred bucks on archer. You know all you never seen is d as could play. I got hung on TIA's and did do is about take that I'll. Take that and then you just work it out and everybody

works it out, but when sometimes guys get together,

back. Somebody to like, say:

You got it like a friend, it's a really good player and this guy coming in from out of town, and he wants to take a crack at him

well. He wants to play. One hundred dollars sets okay, then, if

I think how many barrels do we have you pull your?

 

together. Ok, we got four barrels. That means, if you

it's play sets. We can lose four times

we have to be able to lose a couple of gain- a couple like if you're going to really play a guy out. These guys would play one thousand and twelve hours, maybe keep going back.

For and back and forth. Is it

It's crazy, like I've, seen guys and you would see him the next day, they'd still be playing you

In the morning, they'd be playing all through the night. I don't know what the

They were on most likely. Some short and fat means. That was a big thing in the pool world for a while guys would just break each other with gambling it just it would be about who quits it wouldn't be

about who won it's very rarely about, like you know like you would you would be

would be frowned upon highly if you left on top

save your head by five hundred bucks and you want to quit me

and I'm still ready ready to keep playing, I still got more money. Man. Let me win my money back if you just walked away,

I've got what I wanted I'm going to leave now like that would be. You did you'd be what's called bad.

 

Action, guys I got. Two kids are having a the seven Goshen Indiana School mother with two kids. You know playing that kind of pool there ain't. Nobody would two kids playing that level pool in pool halls like gambling because of the whole, maybe now that this? Actually, if you guys, I take that back the few guys with kids that are top of the,

food chain does a pool hall mall from my house. Whenever I get whenever I go,

going to Hollywood now, I can't do Little Kane, no more so I gotta go along way

I get off on victory, just to see it for always fell with the generous. Thank you.

To pull in there places were home to me. You know which I'm talking about right next to the strip,

there's a lot of good one? Is that on victory, victory right when you exit that as a Strip club right next to a pool wall? Well, I know the only good one in this area. I shouldn't say the only good one, the only good one I know of his house of Billiards in Sherman Oaks, like this area

Have you been on this great you've been on the one hundred and one have you seen what that place? Is that

 

You took me there a couple times to eat. We did comedy there remember how

they would billions. You took me: there was Hollywood Blvd, it's fucking a building

You know goal there next time. What does it look like? I don't know next time I drove by, and I was like, oh my god,

that you should be weeded kindly there too. We shall see the day with aria computers. We played pool there a bunch of deutsche time on Showtime that place. It was great.

Suck, and not whole area is completely that's where I at crazy MAX, are Billy.

Yeah that that dude can play some pool? So when you play my except how much you have to put a guy has to put up on the one, I would get tortured. You would have to bet like that. I would go to you're, never going to bet on me like a guy like

MAX Eberly, he's top of the food

and as far as his technique and delivery,

He could win a world championship tournament, like legitimately he's not good

no chance like if we play twelve

 

games, I might win a couple. I might get lucky when a few, maybe I'll, win four he's going to

way more he's going, get to twelve for sure quicker it be a terrible bet. The bet would be.

Any games I get to that would be the bat

if you say, you'll never get past three, because a guy like MAX tablet can run ten racks in a row and I'm not exaggerating I've seen him do it, but I am break

runs ten racks in a row, but to the point where you're sitting there he did.

Vegas, we're all hanging out, I think was it was ARI. Forget

came with me? Actually, what you guys are going to place? Yes, that place is amazing and that's where exactly MAX Max is playing. He

break and run out on guys, they would just get frustrated. They be like what the fuck man they just get didn't get to shoot. We watched him

gambling, some guy and

when the set was over. The guy was just pissed off because matches woodmen

it was crazy, just watch him he's playing,

 

I really just want to take a chance and play like a top of the food

can guy and gamble with them. If it's watching the diff

The kid who can play a little pool is pretty good versus.

The World championship, caliber pool players so precise, like his technique, is so clean

in his angles are perfect and he's just at

Leslie moving the cue ball on the table to where you want to. He sees

masters and problems way in advance and breaks them up so high level. That's my boy! That's MAX Albert Lee HEAT

we had how to play, pool not that I didn't already play it before. I met him, but he taught

how to play it way better way better. He made my game

way more technical. He was explaining

things that I was just guessing before and he was explaining what was wrong with my approach and like what was what's a better way to do. It he's a wizard,

when it comes to technique. Now he

 

to make a living going from Pool Hall Pool Hall or no way, 'cause he's that good reason. Artist too, fortunately, for MAX he makes pretty cool artwork like lots, ease some of it's probably on his own script,

even pork. You of no no, no, no know friend that does pool cues sport you somewhere along the way he said he makes like flock and eight Jeep Oak Junior ivory Eric Chris. That's my boy Eric from sugary somewhere. Somebody, that's what I play with play with his q,

his queue is he's a wizard man he's a guys like really into like the grains of woods. He's really

until patterns, and he thinks of would like to him would is like mesmerizing. He finds like the most.

Twenty four pieces of wood and come

combines them together and they have to have a certain harmonic frequency like he drops Monasa cement floor, just like pink

so you want to hear a certain sound from the wood, otherwise he won't use it he's like

 

finding logs on the side of the highway and and and recognizing some weird hardwood that no one's ever used before he cuts it up and make you out of it the wizard like his user.

But then he doesn't give a fuck

as many as he wants, you know, sometimes you don't make them for a while make

for his friends- won't, let me pay for one. I have to pay for everything just to not feel terrible. He's like the nicest guy ever

play some fucking pool too. So I don't even know when this podcast started as an began, but it's funny before we started. We were talking about yeah four point: eight billion. Oh, my god super bowl. Three

that will happen in Nevada? Is it only three percent, so most of it online line is that Chris Christie thing you pulled up earlier: James, listen G online, an banks, banks, there's still people who

I like uh, you know they

 

because they got a ton of loot. Chris Christie goes to Supreme Court on sports betting. Is he trying to get sports betting big lives? They pass something in New Jersey.

Two thousand eleven to allow betting in sports, but that still in LAS Vegas, because of that, whatever law there is, you know back in you team, Chris all right, so he has a supplement.

I have a few problems, but we all do seventeen states also with them on this. I think they want to do it. They want it. So he want he opposed it or he don't want it again,

they want betting again because they have an NHL team in Vegas and that's always been like. The logic is that you will be some issue whatever you can't be betting, where their sports being played, because someone will throw the game everybody

I will bet every city she'll, do whatever you want your only shoes yeah to talk to you in these games, though the the I'm fascinated by these games here, hypnotized, ladies and going crazy losing all their money. Does it get a sixty minute hold homes on a whole piece on the

Games that are like laser ish. You know

 

and people actually put

percentage was higher amongst women, because

It's

so let me explain something to you know: it's you a it's. A video

games were gambling. It's very

fucking addictive, like a video game, but lost it gambling very good. So that's what their beef was.

Remove these type of games because I'm Tonya, since

I was a kid I always first off I lived with my mom

She had a lot of prom show on the great issues, but she was a degenerate gambler on baseball, SH.

Between the Boston Red Sox in the New York Mets they killed it take.

Builder, and I saw that the decline.

So with that. I saw a person watch two baseball games at the same time. Remember

 

they should have split screen and Directv, so

do a puerto rican. You took one tv and you put it on

probably other tv and you got

welcome NBC and you had cable when it came with the cord memo

HBO still had the cord to the fucking thing, and it was a thing with a box that you pressed.

Switch three levels in

those days maybe there was no

and there was no ABA

package or NBA package you got,

one of the game, so we

We pray that would be the Boston Red Sox and she would watch both working games and gamble at the same time

not not even that the numbers, if

I had a dream about a goat man. If she had a dream about going back to Cuba, Bam it she's, like your family, she had a dream about

her daughter ban, it was a number they would call her. They would call it two hundred and forty five because she had all that all

those contacts so that

 

was that gambling. Then there was the then there was the track addiction,

which started at aqueduct in the afternoon

if the sun was shining that was refused to go to aqueduct. For my mother. Let me go back

doctor C at three after school and she be there at three hundred but the whole time she be scratch

because the metal and started at eight.

So she knew she'd catch the Meadowlands at eight. So guess what happens? Then? If you lose the eight hundred o'clock? Meadowlands? U haul your raska Yonkers with the death of death.

This is where you go to before you go to a pool on the side of your blood you going to Yonkers Raceway. Do you understand main? Have you ever been to Yonkers Raceway yeah? You leave them at one thousand, two hundred and forty five. Where do you think you're going you're, either going to sell your soul or give?

your blood, see, go shoot, pool because you're saving the day you can

I go home. Illusion lose right.

There's all Dave Gambolling, oh my god.

 

So that was her thing, so I also grew up in italian family.

The mother,

was

it was like a fucking act it

like an act, she had three kids

tremendous kids

you know the husband he works for a big corporation, they drove a nice,

they went to church.

On saturdays. When I go over there, they have always go with your mom, then go or

place cards with the

to Rogans and the

and this name

but why, as I got older one day, somebody said to me: don't be careful when you

it's over there why they might show

that lady in the head shield, like six or let down I mean, and when I was a kid I was like thirteen and somebody came from they said

even when you go over there because their mom's a little bit on the those card games- and it is, I got ahold of him- scared for your life from a card game. Imagine being scared,

 

for your life. Well, it was a different. That's how these are you into a lot of the people now I also grew up with men, degenerate gamblers. What I know all of the symptoms I know the,

which this

this thing on sixty minutes, just spoke about this addiction.

With the

computer thing with women. That was it. That was really interesting, but I know how, if fuckin' creeps up on you, it's not a couple years ago it's called slot machines. The big gamble,

also it's just slot machines in general.

These type of slot machines, computer one. Yes, they have an effect on women in particular. Maybe man fuc up, ladies, how about that

No here's my take on this whole gambling thing like never horse betting in New York like you'd, go to the horse. You got us off track betting. That was right there right. They. They they made that for a reason, it's demeaning

 

just trying to make it legal. This is legal. Come on. This is legal. It's not legal is to take a piece Joe right now, I'm say want their piece. Have you been to a medical marijuana store recently? Now? Ok! Well, they like, if it's sixty dollars

tab is now seventy six dollars, 'cause attacks

sixteen dollars in taxes. If you buy something for sixty dollars to think about

Need, though, is it goes so far think about how much

like one hundred dollars worth of weed goes. You could

the on the moon for three days for three days.

You could be on the moon with the proper edibles.

Get one hundred dollars worth of the proper edibles. How much

she can handle?

many jumbos. Do you think you could handle you ever have a jambo. What do they have like depends on? I think one hundred two hundred or yeah Dude

up need a half. Once my eye fell,

my cells,

all the cells. In my bones, I felt like, where the ten,

 

it's connected on my spine looks like you could get fucking blasted on.

In the last twelve hours and then take the other half that's another twelve hours now

Taxes higher LAS Vegas Jamie than they are here, for we had a five percent here and how much thirty five, and

what's in Vegas, it's high, but it depends on. If it

change, they change the motherfuking game. Dog, like

stars of death

that's so silly? No more hello, too she's the Tko's. I bought the final four,

and I got a caught aw.

Pablo Escobar got a fuckin' cachet of the one

late this morning, those hello

does yeah yeah. You can't find them, but I got a call out. I I'm, though, leave

you become my cuban cigars, oh my god, cuban cigars. Now so some people are just going to keep going, there's no more like I

 

well people there's no more stars but their stars. You know there is a moderate like people, don't fucking Bananas Napa there you gotta, see the like. I only got a two week stores but

but I go to one that's by the book.

When I go to one that they just said. You know what will

sleep in check don't give a fuck. This is immigrant mentality. We

open at six. We close at ten. We give away free bagels if you come,

at six hundred o'clock and you gotta see it that rocking and rolling and they're going to sell those two hundred milligram stars till people go down the fucking end.

The DEA comes in and shut them down, they don't give a fuck. That's too

like, if you're on Ventura Boulevard, you got to be really cool because you're done,

I don't think, there's anything wrong with having a limit on the number of Milligrams. If that's going to keep it legal. It's in

that's also not just they just create a market that people are jumping. That's it. You know how much

 

cause. You know much turn across the stars that that do to stay open, how much a half a mil. Oh, my god

because it's seventy grand just for the license g money. They take that permit they take that paper up front.

Like led Zeppelin. They like Peter Griffin, one thousand nine hundred and seventy five look. The economies can improve and they're still going to kill. No, no, he would probably is going to improve. Well tell you what

What are they going to take right off? The target is big bang it. They looked at Colorados thing and said: listen will come in there with steroids were coming in with Tht. Forget

by doing this and what don't just to set shop now

okay, have you been in business of not

is the set up shop. We gotta

 

with a piece of the action. Ok and then let us define if they just they work deals out with bank San made it easy and acceptable for these guys to be exact. But it's right in a lot of places. It wasn't. They were dealing in cash. They hired, especially in Colorado in the early days they had a higher a lot of like spec OPS Guy loves his spec ops. Like I know, I'm talking about, sounds cool,

they they would hire like former seals and shit, and then they would have to carry the the the money to the bank because everybody knew there was like a giant sums of cash so made of.

Very dangerous they were,

allowing them to use banks or credit cards rather

they weren't, allowing them to sell with credit cards, but they were selling weed in credit cards in ALA, medical, the hot in the 90s, the hot store. When you turn me on to my license the hot store at the time which they're not there, no more that dude at the height of it, was walking out there every day with twenty five gram by himself in school,

 

Wow, that's dangerous. He was a button. You know what he was just dumb's fault. When the dj came, he would have that cash in the safe right then, and there they just swooped on it. I know

I've got shot. He was a really nice guy and he used to work at the Englewood Wellness Center and

This is the early days of the

legalization is like

I want to say it's like somewhere around two hundred and ninety nine somewhere somewhere in that range, two thousand and ninety nine and dumb.

He apparently was coming out with a big bag of cash and some shot him right in the stomach. They just took his mind. They don't take care of them,

took all the cash there is, no God hire people. We had to hire you gotta hire people. You know, I see, I see amateur mistakes

yeah- I saw this anyway

I see amateur mistakes constantly, for example,

I'm talking about. He lost he

lost everything Joe

or with their way lost everything he would.

We've he got this guy was

 

an exotic guy himself, like he was ahead.

Your head! You love! When somebody brings you so

what is much as he could hello the expression,

He was ahead. Nobody uses that they don't use anymore. So what he would do is when you walked into this place. He would have

sixty weeds on the wall and he kept all his weed on the property. When the feds came

is like stealing. He had everything that everything was there wine in the open. You have to have an apartment and you have to have it to mount six ounce.

This is all you should have one we if, if

he comes in. He wants eight ounces. Give me ten minutes. I got a

that- will bring it over here five million right across the street. Then I got a little

partner with stash there. You have a couple of saves you

if the cops hang on, let you deposit you gotta, be fucking creator

If you read all these guys stories to,

Joe Rogan you when it is

 

The hardest thing is what to do with all the cash think about that problem.

It's a real problem, no think about this room fill

hello, hello. What was the movie? I just what all this car? No, no, no! No! No! No! I just on a plane, you go when you're on a plane and Tom Cruise's on you got to give the benefit of the doubt. All I got another bill with me. I watch the Barry Seal thing. How was it?

it's not an academy award winner,

but it's very interesting when we're just burying money, Joe Rogan,

four million shop like me- and you are my yard, like

bearing money like a suitcase with one hundred

bills falling out of it, and you don't give a Frenchman's fuck

I was wanting to know this Snopes. This did Barry Seal die.

George Bush's phone number in his pocket? That's that we said and he died, they shot him on.

 

Way to the trial. What George Bush is phone number in his pocket? Well, he was top notch that guy he had it all. He seen it, but he took pictures

yeah of them loading are flocking. Plane

Nicaragua would ask

the box at the top in Nicaragua. They had him by the balls, no matter what our youth that took balls for can't

they flocked him in the areas they told that they wouldn't release the pictures. Then they released him pictures of his douche and that's why they got shot, that's fuckedup. They should have taken him and hitting him. He fought.

Interesting though they assassinated that guy, that's a one hundred percent assassination in connection to some sort of illegal

government, it was,

walking away with it legal. What are you talking about? That? Was

 

go bother saddened by or the message they had a deal were. Barracked seals could land all right like that. Wasn't part of the thing was with the people on the ground on the ground. That was in me in our house, but here's the problem. This is where the problem comes in right. They were landing in those everglades known quote me on right and he broke it down for me, and somebody else broke about may be honest with you

and they were allowing that on you

boys, Clock, Clinton, Clock, that's

does that lady read the whole thing, that's what you always be his drops out right. I don't know about true 'cause. The truth is fascinating. The truth is

two boys were murdered and the corner

official report they gave to the parents was that they had fallen asleep on the train tracks. So

The parents pay for some sort of an autopsy, and it's revealed that the kid

been stabbed in the one of them had been stabbed and

they find out that

 

on that same area was where those guys would drop their drugs before they landed. They would perish

down there drugs they would they would like and they would land and these guys they would draw

points where they would put their shift and then someone else would come by and pick it up on the ground yet cord and these kids apparently sauce.

Something they weren't supposed to see so they murdered murder. These kids with knives in in the corner was all in on it, so they had

conduct some sort of independence, so that is what got

so Barry seals things going. It was this

trying to figure out this parents trying to figure out what happened to kids. You know geography,

crazy stuff. You have to imagine okay, that these guys were getting. You know, let's just draw number one. I mean I'm just an idiot, but let's just throw number, they were probably getting four thousand dollars per kilo. What would they put on those planes and there was sending five

 

with those planes over a day and dropping him in Louisiana. This is going to listen and my told you one thousand times in the podcast and eight

the they found

the band dead next to a

go bag filled with cocaine in aspen CO in the mountains, because they were dropping the fucking Coke in the mountains and the bear weight. The Kocani Fuckin' oldies hard. What does this say?

Barry seal

sealed organize a sting operation where he managed to get photographs of Pablo Escobar, helping nicaraguan soldiers to load one thousand two hundred kilos of cocaine on to a seat, one hundred and twenty three military plane. Soon afterwards, Reagan went on television with a photograph to denounce sandinistas as drug smuggling corrupting talk, talk talk, but

how much he was getting for that four million eight hundred thousand, he was for one fuckin' low. Now here's the tricky thing: here's what here's! What really pisses me, the fuck off

 

that, I see narcos, and I see everything. But now this is your uncle Joey. Talking to you,

Rogan. Please show me the public bar. None at all, I'm not gonna, know, there's no good side. The bomb was caught by the same Lee Harvey Weinstein. This is a story that we have never brought up, but yeah

after was okay, you

you see all these shows in the whole fucking thing and they were in bed for sure with Nicaragua yeah who else was in bed,

after dealing me, ask you this. Do you think that it is the actual CIA or

yeah people or if it when it's not even say CIA Dea Fbi, made a bunch of fuckin' letters put together. The is it the

actual organization, whichever one it is, that's bringing it in. Are they complicit?

or are there just cowboys see? The theories always been that there's been these few cowboy

 

is corrupt guys. Maybe they get too close to drug deals to close to

drug deal and then sometimes they get seduced. I guess there's a many. Many stories of under conduct undercover cops, getting seduced by the actual life style of being a criminal young K.

It's probably a little crime themselves here there they see some cops doing some dirty shit. They see him some.

You know, there was a thing that came out about. Was it

Baltimore? What it? What is the city where cops head and it came out and trial that kept toy guns on them to plant at the scene of a of a crime,

They just decided shoot. So this is the municipal talking in a big picture, the big world picture, as

intelligent individual. As you are the plan,

plain and simple

the CIA

piece of their action

DEA was tricked into

going down that I really control of war. You can't be this,

night. I'm not saying you as well,

working. You can't be this dumb, so all the research that we've done all the research that we've done,

general n. He was in

 

The package with Barry seal the hole

I think it is what gets even deeper. Let's talk about the deep to sub that that nobody ever even looked at and you have to-

think of, because I heard this story one thousand times there was a guy by the name of Carlos laid there that that he got crazy

you know, they show him getting his dick sucked on the radio in

Columbia and everything, and all these tv shows no. He was on an island snorting,

help with long hair

Jim Morrison and having

three sons and the fucking

their. The old cartel gave

I dare up

to the law there to keep them off their back. It was five partners

it's me you'll, Jamie and Redban before

red bands out there doing videos of him snorting coke, with a fucking pigeon on his head. We can have this. They gave

 

be a Carlos that complex, calm things down for a while, when the in eighty three and eighty four when

He can send his troops down there. Don't quote me on

dates here, but I will tell,

is a professional cocaine sniffer? What was going on at eighty five, the price of cocaine went skyrocketing,

and it was a second thought. It wasn't because of cocaine.

Skyrocketing? It was because

cocaine was coming in, but the toughest part was getting the

alcohol into Columbia,

to process it.

Colombians had got a tip that the

troops were coming down the rate there jungles now what they have not told you in all these shows and research, but this is uncle Joe, is going to drop on. You is where do you think they took? What other

it took some labs to Nicaragua and they shipped

okay, not in Nicaragua, but guess who else

partner up with them too.

Your body, Fidel

 

That was shipping it in yeah he's going to be on the podcast in three weeks. I could you imagine, having fidelity, podcast, Shittu and Fidel you told my God. This whole book

That would have snipers and fuckin'. Everybody is Fidel. Just walked in with his suit, and you had to teach him like a UFC moving ship is for Dell would come in and ask you said: you're, no good deed, Mclemore SK who takes awhile 'cause. They were anyway

but they went series meant they would be a very nervous in the presence of a guy, like that Les Dennis said in in front of Congress that he was getting eight.

In two thousand he was given for Dell, eight hundred thousand a shipload to come in,

the his flag at the time she imagine being in the presence of Fidel Castro just being in his presence like if you was you know,

is prime, if you're in the room with him in his prime, no one how here and you have no, he took it over. You have no idea. He would be annoyed, this terrifying to be

 

the cuban American. You have to hate the guy,

the hate him

but as a man that thinks

to see what his path was crazy. Again, that's where my bed deejaying was comes in with a van I'm, not the hot.

Revolution, how

star the three different places at once,

the revolution it just wasn't. Eight monkeys

put on gorilla suit and went to the mountains in Cuba right he came to

there first got arrested when to Tampa got rest.

He was already passing out flyers. They always

Confused Lee Harvey Oswald. No, it wasn't Lee Harvey giving out pamphlets. It was Fidel Castro. Give Alba that's a joke.

Don't go to the CIA, it's a joke.

Right right, yeah, the

that show in Union City of Jersey. I can't tell you the date

like I have my friend call into the podcast and tell you the story about food.

 

Well talking to his mother other daily, when she would wait to get on the bus she was in the irish

in union city. If

because I know Fidel in nineteen thirteen. Fifty two in union city just think of what he did to the Italians. He kicked

everybody out. He did not give a fuck, because you could see. No you casinos mind. Now it was a very brilliant movie start in the mountains. He fought

He he you know he just took,

all the little villages

I'm going changed change minds because, first of all it was

easy thing for to them.

The door, but Easter was really fucking. The country he had

we divided the country? You have no,

I deal with racism was told you were in Cuba in nineteen fifty five black

people weren't allowed in casinos. You have no

these poor people today

he's crying about. You have no idea what black rights were in Cuba for those black Vulcan people. They got no rights, so those people were poor

 

There was such a high level of

I thought you see all these people dancing, but

the other side. There was

locking famine, why people flocking diet, so they wanted to change, fit

well- came in there as a hero, first of all

he came. Is Cuba was going to change, but then he

Wichita lineman and he

alignment, Russia and he began

what that's what made it worse. That's what made it

First, racism in hunger has all

existing cube. It did that that was the problem

that they always showed that party side of Cuba

but that other side of the island. But there was people starving, wow and Batista come on

but these are how they keep up the tobacco production. That I don't know I don't know

We still think of that Joey, but not all that they had the best cigars in the world that people complaining now that they're not the same cigars. There's some people

complain about a lot of people getting frauds. Apparently, apparently, when you

 

my cuban cigars from Untrust Suntrust E people. You could definitely get some fakes is now they're talking about how the soil is rich,

people go. There is an expert to Bobby Kelly

Kelly. A real expert

he was an ARI fear's podcast. They were talking about cigars, Bobby

really knows his like he was. He was going in depth about how many

fake, cigars. There are and how he could even kind of taste a fake cuban. He smoked. So many cigars

I thought maybe want to ours, was fake, as it might be faking. It goes no. I think this is real. I think this,

He's like that discerning about that ship

there's a lot of weird freaks when it comes to cigars, like people

super into they get they get you high as fuck too. This is something that people are talking about.

You smoke a cigar woo, that's you! So

much nicotine in their video had the cuban coffee to it. Oh, my god, how the whole process is supposed to go down with the cuban coffee in swedish cigar and you go deep, deep, deep

 

yeah. It only needs a little taste of inedible and a half alpha, brain and you'll, be there you'll get there Jack

People rebel smokes it with sometimes with cigarettes in it. We did it the other night in the back of the comedy store with cigarette.

And I've tobacco in ten minutes ago with thc who you get elevated,

it was. It was interesting. I got one time from San Francisco to Reno one time from

reference is going to Reno. Dog cops were looking for me in San Francisco and you go.

To the any of those tourist districts and they have like a bus.

Take you Reno, so I just jumped on the bus to Reno at this check, and with this is one thousand nine hundred and eighty five was sitting the bus and then

this egyptian kid. I never forget this and the back of the UK

smoke on the bus in those days cigarettes so he had rolled about

 

lunch with Hash weed and tobacco in it does, and I

I've done that before guys, I'm not gonna lie. I had never. Even I took two hits of that.

Fucking thing dog out of puking up.

I got high as fuck

a combination together, the back this weed yeah hash, he

the real hash I yeah that's too much for Uncle Joey. That's a bit. Much for Uncle Joey

this time I ever smoked a spliff with Charlie Murphy, Charlie Murphy rolled them. His is

Richard Roll into Charlie could roll,

We take a Swisher, sweets old school. You know any kind of cigar paper

turn it into a joint with the cigar paper, which is like

you inhale weed, you never really inhaled those cigars. You, you can just kind of get in your mouth. In your book. You tasted the blow it out, but we need to take a drag a we,

you open your lungs up and fill your lungs with smoke? Cigars,

 

it's too harsh for that you don't don't don't smoke like

for the most part most people don't, but when you do it with pot, you do

So you get this car really easy, blasted, nicotine and the core rate easy blast, a weed and you're like wow role, it's very different than just weed. I think I spoke to yeah last known the park S as I took two hits off from the main game. We will I like those, and it was pretty folks get a house.

I'm scared of I'm scared

like the ones with the cigarettes in am I'm scared

no? No, no, no! No smoke. No, no

not smoking cigarettes, but the ones with cigarettes and it's an interesting little high. It's like

So this is a new door to the room.

It's interesting! That's! What like smoke and one of the hardest things I ever gave up were smoking cigarettes after you smoke a joint.

That is just pure brilliant. When you hit a fucking joint and you take a little sip of coffee and after you smoke that toots

 

but you lied Upper Marlboro's life, it's life, Fuckin', changing bro. I know

a lot of people love him after a real good meal or the whole, it's the whole package. So it isn't my God,

We had a meal and mail, a joy and then,

cigarette

I've heard another cigarette in a cup of coffee. On top of that and some dessert

set another cigarette, you have no fucking idea. Cigarettes can is shut down. Please, let's get this show everybody. I can't smoke in my Tony's hooked, my blood pressure,

two thousand over eighty Tony says he can quit anytime now you can now you can now fella, and you know,

What was the best one. What I realized was to

years ago I shot something an I smoke that night I asked one of the camera guys. Let me talking give me a cigarette and that next morning,

I realize how really fucking bad. They are

terrible all how many you have one two two cigarettes

 

Marlboro lights and I was fine that night

We did one night at a comedy club and I was like what the fuck is going on like every now and then I want to smoke the fuck

no no. I never do it again after that night in Chicago and never do it again. I took one of Tonys once before his show the interesting cigarette

interesting. Doesn't it does a weird little thing? The address it does? It does one of the reasons. Why did this? Because I read something about neutral picks. Talking about different vitamin like what's good for brain function and one of

things. They said that nicotine, nicotine is actually a nootropic and that they found that some people

the use of tobacco with the use of tobacco. They achieve

like a an elevated state of like certain functions of the brain like it actually

it has some sort of a small measurable effect, so it really does

like the way your brain works, see for me, it's different. I have to catch it's the combination, yeah, that's for me,

 

hello. I would just enjoy right now. You say goodbye self, but Sir, with the weed, but if that coffee was brewing hot right now and it was made

three hundred and sixty degrees outside with a little bit of wind and sunlight? Will you know when you stand out in the sun? You warm when you're in the breeze, your little cool yeah you go outside and I

join us, some fuckin' tremendous refa with the sun hitting your face and Utah

and I said of a cigarette all combined or even or even like. I like what I do. I do a cup of coffee

Papa Fuckin', the little nicotine gum to give you

got some blood prior to make

depression, medication. On top of that, all together it all works out. You don't say if you take him apart, nothing really happens, I get it, but together, that's where you put them a fungo in yeah. For me, it's

small shot of Jack Daniels N

in one to two hits of a joint

 

or comedy shorts stuff from my little just a little.

To taste, yeah, just a little unites

one hit, is really preferred. So smart move two heads if you're feeling

I Didn'T- do it. I gotta do the tequila VR, nine hundred and three points, not bad! Oh, would you

weight watchers. You belong in the weight watchers. I wanted. I started December. Ninth, I

from three hundred and nine to two hundred and ninety six over x, but you know what bro his his this stupid thing. Joe Rogan is the dumbest thing in the world. I guess

I'm tired of people saying how clean that diet was. You don't know dick

until you go to weight watchers, and this is the only thing with the new weight watchers. Is you run it's different? It's MIKE dolce, oh, ok! So the

the Chechens, chicken, breast right, chicken breast. I come to your house tonight,

you go Joey when he wanted me to chicken breast

 

just a marination! I gotta watch how you marinated, but who got zero piece of salmon zero gots beans, all types zero corn,

zero cross money or what costs points? Beef, beef, beef does

nineteen for interested pushes over. No, no, no, no! No! No! No! But if you look at it, if you look at it, bro check this out

You know you do a jiu jitsu than thirty minutes. Sixteen fucking boys.

Fit in an extra points. You add points I tried thinking about him with the second guy smart, with a second guys and kind of bounds. I'm swinging bats. I'm hitting the bag

walking around the park, I'm still gaining weight, something

right, so it's the blood to bother hello butter

like I leave. My piece of wheat toast with my

 

eggs already for this are off the other way ready for this watch, throwing away the toast in just eating the butter. I don't like. I gotta, have my thoughts, show up yeah but eat the butter butter,

good for you to. If it's crazy thing, I get a yolks.

I don't agree yeah. I hate that

knowing what some might call around them. You had a bit about that. No, no there's a thing in the news yesterday, where they're saying the people only eating egg whites is a tremendous health. Loser lights site, listen! Five! You

to go. It don't take a moron to tie twenty years ago. Nobody was getting concussions, nobody,

get the show. Nobody

who's, getting their feelings hurt, especially men. All of a sudden I saw

for started eating egg whites, and I saw a big rise and people having a hard time getting their wives pregnant. All of a sudden, I saw commercials about erectile dysfunction. Men never talked about having men talked about the

 

I did some Blodia night- and I didn't get my dick hard now, all of a sudden there's a commercial on national tv on prime time

unfucking, guys saying that and also

it's started a drop that low testosterone and I'm telling you dog one thing about Uncle Joey

I've always loved egg yolks. I don't

like I don't even like mixing them. I think it's bad foot really

I don't even like scrambled eggs how eat him if you make, if you make

nice to me when little sour cream and a little mill

Pandora.

I like it, but I don't like this prison, I gotta see the yolk

I got a rule when you take me for breakfast, I always got to see the yolk, so I cut around

The other way just said to me even coming here for a long time. You do not touch the white and she goes. I mean you do not touch it

I have become like a surgeon with that knife. I get the yolk perfectly since I take that wheat toast. Now

 

I don't even eat the whole tube slices in windows. Only a half a week toast I take one,

hey YO, can put on one side and I eat

dangling Robert Deniro ate the Fuckin' Egan in Angel heart when he won

scary, Mickey walking he just that's. Why I do it. I put a p

bacon in my mouth and I take the other piece of wheat. Toast put the egg

joke on that. I take the other piece of bacon.

Laid my fruit and that's fucking it

I got. Eighty t a yoke filled: yeah yeah, okay, I usually three egg yolks, but you could also

scramble for eggs, get a tortilla put black beans and salsa all that cost. You is the

A dog for

You can have a four,

point break this. I need a bowl of fruit again brand, no dog, it's amazing! It's a great scene! There's a great sale holds creepy fingernails member two zero years of use. Aj among

 

So if these two guys were such mother fockers its so funny how crazy? I don't believe that mumbo jumbo I mean that that these guys were the

last night. He just told you believe that the egg is the sims

the soul of some religious. Look, you see

I, but his face

he's eating that egg show me that again,

that's a look at Mickey Rourke phrase. It will make it work with shipment pick handsome fella yeah, but poor Fuckin' Mickey look at his face.

Not exaggerated. That's the devil.

That's about as good as a human being is ever going to do an impression of what the devil would look like. If was human, being serious,

they wouldn't be fooled by the who else played the devil,

Al Pacino,

potato when you do those crazy devil ranch run around every movie had to have a rent

 

right. He went,

the whole period of time, whereas brands were so powerful. They like how wow here's, where we're going to hit the ramp right here like his rants, were fucking phenomenal. I mean how Pacino is Scarface right.

Me who is who has more epic screaming rants in film history, then

but you know I'd, say zero, but I tell you something else about Pacino Noble

The is hard everyone on tv learn how Pacino he smacked

sister in Scarface and he smacked that chick.

The godfather, when she told me she had an abortion yeah,

like can relax. He really had a blast of dude. It looks scary like he looks like he hit. I give looks

 

give you an actress and you never get hit like that before you do, like all my god. He Amber Stephen, Green and Allie Mcgraw yeah. That was real. That was that was really wasn't, especially in the seat. Right smack the just out of principle here see Nancy J. I we showed force.

Before so repetitive, none of the weed folks, that's what you get. You get the fun stuff, but you also get off plate memory about a thousand. They also said they also. I also heard that function to their role played at the Dracula. Yeah.

You show that more or no, no, no Gary Oldman, I'm very sorry. No, but didn't Denira play the Dracula in something node prank Frankenstein did Nero played. Frankenstein once was really good. I was terrible movie.

It was one of those ones

like wait, what it was weird,

I was pretty good as a monster, though he's are real actors that played the devil well movies

What was Kaiser so say he wasn't in devil, right, yeah, Muzzy, sure, well, a lot of people, Jennifer Love Hewitt played the devil Jesus Christ

 

Ritter play the devil. John Ritter did a couple episodes of Newsradio

one whole bottle look at Vincent Price Bro.

Who was fuckking system.

He really was some

those movies. He did like two movies that really scared. The shit outta me yeah. What did

do which movies did he do there? Two,

trying to remember. There was a lot of

really fun movies back then that if you watch today, you like what the hell he was definitely on Batman right. What was he on Batman?

house on haunted Hill there's there's this thing house of wax. That was a big one house of wax was a big one.

The last man on earth. He was always

It was like thought of that, like real good, creepy actor guy, we

good and scary movies. What's

 

does Imdb. I wonder if he was in a bad man. Yeah yeah yeah was if he was in that nice

he was in something. Let me find how guy gets like synonymous with genre movies, like Vincent Price, you think about all scary movies. You know there's a few guys like that.

You think of their name. While scary movie, you know

John Romero scary movie. You know dawn of the dead that film

No tv on his name right, John Romero.

Now John Romero did want that employs Romero. John Romero is a guy who was a game developer in the early days of doom. He was within software.

Like doom and quake in those kind of

George Romero was the guy that on paper,

actually started this whole zombie fucking shit much right when we were kids, he had to do all dead and the other one, the other.

As was seen.

 

In one of those that had to be one thousand nine hundred and seventy five. I was

b, twelve years old, maybe

fifteen one of those came out

took a his acid and we all went to the movie theater on a Saturday, take the number

or must to Jersey City, and they would play

these movies dawn of the dead.

Something else. Night of the living dead, fucking creeped out night of the living dead was

first one and there's one scene where the black guys going for the helicopter just chopped his head off. Jesus

in Christ. I run out of both both movies were scared. The leverage I don't know how

many times. I took the number one bus to go to

Jersey City, then a journal square. There was a

with a dog. That's why I saw

Pryor live at the sunset Strip, the first time on a Friday night, I got stabbed

that's when I saw you

stab they got caught. I still got the Scott

That's where I saw the pink Panther movies that was

 

first John right into getting high and

going to the movies like I know I

It is all the movies in North Bergen to Union City 'cause I

been to one of my mother's friends or some

so me and my little gold bonds figured out. If we went to Jersey City, we could get on the

this call little drama get a six pack.

Will it four ways and smoke a joint and going

movies wheezing gaggle neck, like an

we also went down to the sea. The groove tube Kentucky Fried movie.

Kentucky Fried Movie was a John Rhe.

Star wars, Saturday night live

and there was a movie put together by a bunch of sketches, but one

famous sketches is there in the courtroom and the

Japan there's a guerrilla fights people up yeah, they would just say different, stupid things and a

 

Okay guy- I guess yeah those loony there ten days from now or do this movie today, you too, but this was on HBO. We were killed. The Iraq Jamie,

yeah. This is on HBO, so you had it

talk your mother into getting HBO because grooved.

Kentucky Fried movie is going to be on and they were hilarious could never have this movie today. Yes, you couldn't getting triggered. Yes, you could. You could

They don't have the balls to do this movie tonight. Girls are getting.

Pie. Look at this look at this look at this shit this.

It's crazy! You can never do this in a movie today and regular movie. They would never allow that Catholic high school girls in trouble and the

Bangor on the shower and use your pressed up against glass like will live Jim at least everything american pie was not. I mean it's not a sketch thing, but it wasn't too far different now, but

even american pie, I think you'd struggle to do that. Now. I think.

Climate she no! No. No, we could. Still, apart of America, loves this type of humour joke.

 

Okay, no! No! That's trying that they took F1 grid girls out of formula one racing grade grid girls like

them out and now they're petitioning to take octagon girls out

and ring card girls there's

like we need to stop this like they're like what are you talking about this? How we make a living stupid like what who is the

rectification of women. I think, if you,

have chippendales and you can have

chevron card boys see who gets hired Joey what happened

I am just as people are crazy people. You know you are you. You made a point the other day with those two young men that uh and I don't want to quote

You said something about there's a somebody got mad at PETE

with a vagina hats

 

black lives matter well with transgender transgender's were mad because of represents the Womans March. Not everyone who is a woman has a vagina that was. There are upset

Prince Transphobic Fuckin' as much as an American as you want, I'm fucking done, I'm done

done. I don't know what else to do anymore. I mean three months ago

uh. The fucking some guy came out with a brilliant movie, Stephen King, that scan everybody that he not

It was number one film about clown yeah.

And all of a sudden there was a parade. You know they got together, clowns, marched and protection of clowns, because

This that movie came out a bunch of clowns lost, lost their jobs in the spring Lake there were booked for the fall, the

Well, you know well

into something. Now, that's just totally out of control,

the Amy Schumer saying with the Xeon sorry I read done you know

 

you try to not avoid everything, but it's right in front of you know,

today, there's something else. I'm waiting

you just waiting for the fucking shoot

every day I am going.

Continue to be who I am Jaro,

and you should have on stage I don't

We give a fuck about sensitive. I can't understand.

I cannot have time. I feel you I think about it. I would I also watch the podcast,

of you with Brenda

and Brian, and-

talked about something that didn't happen to know know. It did happen to me where I was at a child children school at a fair,

and- and I tried to turn it into a bit- I just couldn't sell it.

To be funny.

This playing in front of me, and I

I could tell there was something not right with the child and some other child,

ultimate fagot and the kids mother came

not sure not a fagot he's a trans gender and then

 

The came up to me, I'm high, as fuck old you doctor

This is three months ago. Okay, this is

want to go out of park. You know before you go to those events, you get tuned up. How can you put by zine in your eyes and you go down and you try to be as nice as you can as a parrot, but you try to avoid talking to a lot of people. Your wife does

all the talking you just sit,

the film wave, the people hi. How are you things on the when the G there yeah, but she that you just you just watching the girls you try to do that, but there's always something up those events that you get back in the

How would your wife and go MRS Grogan?

What the fuck was that about and then they'll break it down? For you tell me I'm lying to you at everyfuckingthing, it's like you. You were talking about the

people believe in the earth that there was no Adam and Eve. That's why

I'm starting to when you

so tell him that bit. I don't know what the

 

He would talk about what would you hang out with his blast? This is what he had with this poor bastard, but now that I have a child, that's five, I'm getting out to see

from people's views that are my age and this lady,

the man gave me a hold of you beat how the kids

fifteen. They have my medication

he's known, he was a woman, since he was nine and that uh, but then

Fuct up Joe Rogan. She said she always wanted a girl anyway, no Jesus, but you got

we're talking about something about. There was somebody

in trouble for a three year old, giving them blocking Seattle, not about that world. I know nothing. Owen, Benjamin got in trouble get fired from his agency; they dropped him because he was tweeting a bunch of shed about someone using hormone blockers on a three year old he's like this

it's crazy? What I listen to that day and where I live,

I thought my head was blow up and when she came over and explained

 

why he was going to be a trend again. Well, here's the thing I think its trade jabs behaving. Here's my thing for kids behave in a certain way. Let him keep

behaving that way. You'll have fun.

Growth hormones in the you know even know. What's going to happen, when you do that, you're gonna change, who he is so

you're telling me that he has this urge to take hormones that are not native in his body. In the same amount sees this urge to do this, so we should just let him do it. No

urge to be identified as a woman like

You don't even have to do anything to do that. If

decide you identify as a woman, most people going to be cool with it

we're, saying that a child has to take

some chemicals in the middle of their

Now mental cycle is the only way we can do this. This is a smart way.

This is a smart way when they're, six or sixteen or whatever it is that's crazy that doesn't

makes sense from a developmental standpoint like I'm, not a scientist, but I understand enough about the stage

Is that the human being goes through before reaches adulthood and you're, not really

 

completely formed until you're, like twenty years old or twenty five years old, or something like that. It's like the frontal cortex, doesn't form

twenty five, so you decision making is always a little weird. You know

what the they want to be a fifteen or sixteen. Oh, no, it's six or three

oh, so she said that he knew it nine come on and I went home and I told my

why my wife, so we don't watch watch, show show every week a in the

but kids that want to you know make the channel is

it doesn't matter. It's just

I'm trying to

to tell you that I'm finding out about ship now that, but you know it's weird, it's like

why. Why does if someone feels a certain way they feel they are certain way. Why do they have to take chemicals to achieve

a new state like what what is

is we like the identify with being a woman, so they have to take chemicals to reach this state. I think man, if I was a per

 

and who is a transgender person? Listen to me talk I'd, be like shut the FA cup. You don't know shit about the battle of cheered. If you listen to this, but

all I'm saying. Is it

is a very unusual situation. It's very unusual. I don't think it's a bad thing, but I think that

Doing it to someone who really can't fully make up their mind yet,

just seems,

insanely risky and what what could happen?

to the kid could be terrible and people have made success

transitions when they transitioned in their 30s. You don't have to do it when you're. Six, if you want to be a true,

gender person in union 30s. Sure,

 

you're twenty or whenever we decide that a human being is rationally capable of making full life decisions that are instrumental yeah. That's what I thought that was like make some good decisions, sixty nobody or at twenty one or twenty five, doesn't mean that someone at sixteen who thinks they're a woman couldn't absolutely become one later and be super happy with it. That's not I'm not saying that's not possible either, like everything is possible. There's a thing for everybody and if that

is what you feel like is you're your thing. You want to be that that's is it's who you identify with and you

so you have every right. You have every right to

so what you're saying about you know me drugs. I did between sixteen and twenty.

A it's not funny. You did a lot of drugs from the time I met you shoot

The fact that you were on schedule before that. No, but I'm talking about like I, I try

to stay away like I was a karate guy like you and the kids

Karate

 

Saturday's. They were geeks. We the went to a martial art festival. We competed,

We went to a karate movie or we went to war.

Honda, the martial arts supply

this places is so we saved our money,

Why would you want to go to movies and see the five deadly hands? Not not

We got to save our money, we're going to Honda next week to buy a caboodle tonfa like we would

is by like the ones that you hold yeah with the just. So you know I don't

who your money who who drawn would be drawn. This is what, if you

look at, have you know to write chinese letters yeah? If you look at those old,

chinese things. They all had this out. If that's how you wrote karate, that's

How old is karate like that

so you would. I know all about this. You would buy the the handle that

 

I would hold yeah.

You, wouldn't take one dollar when they had the wood in the top, they had four inches of canvas and you would stand in front of

You must you are on a marquee, Juara yeah. They would have liked, though you would get nice guys with really all my gosh in there now we would save our money. We we geeks that's what we did the twelve, but that

little goon bars in my neighborhood and when they were twelve, they did something completely different. They went behind the school and they would roll one joint and put it in a piece of glass tube and and light it up and we were drink, boones farm

the fruit should not get beauty. So I didn't know who to hang out with so I would have to be like a double agent. That was a tough job for me as a twelve year old, hi tech. In our my karate skills, I have right. I like going to competitions,

I like doing forms I like doing the semi contact competitions where you couldn't take above the head,

 

Those are good for kids, but you don't like it anyway, but you still kick the kids get this qualified, but funk- and I think the majority just say you know, people did this is in life was simple. For me, this is so I had to

yeah decision, because the Kung FU kids didn't get no policy. They just wanted to

let's see if they would talk about girls and they maybe had a crush

the girl in the four hundred and thirty class. But then the rest of the company of the events

my other buddies, weren't, the Puzzy. So eventually I cut the karate frocking geeks out

and I started hanging out with the little druggies and you make it

transition from

developmental ages. Like I tried to hide my drug use, I tried the

especially the marijuana use for two

three years. It was just a lot wow

Then, once I became a freshman got its start back

The my freshman year, I decided to

let's venture out into this acid thing,

we

 

It's venture into this masculine thing. It was a diff

name, it was masculine, but it really wasn't mescaline shower Joe Rogan. It was a

it would know, was the

and it was a little thing I did the same

isn't it paoli, but compound

what they sell you in the south right, they suppose we put into keyless on to diss sound right yeah. This is something that too little white kids made an appeal or was

poison with something else and

something else, and it was very tiny. It was maybe a little size of this. That's it and it came out,

for

even smaller than that even smaller than that.

Way, small that those thing that that's it

you paid eighty dollars for it and you got one hundred of those and you start

for three dollars apiece and that would fuck you up.

The six hours with a two hour Hayes,

 

between an hour buffer and I want to come down, and I did that for three or four months then they introduced me to thc crystal. Where

Snorting states sold it. As

we do. Is we get a bunch of stems and seeds from the reefer? We put it in a pot and we boil that pot

and whatever separate from the stems in the seeds that goes to the sides

scrape that off and that's where you snort your notes on my god

so I was I was. I have like a

karate rule.

But I will always just smoke it and do the masculine, but I was never going to put nothing in my nose.

Oh, you had a rule like a drug addict, put something I know exactly. That's it like that's a complete different range I'll, never

The move was best Roddy man as a karate man

rather morals yeah. I was just

straight away with the roof,

 

and then I finally ended up snorting that fucking gorilla biscuits shift is that's what it was. It was angel dust they just like. They just told you and I wanted Asian the stair,

every Sunday me and my friend Carlos Perez would buy a six pack.

Michael, the only

Michelot is food. Good friends tonight is kind of special to appear. With the

here will pour must say something more valuable, quality and eyes. Long Brown there, cologne by we talked about

well? No, we would we would drink lowbrow lowbrow that one we would get a six pack of lowbrow and fuckings

I want a ten dollars package of thc.

Crystal and mother would go to the track on Sundays. So I knew she wouldn't come back till seven

so me and him with snow on it as soon as my mother step foot in that caught eleven

being hit with a and we snort it, and then fucking,

 

just sit around like then be fuckin' zombies all day yeah, but that

is a development, and then I went after my mom died. I just want a narset tab for Fuckin' that a year

God knows what was in those God goddamn things, God fucking, though

commercial. Oh, this is, oh, my god look at that guy

how about lower brow wow. This is like a sketch.

Truly great american beer. Why does it have american name, mother fucker? What are you embarrassed embarrassed

from here

can be a lowenbrau.

Parking lot at least drink lower browser shift. Actually it isn't american beer right. That's like steep Ameo chick keep your fucking real name that is still in his American as it gets, is still around long bro. I don't know, but if they said,

 

but that was their name and they started the beer company and it didn't change your name, that's as american as it gets. So I'm wrong. I shut the up if it even looking up at the german brewery, liars liars,

liars lying about American American made

they make a lot of american american plants make a lot of cars. Now that you think are japanese cars like Toyota Tundras. They make him in Texas to make a bunch of money. Two

That's weird right, like you, think you buying a honda, you think you're definitely buying.

Japanese car, if you think, you're buying

some american cars it might be a mexican car. How crazy is that like what?

he's making their cars down in Mexico. I think they, I think they closed a couple

plant. I think Toyota was down there and somebody else for awhile, but here's the thing if they put him down in Mexico, but they gave american money like the

levels of american money, that's in Mexico. They would stop doing it. A lot.

 

Wow? Look at all these different ones. Chrysler has three plants, forestry plants, three plans for plants, my

there's one they do it down there 'cause it's cheaper, lish,

I guess they have to do

you got to do and I'm sure it helps the community, because I know it does. I know people that have had manufacturing down in

countries and they do it for the cheap, but it does help the people like there's some places that don't have much

What's arguable is like. Why is

living like a western person so important when these people

live in their own way.

Thousands of years. It's just they just didn't, have like

the crazy infrastructure and all the that we had. They don't have the crazy cities and you know other other

in a few cities in Mexico like Mexico City, so they would go put

plants and like. Why is it doing

I mean, I'm all for people being able to work, but is that better?

it is a better than the way they were living before when they were living like indigenous people or live in like villagers are live in like treats people or whatever they did to get by. I don't know

 

Maybe let's go back to the whole situation here.

Still remember 'cause, I'm a little older than you. I still remember. Where was kind of starting to get taboo, if you bought a Fahrenkopf yeah

like. I am that old ways that

I still remember the law mid 70s.

I still remember when Toyota advertised on Nissan Advertise, the car for

one thousand eight hundred and ninety five and I will go

you forty dollars in the bank. I could buy one of those. It was

One thousand five hundred hours stupid like a corolla or something yeah.

I still remember. There was a time in this country when

you bought off with you on the first person on this block

you showed up with a foreign car. You got a little bit of grief, you got a little bit of grief and then

it felt like they sold themselves have felt

we dropped the ball at some point as Americans as the

 

I don't know what happened to Detroit and all that

I know that. Where is the Hyatt?

population of Puerto Rico in this country. I don't know you think it's the Bronx, but it's not.

It's: a suburb outside of Cleveland White.

Is in the 50s they took,

much of Puerto Ricans and put him into this suburb to work at the car plants.

Plant shut down there. We

ended up going other places and whatever and blah blah blah and blah blah blah, and then the foreign cars started. Kicking are fucking asked. Why again, I don't know was it. The workmanship was at the quad.

Really, all I know is if I got a fuckton Toyota, I could

with eighty thousand miles without stopping to get gas in science

you as a consumer as the

can you want to buy

products and you want to buy american made products you

also there's a

places now like

Mexico we,

 

we have places to in Indiana we had

Toyota has a couple places and they

bring it back. I mean fuck it. Let's some

it also we trade. We

summer, Toyota stuff, which is a what kind of car they the japanese or chinese

Japanese, Japanese yeah and let

some of ours should get made over there. That's part of! Is it nap? That's North american, North American

trade agreements, so that so that's just. I think I think I'm just talking on my answer, but I think that's just us, Mexico and Canada. So when we build a car in Mexico, it's a lot cheaper, develop that car because of the rate yeah

the people at the papal blessing cheap to get land. These people are made

what's going on down there or not as much going on down there, obviously is they doing american some black, some like heavily populated cities, and so they can

for people much less money and they do it. There's a lot of plants.

That's funny. But here's the thing like it's. The real question is: do you

 

this is just going to elevate these people and they're eventually going to catch up with the western world and live the way

that we're living right now in the United States like there's, ultimately a possibility of that or

are we saying well we're always going to have these people that we treat less good and we just always

keep them in that position. They're never going to get any better. I mean which one is it it's

one of those two things or I mean it could

possibly be that people just want schitt cheaper

so bad they don't care, they don't care, they don't care. If you guys

can a dollar a week or whatever

they make. How much do they? If you had a gas

how much does someone in a uh,

automobile plant in Mexico make as opposed to american worker. I'm sure someone must have done some sort of a study. It's weird man.

As if they were doing the exact same thing on this patch of dirt would go. What you can't pay that little

then you say: oh, but down there, everything is cheaper and

these people an opportunity like why is it better? Here's the question?

 

why is it better than the way they have always been living in Mexico?

hours for our workers, make forty thousand dollars suvs

two dollars an hour? Jesus Christ

which imagine a person working all day and you hand them sixteen dollars. You, sir, are a piece of shit.

Could you imagine. Guy busts

is asked on an assembly line all day. You give him sixteen dollars. Fuck, you that's crazy, started one dollar and ten cents an hour.

Oh, my god, it dollar an hour. You make more prison. That is ridiculous.

And that's mexican money. That's american money, a dollar a day, two dollars an hour. Maybe it's like the translated Joe again

for, but it's it's just it

the idea, is that if you're always going to be able to always be able to make more money like these people have

idea in a lot of these corporations of unlimited growth they just want to

 

only growing growing growing. It's some people, think

is very dangerous idea because of your your bottom line,

for companies to always outdo every quarter at a certain time, people start get desperate

they start cutting environmental corners or cut, and research corners are doing whatever they have to do to keep

bottom line down and keep their profits coming in, and that's what you can say about like these prescription drug companies, people

I think these companies are evil their companies. Their job

is to make money. Okay and they're, caught up in a storm with they're allowed to make legal money, and this legal money is

King Sub Stanshall, it's a giant amount of money. These pharmaceutical companies make on opiates of people are dying and left and right, Shelly, left and right. This is one

 

the craziest unspoken epidemics. The human race scene for Oklahoma had no idea for how you the truth on everything I still talk to my drug dealers. There were good to me when I needed them and from month to month I stood

Armenian still talk to Dan sleazy. In fact not sleazy just did a big movie on a couple of lines with big movie. That's awesome! They do what they do. I do what I do. I have a family. I got a call from the Armenian Isambard at Ralphs yeah

that he did. You see do about the Armenians, so my favorite based on the army and it rows he gave me a hug and saw with his kids- are kids are huge. Now you know how many times

met him with his kids and he would put an eight ball in my.

Yeah. I've been in that position. So now

groceries and hug them, and he would you mind if I call you later, you know- and I go sure call me whatever you want, and he goes

 

Do you? Where do you live in? I told me because I live here. Can I make sure I want to assure

question I didn't know:

I thought he was going to ask me if I still did blow. I didn't know. You know I'm good, I'm good and when I went to men

feed him when he wanted to know was he goes your comedian in there. I just wanted to ask if you know anybody who who get built then I go. I got xanax at the house, you're free to take him. He does not

I don't know I'll talk in pain, oxy or whatever. Again I shook his hand. I gave my younger brother, I don't know nobody yeah weekly,

I told him I'll ask 'cause. I do

the guy kind this. Why do Nollywood right? I called him MIKE

Well, we clearly are meeting called me and he got it, but you know I'm sorry hold on and I

 

then I looked when I called his white dude and he called me back and he said uh give me a couple days. You know, and he called me back and what he told me was my modeling. Would I the prices? How much is getting of what you pay for pharmaceutical? He hit me back and he told me three numbers on the phone with three:

different names of what this guy had and I'm not a drug dealer. I called the I mean I just said: listen to what he told me. This is what he wants and the guy goes. Ok,

no tell him until we can get one thousand number. I could not believe the amount of money for these pills. Really, though, I never was a big pill head, but oh my god, the black market for pills,

 

is fucking giant Normous, and I knew this kid Nollywood will come true. I know him. Fifteen years he's a big

Jujitsu guy, and they opened up the door and they can't close it. It is my body

When you pay for bills,

Well, you know what happened right. You know where it all started. Well, this is what happen

first of all, there are obviously very addictive. Second of all, something happened in Florida.

Where they allowed people to get the mail clinic prescription, pain clinics everywhere there was basically what off track betting is for

handling. That was heroin sales. So you would just walk into several minutes: Joie, every

he's got an ache. You know,

sometimes my fucking neck. Bothers me. After a couple of podcasts, I need to get a little oxy, my back just

can't sleep there you go have some oxy, they would have a pharmacy attached to it

actors, office town of three

two hundred was flooded with nearly twenty one million pain pills as a dick.

 

Crisis, worsened lawmakers, say: whoa, a town,

three thousand two hundred people was flooded with twenty one million pain, pills, town, West, Virginia Jesus Christ, people in

in those towns like from the wild

and wonderful west of West Virginia. What is that? The white Suv

member that wonderful, what kind of the whites of West Virginia Xanax,

whatever the little ones.

A the little ones for anxiety. You know when I anxiety I get them lately before I get

if I haven't gone on the road for a while. I realized that Thursday morning, all my God, Joe Rogan as we get ready, I keep thinking like I'm, not packed them right right. I forgot something. I forgot the holes and sleep apnea

and I've been by half of it, and you know what I even fall asleep. I got

when I fall asleep, but on the road people give me weird creepy

 

it is so now I just go to Webmd and you look for pill indicator and, if

something good I'll save it

so I got it if, if I had an emergency of I'm lonely one night or something yeah Papa these little pills on the you know why

my dog when they told me to put like I knew when I was a kid I,

go to central allowed to Washington Square Park and I could get eight ten milligram valium with the v in the middle

that's the real deal when you going to fund itself and they got a v in the middle cut out all the Shyt MAC Daddys, I could get eight of those for ten dollars and there were ten milligrams. Here's the question

do you think if it was legal, more or less people to use it for the same Whyyou,

 

district point something Thursday. I'm curious, why you gambling drugs pills

you give people the green light. Dog were fucking work right,

creatures of habit were

all gonna fucking guy. Some of us are going to control it. Listen to some people are getting

the surgery next surgery like itself, a? U thrown away.

The vicodin and there's other people that take that prescription

two years later there shooting heroin,

I don't understand it. I think different, I think, have different hold

are jeans bro, there's some

hold it like pain, I'm not one of 'em, but there's some people that genuinely like it. They get pleasure out of it. What kind of paint do you like? I mean what kind of pain? I don't think this one, this computer. This is the question. I think they think there are syndromes where an it's probably fairly common terms. It's not just one person is like several people that point out that

 

actual like pleasure, like a serotonin burst from certain certain of pain pain, they don't. I don't think they feel it is with the way we fill it.

And so there was trying to do things themselves and they say that some of the people to get like a lot of piercings have that some

So they get a lot of tattoos have that they start to feel the wanna feel it more. So they want it burn it into themselves. It- and I don't I'm not obviously not a psychologist, but it's

apparently pretty common theory and

I want to talk to you about it once the podcast

a list of podcasts where you were talking about 'cause. I wanted to do some really tell you the truth. The podcasts are you talking about that? Maybe some of Jones John Jones actions. We call

my head injuries could easily bent. I tell you not not caused by not could easily, but would be a fact. I got a taste and Joe Rogan again. Well, let's go back to abuse from gambling of pills

 

The mind with cocaine is a very tricky yeah and it takes a year off

you just telling you this from experience, because I learned a lot about nootropics from you. I don't really know much about it, but Romonosky sent me too.

Who is judge the shakes that nuro one the orange juice flavored spaceship? That got me in a new trobec when I got off cocaine that came in the mail and I really dragging that Intel nobody, my secret

because I knew especially for a guy like me

Jon Jones is twenty six years old he's a phenomenal fighter. I didn't think

really had anything to do with anything. I think it was

when you're on cocaine in that year, after cocaine takes the pleasure patterns. Out of your mind,

How did your brain website design? Ratona melatonin? I don't know, don't correct me on this, but I feel that

 

it, took me a year to eighteen months. For me, this become a human again and I haven't gotten hit in the head. Not since I was

third day they had beat up by the guy, tried the mug and I got

flashlight it really took,

eighteen months to embrace you, man again yeah

I want you to remember that I want you to think of that morning would have.

In Santa FE with when he ran the lightly, ran away from that that what what

was he Jamie? Do you think he just woke up

going to church. Now he was out in the night before yeah,

you could very well be there's no pleasure, you know you take it

make sure mind a long time. You know what

thing. When I get off the juice I gotta do

I'm from my balls to grow again. You'd have to take something called clone.

Scene? Okay, what there's a couple different ones? Apparently it's an estrogen blocker

 

blocks. You restaurant actually one of the things that John tested positive. Ok, so how long would it take for me to get my balls back again? It take you a little while.

A bank stadium such marks team out of time that you were doing it? Ok, so if you are, if that's why you?

just go on like a short cycle unless you're crazy, Bodybuilder guide those guys just stay on all the time thing with the cocaine bro. I thought about you statement. I went home and started writing and thinking. I got off now

remember two thousand and seven. It me

a year and a half just become a human being to realize I was fat. I was four hundred. I need to to go to weight. Watchers thousand and eighteen months to realize I had a married. My wife took me a long time from my brain to think normal, like anybody,

right. Well, what you take that into consideration are dead. I definitely do understand, agree to be a long time. Yeah. You know when you do blow when you go on stage the safe I do blow for.

 

Three nights a week and I go on stage. I have no control Joe Rd.

In the face. The you see me on stage I have

control. I have no

connection from

my brain to what's coming out of my mouth, you I can't now you're going do you have? Are you speaking to right now

is empty words. There was no passion behind it. That's why it wasn't funny. You know you said to me: he said it blocks, love. It blocks the love

yeah, that's it! The love.

Between my the cocaine, in my words, is gone.

But still can't do stimulants ramp up

aggression and the impulsiveness and they they ramp,

up your fearlessness. They ramp up your courage. You get disproportionate, they ramp,

your ego, like some

stimulants on some people. Some people obviously look to people that can handle boo.

These people can't handle even a little booze and I think, that's

 

with stimulants? I think that's the same with pretty much everything ever almost every life experience. In fact, I think,

some people that can handle things and some people to can some people that can't at first and they eventually learn to

Someone sent me something about. Rodney Dangerfield was fucking great man of New York Times relentless thing yeah. It was great great. Oddly John Dudley sent it to me funny

in a it- was amazing yeah. I read that really amazing. It's amazing!

oh Fletcher, Tait Fletcher San Antonio's great. It was taped, shut Fletcher. Where is Tate?

Tam letter of Recommendation Rodney Dangerfield. It is an amazing piece who wrote this was

name of the gentleman Alex Halbert,

stat Alex you made a masterpiece, that's a fucking hell of an article,

about one of the greatest of all time when it comes to stand up comedy, and he just talks about the ever

in a Rodney Dangerfield and how

 

it wasn't until he was like in his 50s that he really fucking got it together. Like he became the great stand up that we know him mass and his process for boiling down

material Joey. It's a fucking, amazing article. I read a two times. I look I get tears in, but yeah. So what do you wanna? Do this special? Yes,

special, I'm going to direct your comedy special. We just

figure out when to do and where to do it June June, at the Icehouse Icehouse is the place.

Food shows for sure

six shows let's do six

Let's do this. Do I want to do two Thursday to Friday to Saturday Coom? I want to get those crazy week, night

savage, is a different kind of animal that goes out on Thursday night one hour there, a little more ramped up go for one hour. Fifteen minutes you going to go crazy, so we're going to do. I just want it we're going to capture the real Joey Diaz experience and we're going to put together a special June. Icehouse will give everybody the details, but this is the first special that I've ever even attempted to do so

in with other than my own, so

 

Thank you very much for the opportunity. You would be the guy leftover Fuckin', crazy yeah. I think I got a lot of toys. I think the name of it is immigrant immigrant alvera mentalities, perfect, perfect. Others respect the steep Ameo Chick, that's perfect, myself name. It looks perfect, Sir name of the album, ok beautiful, I'm already in process right and I'm ready to go. I think the ice house is the place. We've been there a million times it's home. It's only know my god. It's all yeah, it's a great place to film and when that place gets rockin Holyshit border Collie Robinzine, I'm going to call a Rado implying today earlier

the viewing and Ledisi L. I'm a go

so people were kidnapped, Bella, show people to halfway house, I'm going to

walk around boulder public tape. All that I'm going to have that up this fucking spring. I got some shit, I'm planning on doing a little mix, tape, Skype,

I love drop. Let these

 

but I want to see I'm ready to shoot the special and I had a great time in Charlotte Man, how you were in Durham, yeah you and I would discuss in the comedy scene in North Carolina using how is just I just want to thank you people and

week before that

I was in Austin and that place is like,

last time I got emotional and Austin like I don't know how

the times I drove from Houston to Austin,

the open mic on Wednesday, Joe Rogan. In that little stage I could,

We look at your face five times and now

I was headlining and selling the place out. I just did

walking, the dog. I did the open mic from Margie and she would tell me you too dirty for me.

You know, I'm saying it now be among the Austin is fucking it

really weird to

see the growth of cities

not only that to see the growth of comedy in these cities yeah Portland or like that's, what happened? That's how Fidel

 

look over Cuba just little growth in different areas,

put internet bill. That is made people more aware of common fifteen years ago. We would go to Houston and be excited.

I'm going to New York and maybe like three other places. Everything else was just a regular town. Yeah now every town is excited about your Rogan. Bert Kreischer

fucking, the girl. What's your chinese girl Amy one?

Allie Allie one yeah. There's a lot of great excitement. Bills are excited about people coming to town. You know it's a

we've seen this growth

It's been an amazing like see. I got into comedy on the tail

I'm like when I got into comedy people would tell you it's over kid, because, five years before that embassies were getting one thousand five hundred plus at and features,

two thousand five hundred plus an and headliners were getting five grand plus at and all

 

when I got it

still remember. The first note she gave us was before you guys get into comedy. I wanted to tell you what happened to the bubble it busted and he broke down with comments, are getting paid

give a fuck. He was just trying to discourage us he's wrong.

These wrong. You know what the bubble is.

Not writing. Jokes yeah

That was a bubble that was the bubble, the bubble in Boston, I'm almost pause.

I don't know what people blame it on the excess of comedy on television at the time. I believe that, because the great ones are still there, I think-

apple was there was a lot of guys that were really really really really fucking funny 'cause. They had taken their act and polished that mother Fucker like a diamond and they brought it

and it was just perfect- was a perfect act, but it didn't change. It was a perfect piece of work

they didn't write more. Some guys did, but not enough guys did and soap.

Keep coming back to the show's they'd be able to say the jokes word for

 

year after year, like they go to see some guys who do the same act year after year and they never left Boston, and it's a very unfortunate.

Because like when it comes to like proficiency level, there's guys like

Steve Sweeney that used to kill in a way that you like, oh my god, what's the guy, you should drink a white Russian in a container Don Mutherfucking Gavin Gavin, one of the greatest ever four guys in Boston. When I started that you heard about your boy too, I think Clark

back in some heat living when he was killing it and

the guy that had the shows he was funny in ninety one bro.

Yeah nine thousand one hundred and ninety two,

Clark was flukten, throwing heater parts that murder he used to fill the Faneuil Hall Club with all screaming chicks. I never saw anything like it 'cause. He was cute. You know he

it would be silly onstage, Chorals loved him. I mean to the point where that place would be overrun with girls. It would be like eight thousand and twenty girls in this Faneuil Hall

connection. We like what the fuck, like what other comic brings

 

girls like this, that love him and then he's another

Let's see the same bits over and over and over again they didn't care they would find with it. It's weird. It was a weird time what fuct everybody up was:

people would go to see. Someone special like Kenison did a special and then he tried to do

the material from the special on a show

we already knew the material and they were like yelling out bits and fucking up its, and so I think

x and then started realizing once you do like

real special and put it on HBO or something like that? It makes you famous you gotta, throw that shit away and write a completely new set out. That's why it's so tough, now tired, because you're trying to develop your hour on the road.

Put your wire on the road, and

go up and following week to promote that hour and you got the same half you got half hour that hour yeah unless you fuqing Harry Houdini, so now

error, for that already, when I went

 

after the last time was a big function. Lesson everybody has that lesson. We have gone through that right now, so time just put it out, that's it yeah and those weeks when you put that out just stay home yeah

still don't embarrass you don't try to do some stay home and get fifteen minute bits of the shop, and once you get six of those fifteen minute bets, then you go out and put forty five together. You start from scratch and then one you still

three thousand and thirty five minutes. Once you shut the event, you know, once you shut that fifty minute she stood up thirty five minutes to work on again: there's no

shame Fuckin', your boys anatomy stays home for a buck in

working now and then goes out Russell.

Yeah. He stays home for a long time. Shutout does. He still does some gigs on the road be Mcs and just talk to the crowd, Foxwood brochure.

Allowed to our little pet partner Friday night. So not the staples. Only the second comic to do it, who sold out staples Gabriel. Did he really Jesus

 

Christ. That's like twenty thousand people, Friday till they get game. That's a Laker game, Gabriel Iglesias hold out a Laker game Friday night at the staple center, gave him and Kevin Hart are the only ones to do it, an animal.

How do you spell on murder in it? Here's? Why is funny

anybody can go see him. You can take your kids to see him your mom to see him he's a nice guy. Everybody loves him. You're gay

What you want to see you get a funny comedian having a good time

So how many thousands I want to say that's at least like eighteen thousand people. I think that might be twenty five might be. Twenty thousand. I think that place is done.

Is the beautiful thing I just remember him pay me thirty. Five dollars-

 

on a Wednesday night. They go, do the bicycle club and he would host wow how many people twenty one thousand Jesus christ- oh my god. Oh my god, that's so many people might hurt her choice. Twenty one thousand people powerful, Gabriel Iglesias, holyshit, that's nuts bad, is fun,

there's, there's still not hide of comedy yeah he's right at the top right now him and Kevin Hart, and in terms of like being able to do that, especially

we will do that in LA hero and Ella he's done more shows consecutively at the ice house is sold out like that fucking ten years ago. He's doing that he would

like Monday, shows Tuesday shows two shows Wednesday. Two shows that he just fucking crank amount now who's taking people out to breakfast after he shows yeah Christmas Eve. After this, he

will get. He stood. Those two shows on Christmas Eve. That's amazing! He could do.

Shows was at three in the afternoon to do shows the ice

whenever he wanted and they repacked

 

get free afternoon bucket pack, let's go woo people wanted to see it. Have a couple of drinks watch some funny comedy. Why not like God, just just the amount of people that I going out to comedy, I'm I'm just honored to be apart

me too, you know Joey you and I have known each other for a long time now and so we've seen like a couple of ways on my God. No, nothing like nothing like that flock. Will you at the Wiltern sold out new years and Chappelle,

and John

John Mayer at the Falcon forum

They were sold out too. He was sold out, but he did a warm up tonight.

Before somewhere else like, let's just try it out just to see if it works and that's

Well, that too, like people around

wow Jack yeah people around about. Well we're we're very

very lucky to have Dave out there right now, like like doing a lot of comedy

Nike's top of the food chain and he's doing a lot of comedy did two specials. Last year, two specials this year and they're fucking good man good

 

the one who did it from DC. That is a really good special actual. That's a whole life join the ship, so it was about the room to put it yeah. I love how I have, as I haven't seen that help all for you. So every agent told you the belly room would war after the war you dump for

they're room when you get into a groove in the belly room. Okay,

break something down here at the comedy, store and again you're going to go. We heard this guy

there's no! You haven't heard this year because I just found this one out. Fucking pain,

we should go when you got sick, that night

I covered for you in the belly room.

The flume and they called me, the

into the belly flu, and I flew to head to the belly room

I have a certain allergy common in the belly room and it just wasn't doing it the belly room,

 

doesn't great Wyatt the belly rooms doesn't require the efficiency that the original room requires. How so

So you be that you want to slow down a little bit in the belly. Rooms are saying, okay, so I'm sparring with you and we're not doing fifty percent would doing thirty now Brent in the belly room. If we do fifty it's a little too aggressive you

two right there, the energies right there. I learned this after twenty four years of doing spots. There remember the belly room was where I learned the story, though, before that I was rushing to the punch line and not getting in a joke.

The belly room was where I learned that sit back a little bit and explain what the fuck you it is. You're trying to tell us why you just kept

 

religious, a there's, no segue here. This is not the joy right. He just eaten some girls. I us all right. We don't want to hear that. We want to hear how you got that

I learned that in ninety nine in the belly room fucking around- and I went back up there

weeks ago? For me,

the main room I gotta come out like a flock in the main room. I gotta come out like MIKE Tyson when he beat up what would he beat up in Atlantic City knocked him out in the fifty seven seconds?

one of the brothers with the Michael Spinks.

Eat dick in the mail. Alas, I come out Chapman cross one to a.

I I gotta come out one two in the main room right in the original room, '

Gauges who you're following I got a follow Chris to with a I got.

Who came out this year, who came out against Travis with a flying sidekick riddle.

 

We've got to come up with a flying sidekick at the original room. Ok, this people break it down for you in the original room. You gotta

Joe Rogan Crystal Leah.

Bill. Burr, like I have a couple weeks ago, I got to come out from the curtain: okay and full of flies site.

Upward is it hasn't been done,

Bruce Lee in the chinese connection, there's no

It's not only me and you would usually do a flying psychic from an evil ground right? No, I gotta go upward. That's their comedy in the

Kim original room. That's where you

maybe go bananas where you see me at my best, like crazy red, in the face about to have a heart attack

pitching your heart out on stage. You have to come

the flying site. That's a crazy move! You, but you

 

wanna vertical or tremendous up your on your back kick and you're going to get on my shoulders and kick up and try to get in the draw. That's the original room to belly room. I can rest on my right hook. I could rest on my window. The belly room you can, I could breathe and just throw

one two and keep you off me: the breeze deep, get my composure, and even though you hit me with some of those whom go slugs

oh god, oh if

Keep my hands up to stay away from your right, I'll, be okay! That's the belly room! That's why the belly room, I always thought, would be a great place

shoes, you know what's great about the billing rooms. A same thing is great about that: how the ice House annex the second room- yes, that's right, yeah, there's no room for an act, there's no room for an access to intimate a gap.

Figure out. Where is the no fat aspect of the bid, and you had to be tuned into the bet. They'll feel my fifty fifth birthday up there cool, I put the eyes

 

how's. What days that it's a Saturday the 19th

19th. I can't get the comedy store, so I

the original room. I got the

it's more room at the ice house on the 17th and 19th and then the 18th. I got the original room. I got the belt

room at the comedy store and it's before

George Washington's birthday, so I got people doing that. One too, so I'll turned fifty

five that we can should working out with Uncle Joey. I only tried Stana fifteen bucks. I do that once a month and I go on the stage two

and you just fuck around just reading, I write down on notebook that I don't really know about and we develop it together up there and sometimes it's fun nominal nine of the ten. It really is phenom

it's a good idea. You want tell you why, because I'm at thirty percent, I purposely than Adam

This is purposely. I wouldn't do that at the comedy store this Saturday night. No, no, I purposely did

 

double take the edge off. Ok, I might even have a shot of alcohol, wow wow. Just one. That's three point:

yeah, because I don't need much alcohol, so

edible and have a little shot alcohol at the ice house and tape it and always get one or two great things, Joe

I'm not gonna tell you. I got an hour of greatness

'cause you're, so relaxed, and they know what they

getting it's a great difference, job the car

restore listen. How do you?

metal with metal

You stones, you do we do. We do a special June,

Ok, I gotta go to the comedy, store three nights: four nights a week: that's farming! That's at the gym and throw

low, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh who's. Next, no, no, no! No deleted get up there! Hey and

do takedowns for now take I'm done. I don't care. How was that's what you do

 

before you shoot, especially you think you need all of it right. You need the sets. You need the writing. You need to set all that you need to writing. You need to working out yeah. You had to be at the right place. Absolutely you know what else I think you need. You need friendship thing that helps

I think that would I think that when you set out to me on the phone the other day,

and you also know that you got it,

to get there. You gotta leave some to aggravate, but I've thought about this many times like who would I be without you guys

I could I be without you who would I be without Eddie? Who would it be without red band? Who would it be

ARI, who w that Duncan. I think you know the same thing: Tom's girl about the same thing, the one who would I be these these people like Burt. They mean a lot to me like they're they're. Very

people and then there's a family which is through the moon that stuff. That kind of love is very

weird that kind of love is over well.

I how how much

Just who you are yeah

we were talking about the Tower Gikondo, the Bruce Lee book.

And you were saying that you know a lot of excerpts- were stone.

 

And now I don't even know if it's true or not even that's, not the proper word that I used played.

I have a tower with Joey Diaz and

for. That tile is what I like

Joe Rogan, the other half,

that power is what I learned from Marion working with Duncan, but none of them

very original. I just kick it up a bit

one thing I love about using, is sell. T shirts after me show you need to do nothing. Nothing

going to a town. I focus on five shows. I don't want to do podcast,

I don't want to go see the statue of liberty. I really don't right. Is you a kick?

where to go to get him a good meal,

So the first show look at it's a small club. It's sold out. Let me not go out there and take pictures. Let me focus on the important thing which doing

on fifty five, I gotta give you a hundred five thousand five hundred and ten percent right and

most of the towel, I'm up early. I do my radio I'm up early to get out of their heavy.

 

Once in awhile on Saturday, you gotta, have you got to have a drink with the audience.

Little shot on stage or whatever you know when I've come to think of myself as

what piece of I'm a piece of three or four you guys are for. If you want the truth,

ARI, I like ARI's real

taxation on stage already takes chances like we all work, all three of us love to take chances. That's why

do what we do is not going to get the same our year after

talking here, not even close, we also have a similar style of mixing everything else. Everything up yeah, I have everybody- has their own towel. Man Bruce Lee. Just he just wanted to teach you

by combining that's what we're doing right now for sure you think I'm Johnny original. I take a little bit of you anything. I learned from Bert I learned from Tom I learned from Bill Burr I learnt from Dave Chappelle.

 

And now this is your art again. This

The arm bars the same. Whether I go to you or John John King and show me the same right right, yeah, it's how I do it. Yep yep

It's the same point. It's a really good point. I think

and there's no way you could ever say any one person is not influenced, because

every single style stand up. Comedy is in some way or another

originated with like the Lenny Bruce's, and you know the the Dick Gregory's and those you know the guys were doing it. Wait did the Daingerfield guys doing a way back in the day, even Bob Hope, all those guys they started this thing you got a thing

the world has had no stand up comedy up until

quite unfucking fifty years ago or something that's nothing. This should just started, and you always one of the first guys to do it. Mark Mutherfucking TWAIN mark motherfuck.

Tween would do readings of his book and it was funny and people would laugh. He was in front of people rocking. He was killed

he's telling stories and reading.

 

People thought it was hilarious found somebody before I'm sure

they just really popular writer years ago, yet Paisley

proof that

standard form

form of this art form existed

four yeah it is so civilization. I did read that a couple of years, I'm sure something was similar. Yes,

There was some store and because

and now I see myself on stage like my tape. By sets now, oh I hear I hear a little Joe Rogan. I hear a little Rodney. I hear a little Lenny Bruce. I love,

Bruce is yeah man, deviled egg. That style

of that Levy Bruce said ship that you didn't know. People said

and it wasn't dirty not just a certain word like when I go on stage that you know

 

you? Will you don't want to know more low key and the place to look? Is one of those murders and what's the what's the

right right right well, look is just bad luck, but that's something let him Clark would say the Fuquay you he put them a look on me even saying

we were all,

plagiarizing or doing anything like that. No we're influence were influence and muscles wrong. With that one thing: that's important is we're all real fans, a calm and no you're. Still a fan, you still enjoy watched, Commodo love, it

these I've been going to the fourth wall. Alot road. Do

What war was with Mickey told Rocky to do?

dog,

but you know me, I got out around eighty told rocky. Do less because why because he wanted, he, somebody took all no I'm sorry, APOLLO

 

took rock thirty, Jim others. So look at that. Look at these mother fought to give back. No, no, no! No! No! He took them to is all black Jim and he goes. I wanted you to look at these guys, so you can look at their.

Actually goes ma'am when your eyes used to be like that Raul. That's right, he does run when your eyes used to be like that rock. So lately I've been gone before I go.

And then I got a fourth wall in North Hollywood and I pay five dollars to do five minutes

and the rule is you have to

Dana most open. My should do you stayed seven, you leave right. You have

sit down watch. Others

Tell you something the last six weeks I've learned more from watching these open mikres then

anything, because I also realize that

where I was when I was one of these guys. I want

What I had right now? How

wanted to be a headline? I wanted to not be a

 

which guy, but I wanted to just be funny. I wanted to be accepted as a committee

and ever since I've been gone in a fort war, I got at three or four nights a week. Generally, I pay five dollars to do five minutes, I'm no better than anybody else, but the

the thing is he asked me what I want to go up and I always tell him towards the end

because I want to watch these kids enjoy every time. I leave that

I leave laughing and I fucking learn something really and I'm back now,

alcohol in there, John Rogan, just fucking eight people watching you do five minutes. I want you to think about when you were doing five minutes

and what was going through ya. I'm just telling you my hard beating because

I still remember bombing and leaving their thinking now,

I have to get away the job or

now you're going to have to get a cook job. These guys all have day jobs they all.

About this city jobs. But

Every time I go to the fourth war bro, I fucking learn something

 

I go there, some nights. I go to flappers

I go there, some nights, I go to the store,

I go there, some nights, I go to the haha. I do it that way:

but I always go there and every time I go there, I

he's got here with like five minutes planned bro? It doesn't even hit the stage because from watch

those guys. I learned something. I remember something and I just come up with this crazy story

so I look at it as like a like doing kettle bells yeah.

That's a good way to look at it. I really do I look at these young guys- and I remember that pain in that confusion- that I had that

I'm feeling you had when you were open micro and your friends are telling you you are funny, but you still have

the limo and keep the baby job route or still drop off papers or whatever

job. You said you had. You told me to stay

 

my meeting at Atlantic's, and all that you still in that crossroads of comedy where you don't know what to do? But you know in your fucking hard

that you just can't wait to be a headlight. Somebody would just give you a chance

back, then I wasn't even thinking I could never be headliner. I was really hoping I could make a living, never thought I'd

wind up being so what you mean living you mean food

of one bedroom, yeah, cable, tv, there's, a guy that had a lofty was the king. I had a loft in the

had taken a schoolhouse and turned into condominiums,

guy, I never I never forget. I looked up to him

and believe where he was living DJ hazard, that's his name, hilarious comedian.

Oh god, yeah sure well. Dj, has always been a real nice guy and excellent, very funny, very funny. Guy always has been but

he had a like a loft apt. I remember everybody talked about it's like what it's got. Brick walls inside

 

looks like he was the king. He was living like an adult, but he was. He was a stand up comedy

like everybody else we thought about. Like you know, you live

you barely getting by stuff in a bunch of guys, know house, you know, there's a lot of the comedy flop. Houses were comedians, would want it moving in together or your live in some. She

the apartment you could barely afford or you live with your girlfriend or something. So it's it's weird. When you go back and think about it, you know like you could have

at any time think about it. Think about your early days when it's terrible, just bought

all the time like it wasn't for John Leguizamo really yeah,

Watch them do is set one night at the yellow, Nnn

front of a the people and he

in his mind he was at the garden, though, when I was like I get it.

But you me to pay-

left at home

you know who was one of the most proud

moments as a young comedian, when

 

I was at the comedy, store and Uhm did

set in front of you know like literally like maybe five or six people, but I did

it is hard, as I would do it

a regular room and I heard

the back Paul Mooney

support. You know how Paul Mooney would laugh in support and you,

Oh oh shit! I just got the green light from Paul Fuckin'. Mooney

like Paul Mooney was laughing at my schitt, then he came up

after showing those he was. Your real comic is,

You did that show in front of all those people, and he goes. You knew that there was five fucking people in that room. You did that show like it was packed because that's a real comic.

It goes, maybe lap. I think that's what you learn to come inside, that, like Paul Mooney, says, I tell you when you just coming up here like holyshit, like I might be able to figure this out. I might be able to do this. It's big right,

 

someone coming up with? You know it's crazy when you do a spot at the store. You know you're in the big leagues

Oh my no matter where I do a spot when I try

Well that's one day when I'm at this,

on a Thursday night, Tuesday night, you know you're in some fucking good company, you doing something right or you did

yeah. It's I

uh we comics are in the room. I love laughing at comics. I love going to the store little early and cats and two or three gray, comics and laugh, and that makes my fucking night whether it's you or

Even Bobby Lee is so fucking out of his mind, cutting edge either way we began to run whites in the fucking Bill Bill Murray

yeah yeah yeah. I mean RON White Bill Burr last Malley long. There was a line up there all the time there was a line of last week. That was just ridiculous. Saying two weeks ago, the nine I saw

Are you down, and I was just ridiculous.

 

Is on fire with you.

Way down. I have anxiety, you know I puked on the car one time on the way down there from anxiety going down that following,

what I'm the surgery at March, fifth for your ear and what they have to do exactly put a tube in the world.

To drain the fluid what fluids in your ear, whenever I have it's getting to the point where Listen Bro fell last for six months, I've been living with plugs. When I go to the shower. Now I gotTA

yeah blood language, it. So what's going on with your ears, because the fluid goes in, I don't know dog, I stuck a being in my ear.

I was six of play, I was

that game. Please don't spill the beans and then you stuck one year and fucked it up and they couldn't get it out. I just left it then I told my mother over it, went in there

other put hot oil in there. They took it out with the functional he took it out with her, so they wrecked my ear. So today

 

cars for the doctor, didn't take it out. Yeah, I went up to level hundreds uh jewish hospital had 60th and Broadway at their outlets, hurt my ear just thinking about it. So now, fifty years later, because

my driving or whatever now I get classic,

so I have to even worry applause. When I walk walk from the time I got away with a plug because of not to sweat goes in my ear. You know, I see a doctor,

parable fuckin' car sickness from trying to read a book in a call. You cannot do anything like that in the car, after a while you just like, oh especially with reading glasses at this age, really poor, reading glasses on and try to read it. Twitter jack come around that turn where the four hundred and five hits the one hundred and one and see what happens to your fucking stomach. It's a weird thing: huh motion sickness

some people get it all the time I get it all the time.

Not on planes. Not I get it.

 

I get high and get on the boat

New Jersey Shore going on the boat, I'm done I'm going to take the pills

for those pills, drama mean this stuff is brutal. That stuff is blue, rather be c, so you gotta be that tired, I'd rather be sick, I'll throw up. I don't give a puck, then sucks, but at least I don't feel like I'm drugged out like I fell asleep in a diner me and my friend Jimmy Dattilio, we went to bluefish fishing on those

party boats on the way home we stopped at a diner, get gets me. I literally fell asleep head down on the

cable. I literally was like drug down where you want the drama me yeah, I was on drama mean, and I was only like one hundred and fifty

pounds back then one hundred and fifty four pounds does like what I was weighing when I was competing and

never did anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't drink and smoke pot and didn't I didn't do shit so

dropping in my system. My sister was like check. Please it just

 

down I couldn't. I had no tolerance at all. I fell completely asleep at a diner, but I tried to take with my friend Jimmy took he's way bigger than

I think I just overdosed. Let me ask you something when when when Harvey Weinstein gets out of rehab and he once come on the podcast with you

I thought about you coming onto why

have some fun with them top box. Am

What we want to real food she's got some ideas. You can you can you can have them anywhere? You know

yeah, especially in the middle, were joking around folks, especially in the middle of a trial. 'cause he's in the middle of like a ton of trial when he comes back he's going to get charged for sure something's going to happen. There's

how many different trials in terms like civil lawsuits and Stuff

it's a lot of women saying he did horrible things. It's a undoubtably, there's no way he's going to skate. Something happened, something

civic trial criminal trial some days really have civil trials, absolutely we're changing as a species. That's

 

happening in the way it's like we're, making it up

as we go along and there's a lot of rocky things that are happening, a lot of chaos and

but there's awareness of like what you should and shouldn't do to human beings in terms of like forcing yourself on people, and you know fuqing them. When I say no, it's like rape and the idea that we're still doing that in twenty eighteen and people are doing a really high levels.

Boy three beats? I moved to this town course right off the bat. Soon, as I got here, I heard the creepiest Rockets

damn more. You got into like the movies. Like

I already with creepy things. Lysol creepy baby

I listen man, you have a

the call of focus spade paid because you get in trouble, but you look

 

What's what's his name was that which I have the space is turn you can tell he sucks dick part. You want a new. He was such a big part time. If you at Kevin Spacey, if you look at that, do

Lee Harvey Weinstein. You can't tell that that dude would make you suck his dick before think about that, and all these people took pictures with him but happy to fuckin' agents that actually sent you on that mission to Lee Harvey's Fucking Hotel room. I want to know where the fuck they are. They didn't know that Lee Harvey was

come out with a massage

ask you to suck his fucking dick or watching naked.

We knew for a long fucking time. Everybody knew when there's a fuckin' gap.

When you have a dream and you

power, a lot of

This could happen. I mean I'm not,

fucking Liberace

but I got my dick sucked at the comedy store just because of being a comedian and some

 

We thought that you were like had supernatural powers, it's fucking crazy and if you do

know about Fuckin' Holly would listen. Man they've been fucking people

dead for you. Look at this walking Marilyn Monroe pictures that bitch and you don't- who else was a dirty mother, fucker that Fuckin' Liberace, that guy

making you sign contracts, making you fuqing have plastic surgery making you have classes like him. Are you fucking kidding Maine there's been some creepy fucking, Shitness town, that people got away with for fuckings aliens. He is and now- and I tell you what man I'm more

for the movement, I'm all for it

I have a daughter. You have daughters I have

this does I got friends. A table for

bothers me the most. I tell you don't do that bothers me out of this. You know what bro, who is in Papillon with Steve Mcqueen,

 

remember, Dustin, Hoffman buzzing. If he finger bang in seventy three shut, the fuck up shut the fuck upp people changed

the same guy who kidnapped Bell in nineteen. Eighty, seven, I'm not sorry Joe, I'm, not so

are you gonna come back at me about something I did. Nineteen one thousand four hundred and eighty seven. I was

different guy, was doing blow. I've asked you to finger bang, yet you can't do

that that I don't want to do don't end somebody's fucking career 'cause. He

franklin your as in ninety two and now it came back

Do you to the scale of amnesia? You can't do that to me.

You want to call me out personally called me, the fuck out

call me at home, I go ahead man and,

before one that you asked me if you could eat my asshole. You were wrong. Listen! I was doing today.

Holiday. What do you want from me all right? I resolve that issue that I understand, but don't

all the out of I I did thousand nine hundred and seventy two people fall. Can change bro, that's what pissed me off the giant.

 

There's a giant gaps were talking about like Jeremy Piven, it was one thousand nine hundred and eighty five and don't fucking, call me out. If

right before you called me out.

Call me out with a friend. Were you talking about look at what

although if it gets to rape,

so listen the words when I come from. That's not even allowed

That word never entered my mind, I'm talking about. If I was, if I a caught one, the bar one night now, when I'm telling told you utilities were banging

I want to put cork rocked in your asshole. You can't come at me for some in nineteen eighty eight 'cause I used to do it every other night that was

the opening line listening has holes on fire? What's it going to take for me to stick my tongue in that fucking thing and make that danger? You know you're not going to listen, you're not going to get a piece of has by selling somebody real estate. You gotta, sell.

Well, what the one,

Is it works on those the ones you want like? If you can go

 

to a gallon, say that tour yeah. When I was going to call it. If I knew who you were girl- and I knew you did coke and

you had that certain look in your what's the coke look, the coke look that is

You do cocaine you dirty dirty things. So when you look at a girl, that's doing cocaine and she's, like I said she suggest to you that she's going back,

a hotel with you, it's no.

Really goes back to the hotel with you when they have a boyfriend. If you're doing coke right on

there's also the keep getting go higher and higher. Will Coke apparently makes people promiscuous right?

makes people go fucking bananas to go suck your dick, so

Take somebody's wife up to your hotel room and at six hundred am

she's doing coke with you, you'll notice. I wanted time she comes out of the bathroom the button or bill

and then the next

 

then she comes out. She come out to tell you a story and her pants will come out and show button in front of it. Little

Things start to happen. Give you signs

pretty soon you like, listen, nothing, nothing take off.

Handsome to see you play with your pussy. Little do do do do do do

that's what the would gets me right now is the twenty

call out the thirty year call on main a ruin, Dustin Hoffman's career he was giving out food.

Scrubs. He was asking asking acting creepy, but you know what

part of that we allow that creepiness in society. We turn their fucking heads.

You follow, I'm I'm sure,

the type that would turn you had no, not the type to turn my head, but I notice it

you notice said the cocaine thing is is a real interesting one, because you see people making crazy decisions, just real ninety

Fuckin' decision bro your sell atoning meant owning everything. So what your whole system,

 

so your whole systems delusional. I remember going out like after a long night and not sleeping okay. Now they come

point where you have this paranoia, where you don't leave the house, but now that comes to

paranoid that you're going to leave the house and bump into somebody.

That's. Why? Sometimes you actually do.

You go to seven hundred and eleven to get a soda and you bump into somebody who's in the same predicament. Is you that happened to me once I was I went by Gavins. I think I was staying with Ralphie and I went by Gavins and on the first floor there was:

just check that we used to be a stripper as she had a daughter that was about thirteen kind of ugly shows like Pavarotti. We used to call

variety to ship, the clock and eyebrows asian, but the mother was kind

don't freak out. I got up like that. Like I

up all night and it was like nine in the morning and I was about to call my drug dealer. They gotta

package at eleven that keeps keep the body alive and I bought.

 

That animal in the stairway. As she asked me like you know, I get some coke. While I was on my way

I'll! Let you know that she had a bad chick was engaged to.

Don't forget this. She was engaged

Lego, I'm on my way right now she goes. Do you want to split a gram like oh yeah, yeah, that's pretty grab. It was like thirty,

well, she went over there. We spent the fighting ground. We went back, her daughter was sleeping, so we had to do the coke in the hallway. On the first floor,

All right, I'm gonna stay away,

right and that's what we did to blank. She was just thinking they're looking at each other,

and she's. Like don't even ask, I just told a guy,

bothering was all me all night. Give us a title: isn't it's ten the morning to do something? To

We got to do something and I started

open Spirit with the next email or she suck in the helmet, and when I went to come, she goes. Don't do that and I came on a jeans

 

like it was all over her jeans. It's uh,

but in the morning you come on some of these jeans. Your coked up, I felt like a piece

that's like the worst of it. I see her three nights later: El Compadre and she's, with her boyfriend on my phone

boyfriend comes over to hey man. We might have a problem and I'm like what was going on. He

my girls a little bit angry. I don't know what happened, but I think you should apologize.

When I came on the pants after she suck my dick. That's what happened. Did you tell you that

that's how easy the coke world this? Oh my god, like she told her boyfriend. She was angry at me. It's none of your business. Why, but,

He came over there because I don't know what's going on here in,

This guy

What's going on, I feel like going. You know why she blew me eleven the morning

I came on a jeans. I shot a load on the jeans. She couldn't fucking, not what do you spray,

in your jeans to get shut off,

 

I'm going to shout it out. She couldn't shout out that sperm if she fucking wanted to that old coach firm, no vitamins in my system, I

three hundred and eighty pounds. Those jeans were stayed for life there

did the dumbest shit on all those drugs, the dumbest shit and especially the year it took me to get off at what's going on someone at our door. Ok, Huda! Funk

Is this paging me at five hundred and forty six in the morning crack of dawn and what

Lowe's, probably someone dropping something off anyway,

My brother to nothing we gotta get out of here. Eventually, I'm gonna

eventually I'm good, I'm having a good time. It was good to see you it's going to see TIM and Jamie. My man, I thought about you when I saw fuqing the Chris,

 

so I come back against them

I thought about you. Would you bet that one yeah I lost on that one? I

with our land. Some stuff ha have fun. I can't go straight

you love those sucker bets are gonna, go straight out of winning the lottery. Well, I went on a twenty bucks when you can one to one, no because I'd, rather than raise my percentage of that one and double up on it. Just worry about one one of my sweat and to move to the front. To my that's what two wars I want to get in that long game for all my God fall. Two

like you were talking about, but will focus is what's the next fight, undercard siding? We got some

Free card to go over Rockhold Romero, fight, right, agree, Romero and then got march. Seventh,

because, Tony for and Brooke common that you from all directions, that's going to be having Brooklyn New York. Are you doing a show that we can yeah? Isn't it April it's April right April? What's the exact date April, seventh, yeah

 

That's that's crazy. Fight is a harm, as our time has also Rogers Soccer, robot fight, twenty three. That's so who the knows fight! You know, that's one of those fight real like won't! That's going to be a crazy one. Tony Ferguson is a bad mother and could be number command off is

already one of the scariest guys, I've ever seen compete ever malls people already his first shot at the title, just stop and think about what happens. If that fucking savage gets the title

that guy some matches people what he did to Edson Barboza supernatural his

he's not even the same thing. You said something during that fight. That said it all, it was

point to fight that that you said. Look at the look

yeah and I

I had that look and that's when you getting chased by eighteen people. He had a look that

He didn't know he had no, no

 

ok. We went into like a survival situation like like when you see a deer, that's getting attacked by a crock,

die or something they have this like survival thing where you live.

You just trying to survive. Obviously dear is not the same,

terrible analogy. I think correct this when I think is

Barboza had realized that, like there's no way he's going to beat this guy on the ground, it's not even close, like I think if he went into that fight, probably thought

people stuff more takedowns and get back off his. He was

doing that with a lot of guys in camp. Well, once that guy gets a hold of you there's an acceptance that certain fighters go through, where they they're locked down like hole,

we like they're, just drained from this animal mall in trying to retain.

Energee trying to reach are,

the battery trying to get back in it. You gotta realize that guy had some trouble is one of the best fuckign kickers ever ever he's one of the best kickers ever that

 

you guys the fastest switch kick I've ever seen in my life outside of

professional moitie, like Sanchi or

ok or something like that. He's got a world class left leg. Kick I mean who is fast as fuc? He couldn't keep that guy,

There was a look on his face to he drilled hours. He drill take down the drilled,

as he drove everything there was, but he never drilled. This couldn't do it.

I think there was one point where he looked and he was like wait a second.

I've done everything I can, I will. I will train with the giants taking me down for a week,

definition of never felt this

I don't know how he keeps you down either his control

on that side is fuqing, something that is there's

there is never a grappling skilled, it's very hard to see when you look at, even if you, if you were a skillful, Gore grapple yourself, you looking at someone like you,

 

like. Why is he able to do that to everybody like what? What is he doing differently

Why is this one guy being able to do certain things that other people can't do and there's a few of those guys out there where you watch and we just go? Jesus like what the

input can be. Was the number one guy in that category because he's never been defeated? One moment of adversity in the act on a cliff by a punch from Michael John

I can't think of a single round he's loste, not off top my

At least he may have LOS rounds on some judges scorecards, but he's essentially mauled

every mother, fucker they put in front of him, he's an animal so this

Guy versus Tony is phenomenal fight.

Tony is a savage and tony fights very well off of his back. His is a seriously dangerous guard. You can't

We bottom he's durable as fuck. He can

thank you out, he never gets tired and his game as they come and he's a fucking champ right now he's the interim Champ

 

you know when he beat Kevin Lee with a triangle. You beat a top guy like Kevin Lee with a fuckin' triangle. That's a big move: Tony's, dangerous nasty, Dars,

coaxes Darce chokes with the family is great, but he wasn't ready for Tony Bro Kevin Lee

just sick to death. That's that's infection, but not unquestionably. He he was in Tony's is too high level. That was too.

Well, you could see in the second round. Perhaps I would like to see that fight again. You have to say that because stuff like that, I'm sorry, but I think that if you wanted to have them fight again and

Kevin Lee can go in that fight healthy. I think you'd see a very different fight. I don't think you would see Tony

I'm not saying that you would see Tony lose or Kevin Win, but I would think you would see a Kevin Lee

could sustain his performance. Longer, I think, being drained from

our office is right. No job is no. If and I've had it before it's the worst, your body can something worse, but it's not good. Your body goes.

A very weakened state. It's not even you are not the same thing you just not. You can do

 

professional. You can go out there and do your job and a lot of guys have a lot of

Barton, one Luke Rockhold be Chris Weidman on antibiotics. How about that? He was fighting off staff when he beat Chris Wide Weidman. That's how good Luke Rockhold is Guy's

done it. But that's not him at one hundred percent. He wanted. He wanted. Seventy or eighty or whatever the it was. You know

there's, no doubt about it. Staph infections and antibiotics, both funk you up and Kevin Lee, I believe, opted to not take the antibiotic will after the fight, so he did

a week in the system, but he still weakened by the staff fuck

Farkleberry Shield Dimitrius

mountain versus TJ, Dillashaw superfight targeted for UFC, two hundred and twenty six and co made event. Oh ship

two hundred and twenty, I don't know to live,

Ebay, Pcs,

oh shit.

They call it a sombra? They got some good.

 

Coming. That's sleep, don't sleep

This game might run by Piyush it.

Fights are getting better and better. Now again I love ceased. Ebay become a superstar me too. I think I think he deserves it and I think

Look at where that guy is right. Now, like

What is more? Americans guy, like you, said with his immigrant name, what is more american than a guy who works right now as a fireman, while he's the UFC Heavy, which is in the world and ROH, is a great piece of it and broke. The record broke the record for the most defense and he is really good. The scariest contender we've seen in a decade. You know again I what's a podcast fly, you had those guys on. You would talk about the tower g. Quick though

and I think that a lot of people really miss out on the main thing, and this

this you miss out with me and every other

I missed out with you. No no! No! I don't. I don't understand other people, you mean yeah

 

Whenever I watch these Bruce Lee Fucking things- and I see these kids are thirty talking about Bruce Lee. I get sick to my stomach because Bruce Lee.

Bring martial arts to this country. He gave immigrants help pro. I was a kid I just come from.

Tube the green hornet on Sunday nights, I would throw you out the window. The

but then, when I was five and then they cancelled them, and then he came back with the first one that

supposed to be fist of fury, moon, some,

are you that way?

in a flat that didn't do that. Good. That introduced him

it was the one in seventy one. The chinese connection, when I was eight that was great movie, that

really put this country over

if you were it

didn't mean you were tough guy. How many, how many on Youtube? How many black

guys. Are there that think they'd Chinese Disney out?

 

There was a guy used to send you. Videos of

yeah. I the guys name, which is a bunch of those people tougher. He gave immigrants blacks

He gave them hope how many black dude started dressing like Bruce Lee, and you know doing crazy

where is John Flower in Kung FU outfits? You everybody's wrong about Bruce Lee 'cause. I saw it and I saw his death.

And I saw how people would go to Chinatown because there was no internet

still today when they go to Seattle. They go to his great. I went to his grave. I went to his grave, take a picture and gave it to Eddie Griffin. That's why Eddie Griffin will always be indebted to me, because I gave him a picture of Bruce Lee's grave in your head that size Bruce Lee when he died. There was no internet, then report Bruce Lee's death on the

news. Do people find out

you found that a week later, when

Chinese newspaper hit New York and then

 

Chinatown. It came out to Chinatown when I

read about it. I was forced to go to Chinatown and get the paperwork with the patriots.

But had will be the it was an open casket in China and then Open

ask it was glass around him and him. Nobody

Bruce Lee was dead. Does

with the dragon came out, but I've been by the boom, everybody made a million dollars and nobody said nothing, but his death Bro Fuct people up

like you know, Bruce Lee gave hope, because the Vietnam WAR was going on and there was

something else going on in this country that people don't remember that destroyed this country. You know was shot this country down what, when the Beatles broke up Jesus

in Christ. Did people lose their mind, so you always get into arguments with people led Zeppelin?

 

good bad? You have a way the Beatles get back together because they will always straight you with the Beatles dog. I, like

Microtel yeah, but then I'm not compared to the Beatles. So

call John Lennon got shot, then those people

the voice funky with the Beatles no use our extreme is the man. You know you would love, go to the the garage show to put the Beatles us,

A it's called love, fucking crap. When did you go couple weeks ago,

You was doing okay, my family, okay and we

I wanted to see the circus Olay show it's supposed to be amazing, and I see the original circus Du Soleil. Well, there's like nobody remembers problem the Beatles broke up. This country went

trough time you have. No,

what can I do? You know you don't have any idea if you're you're young, you has started, I put empress when the Beatles, let let it be out in the end that would let it be dog that was that people

 

yeah, correct white people, crack Jack, Fuckin', incredible song when you think about what John died

when John Lennon died. What happened in New York that Sunday, you think about that

That was amazing to look at

Now he was on another level. The whole band was on another level. They were very psychedelic. There usually came in at the perfect time, Vietnam to be there

breaking up Muhammad Ali Muhammad Ali, but also in nineteen. Seventy three. This is a very interesting fact at fifty dollars at fifteen dollars. Ticket sales

at fifteen dollars, twelve dollar ten dollars ticket sales. This country grows three billion dollars in concerts

really go. Watch the seventies on CNN. The one about me

cancel the seven hundred. So much good music came out of the timeout error. Everybody was on tour. They had a list of who was on tour Zeppelin the stones,

 

the who, when I was in high school, we always went to concerts. You always rousing HANS arts. We were well high school would see Jake I was banned. Yes, I was a little I saw.

Johnny Winter I saw Jethro Tull

Well, I saw George Thorogood and the destroyers he did a five thousand and fifty two and one thousand nine hundred and eighty one that duty did fifty states in fifty days. That was the big thing to do: George Thorogood and the destroyers

forgot about jazz band. J giggles band that was it got about. Freeze frame angel is the centerfold. He was married to Faye Dunaway that saying, with a receipt Peter will heal from about mother Hi Joe. I got about this up

I got shared. I love you motherfuck! Thank you! So don't do this in June June. Two are planning right now, folks will keep you guys updated, but I'm going to direct and put together Joey Diaz's comedy special going to let

no immigrant mentality coming soon to Macau? Well, I have thank you. Thank you.

 

But if you tune into the show, thank you on it, go to n it use the code word Rogan, you'll save

Ten percent off any and all supplements, then

thank you, mother fuckers at pro.

Flowers and Shari's berries 'cause. They have teamed up to hook it up yeah,

twenty percent off a perfectly paired gift of over

Twenty nine dollars featuring beautiful blooms from proflowers and fresh.

Dipped, yummy, strawberries from Shari's, berries, visit profile

dot com today and enter my code word Rogan at checkout, proflowers, dot com and use the code Rogan.

We're also brought

bike whip go to get dot. Com is get

U dot! Com

Slash Rogan starts just twenty five bucks.

And uhm. You get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. So that's get quip com forward, Slash Rogan! We did it all right. Folks,

 

next week, we got a lot of people

It looks like we're going to be doing Steven Pinker

the very famous, very smart,

that's going to happen

Cameron Hanes going to be here next week. Matt Brown is going to be here next week. Our friend filled Demers is going to give us an up.

On his battle against marine land.

Everybody knows that story now or if you haven't, go back and listen to the filled, Demers Podcast Cray

easy ship he'll be here as well. Alright, thank you. Bye.

Oh hello, friends, this episode, the

podcast, is brought to you by Squarespace. Squarespace is the host of my website, Joe Rogan

dot com, and it is an amazing platform where you

you can make your own website. I know what you're thinking did I can't I don't know I listen.

You know how to do normal things on a computer square space has got it down where a dumb, dumb,

like me, can make

a beautiful professional website. All you have to do is you?

Is there gorgeous user

templates and beautiful drag and drop user interface? It's so simple. If you're, not a

that's a photograph to an email, do not do that. Ok, do you know how to move files around on your desktop? Okay, you can do it, it's drag and drop.

It's all simple. You can turn

cool idea into a new website. You could start a

business. Maybe you make things right which

it's him online, where you can? Each square space website comes

 

with a free online store and is

optimized for mobile right out of the box. They have analytics and help you grow in real time and they have

free and secure hosting nothing to patch or upgrade ever and twenty four

seven award winning customer support. It's a beautiful

platform is it's the reason why Joe Rogan dot com is hosted on square space, and here

the best part ready you try for free head to square

space, dot com, Slash Joe for a free trial, build that beautiful mother and then, when you're, ready to launch use the offer code, Joe to save ten

stand off your first purchase of a website or domain squarespace.

I highly recommend them we're also brought to you by the cash app. Ladies and gentlemen know: we've had the cash app as a

answer many many times before, but one of things

 

I want to tell you about this through the cash app. Let me explain with cash. App is, first of all, it's a number one app and finance for a very good reason. It's a wonderful application that is not

just finance app the easiest way for you to send and receive money, and you can even use it to buy and sell Bitcoin, but on top of that, the cash app has something

of the cash card. Now the cat,

the card is the most powerful debit card on the planet, earth and the only one with boosts a money, saving feature that you can't get anywhere else because the cash app invented it. You just

select a boost in your cash app swipe your cash card, you save ten percent or more whole foods, shake Shack, Poht, taco, Bell, chick fil, a domino's and coffee shops

all across the country. The coffee shop boost takes

dollar off at any coffee shop, including Duncan or Starbucks. So you buy

five hundred cups of coffee a year. You save five hundred dollars with the cash app. It's very simple download

 

catch out from the app store the Google play market or your cash card today, and when

you download the cash app enter the referral

Joe Rogan, all one word: five dollars go

to you and five dollars goes to our

good friend, Justin Brands, fight for the forgotten charity, which is helping to build wells for the pygmies in the Congo, and we are

excited extremely excited to share an update from Justin to date. Through this promotion,

cash app and jre listeners have raised over one hundred thousand dollars provide

clean drinking water to more than six thousand four hundred people, and you got

Honda in Tanzania is beautiful folks on top of that, some of the funds that have helped

for the forgotten purchase land for the box. What pygmies in Southwest Uganda, bringing

six new water wells to that region with the cash apps help posit

image video the production company that actually shoots? My comedy specials will also be document

 

Justin's efforts so that everyone can experience the journey. I can't be.

I I couldn't be more pleased

be associated with this company, with what they're doing and more pleased. I'm gonna get choked up here

more pleased to be helping Justin, who, I think, is one of the best

people I've ever met in my entire life is a beautiful, selfless person

gotten malaria three times going over to Africa to to build wells. I just love him to death,

and if you listen to

vis promotions, we we also were donating money to help Ray Board, we're very happy to announce that

Ray Borg has been added to the March 30th UFC Fight in Philadelphia. The cat

trap was also doing any money to help with his son's medical bills so down

the cash app today and again use the referral code, Joe Rogan,

and you will help out a lot of people, including our good friend Justin Brand and his wonderful charity. I love that guy to death. Sorry from getting choked up, I don't mean to sound like a bitch,

 

we're also brought to you by Butcher box yeah.

I don't like a bitch. Let's talk about meat Butcher Box is a fantastic

company that sends to you one hundred percent grass FED and finish beef free rein,

organic chicken and heritage breed pork, and they said,

did you right to your door on dry ice with free shipping

anywhere in the lower forty? Eight

unbelievable taste? Folks, if you don't like to buy

your food from a place where you don't know where it's coming from get it from butcher box. First of all,

everything is grass FED and grass finished, it's healthier for you and it taste better

these animals their pasture raised the way animals are supposed to live and there's a

different flavor to it looks different. They never

have any antibiotics, no

hormones, no, nothing! Nothing! Added to the meat now outside of Bush

 

boxes. Type of high quality meat is very hard to find, and if you live in food deserts, it's nearly impossible for those people

live in big cities with expensive supermarkets. The prices

variety at butcher box are hard to beat, and now they

wild alaskan sockeye salmon. Folks, they source there

wild

anybody, harvest salmon from Bristol Bay Alaska, and it's it's

a deep, beautiful red wild, never factory farmed. Now

you can get twenty dollars off, plus free ground beef for life. What yes, two of free

one hundred percent grass FED ground beef in every order for the light

time of your subscription, go butcher box, dot, com, click on the banner and enter the discount code Rogan

check out. I cannot tell you enough how much I appreciate this company and the kind of

service that they provide for people that are having a hard time.

 

I'm fine, really high quality meat. This your go to source box, dot com again use a discount

code Rogan at checkout. You get twenty bucks off and free ground beef for life. Okay, now, oh boy, boy boy to have a show for you today, folks,

okay! Well, if you are regular, regular regular, what is that

regular listener of this podcast? You know that I did a podcast while back with Jack Dorsey from Twitter, and

the response was positive and negative, but

the interest of dealing with the negative we decided to have jack back on, but this time with TIM Pool, TIM Pool,

an independent journalist and he's been heavily critical of Jack and of Twitter and

along with them we brought in Vigia. I don't know how to say her. Last name: J, a d d, e J d- I think it's just I don't sorry Vigia, ah

 

is she's.

Yes, she's the head of their trust and safety committees are correct either way

she provided us with some much needed insight as to why people get banned when they get banned. What they're trying

to do to alleviate the woes of censorship, give people a path to redemption and you know TIM Pool

hard in the paint, so he went hard in the paint. It was a great up, great episode, the podcast, it's a long one along

not to do with censorship, the implications of censorship and uh, I'm talking too much as it is. So please welcome TIM Poole Jack Dorsey Envidia experience trying my day Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day life will live. Ladies and gentlemen, two

 

I have to TIM Timpul. Everybody knows and loves them the job. What is hell and pronounce words injure Fidget Canada, not VJ, VJ, VJ, Getty

Gary and your position at Twitter is: I lied, trust and safety, legal and public policy. That's a lot! That's a lot and Jack Dorsey. Ladies gentlemen,

first of all, thank you everybody for doing this. It. Thank you. Thank you

also on also tension. This tension in the room, those were all loosey goosey. Just a few minutes ago, attention and everyone's like. Oh, this is really happening here. We go um

before we get started. We should say because there were some things that people wanted to. Have us talk about, one that the cash app is one

the sponsors of the podcast. It's been a sponsor for a long time, and also a giant supporter of my good friend Justin runs fight for the forgotten charity building wells for the pygmies in the Congo. This is very important to me and I'm very happy that you guys

 

part of that, and you are connected to that. I don't that's

it's easy for someone to say that doesn't have an influence on the way we discuss things, but it doesn't. So if it does, I don't know

tell you I'm going to mention to just 'cause. I don't want people to come out and freak out later. I actually have like eighty shares in square which isn't really that much, but but it's something

it is it is it. So I don't want people to think you know whatever you you're the ceo of Square, I think right. Yeah, there you

they are. We on. We have a and

the reason why we decided to come together is we had. I thought, a great conversation last time, but there's a lot of people that were upset that there were some issues that we didn't discuss or didn't discuss in depth enough, or they felt that I didn't press you enough. I talked to TIM

because you know TIM and I have talked before and he made a video about it and I felt like his criticism was very valid, so we got a

phone and we talked about it and I knew immediately within the first few minutes of conversation that he was far more educated about this than I was so I said,

 

would you be willing to do a podcast and perhaps do a podcast with Jack and he

it absolutely so we did a podcast together. It was really well received. People felt like we covered a lot of the issues that they felt like. I didn't bring up, and so then Jack and I discussed it.

We said well, let's bring team on and then

Vigia on as well that right, yeah, that's a hard one. Sorry I'll get it right. I promise, but so we're

today,

the you,

you know: Sean Baker is he's a doctor who's, a prominent proponent of the carnivore diet. His post was his account was frozen today. I just sent it to Jamie

yeah. His count was frozen today because of

an image that he had because he's a proponent of the carnivore diet. There's a lot of people to believe that this elimination, diet is very healthy for you and it's no

to cure a lot of autoimmune issues with certain people, but some people argue a lot.

 

We oppose it because they think it's bad for the environment and are you should need me or whatever? The reasons are. This is huge in the the Pickering community yeah yeah. Well, it's the for a lot of

people that have autoimmune issues with particular psoriasis and arthritis.

This is a lifesaver, it's crazy! It's essentially

it's an autoimmune issue so because he

a photo of a lion in a ahead

eating a looks like a wildebeest or something like that. His account was locked

for violating these rules, rules against graphic violence or adult content in profile images. That's

seems a little silly and I thought I wanted

just mention that right away now, whose decision

is something like that like who decides to lock a guys account

because it has a nature image? You know natural,

 

predatory, behavior on this particular case. It's probably an algorithm that detected it and made some sort of an assessment, but as a general rule how we operate as a company as we rely on people to report information to us. So if you look at any tweet and you can kind of pull down on the carrot on the right- and you can say, report the tweet and then you have a bunch of categories you can choose from what you

to report I'm. I think this one in particular, though, is probably an algorithm. So how does does he have the ob

and to protest that or to ask someone to review it? Absolutely, and I I I'm guessing that people are already reviewing it, but there's a choice to appeal any action, and that would go to a human to make sure

that it is actually a violation of the rules or in this case, if it's not that

would be removed. Is that a violation of the rules that image? I don't think so. I don't think that that would be what we're trying to capture in terms of graphic images. In an avatar, it's more about violence towards that humans, unless it was some sort of cruelty depicting warehouse or something like that, but

 

this seems not the intention of the world. Does this hi this? One of the reason why I want to bring some meeting late does is highlight a flaw in the system in that people can target a new

visual cause with him he's a

he like, I said, he's a doctor and a proponent of this carnivore die, but he's also he ruthless in his

condemnation and mocking of vegans. He does it all the time, and so then

they get upset at him and they can target posts and just report them and mass, and when

do that, then this becomes an issue. I think this does reveal a part of you know the challenges that we face as a global our platform at scale. In this part, I don't I don't know what happened in this case. Are

it's hard for me to talk about it, but what I would say is that it doesn't really matter if one person reports it or ten thousand people report it like we're going to review the reports and we're gonna make

an assessment and we're never gonna. You know kick someone off the platform,

 

finally and forever without a person taking a look and making sure that it's an actual violation right, okay, so with them, but the mob reporting behavior

has happened. Yeah it does. It happens across the spectrum. I'd have to assume

going to be one direction. I can't imagine he would target vegans, but vegans would target him

right. Well, he might I mean he doesn't, but but or is he the kind of guys I want to report to vegans and get them banned from twitter? I wanna make fun of them. Is gonna make fun of them yeah they're, going to talk

him, trying get removed by exploiting the system that you guys have. It may not be him, though it could also be his followers.

It's a really complicated world out there. So you don't limitations of why people might report are different and it's not always under someone

for all the kiddies and even be other carnivore diet proponents who are just jerks that don't like him because he's getting all the love people are weird.

The the idea, though, is that it, it does kind of highlight a bit of a flaw in that. It's good

that someone, you might see something awful someone

 

someone or something like that, and then you can take that

report it and then people can see it and get rid of it and minimize the damage. That's done that

a big problem here, and that is the kind of our diet legitimately healthy. Is it a threat to your health, and, if it is, is what is twitter responsibility in controlling that information right? So just to clarify my in my, in my opinion, is if you want to be a point for the

of one night, let him but you've got people on Youtube, who are being de ranked for certain beliefs about certain health issues that I don't agree with, and so one of the risks that is, you know we're coming towards a position where people thing

some ideas are better than others. Therefore, as a company, we're gonna restrict access to certain information, you mean like anti vaccine, exactly right now, so so I'm, I guess I'm trying to say is at what point. Would you guys wrist

someone from sharing in for black false information about vaccines? I could get someone hurt. That is not a violation of twitter's rules. Now I think

 

I mean I'd, be interested to hear your ideas around this, but our our perspective right now is around this concept of variety perspective.

Like are we? Are we encouraging more echo chambers and Phil

Bubbles, or we at least showing people

all other information that might be counter to what they see and there's

there's a bunch of research that would suggest that further, our reviews there's also research that were suggested. It at least gives

of consideration about what they're, what they currently believe. So you guys

about given the dynamics of our network being completely public were not organized around.

These were not organized around topics. We have

a little bit more freedom to show more of the

spectrum of any one particular issue, and I think that's how we would we would approach it from the start. That said, we haven't really dealt much with misinformation. More broadly across, like these sorts of topics, we've we've focused our efforts on

 

elections. In what made the election trying to you know use it was a different animal. You know that is it. If someone can really convince you that the earth is flat, if you're gullible, when you watch a forty five minute you to video right now, it's it's kind of a different thing, but

I want I wanted to just kind of get into that statement. You made about misinformation and whether or not you'll police it. So I think that the tough part of this is really in love. To have a discussion about this is. Do you really want corporations to police? What's true

and not true, absolutely that's a really, really tough position, but you guys there that we try not to do that. We don't want

do that when you, when your rules, but the places that we focus on is where we think that people are going to be harmed by this in a direct and tangible way that we feel

responsibility to correct. I'm sorry, I'm your rules, him you mean by that name, is gender dead naming in

his gender yeah? That's a specific ideology! That's unique to a very small fraction of people in this world that you guys actually ban people for so the way I think of it is it's behavior based, and I know you think of it as Conta,

 

and we can. We can disagree on this point, but this is about. Why are you doing this to a trans person?

Why are you calling them by this name when they've chosen to go by a different name, or why are you adding them in some way? What is your intent and purpose behind that? I don't know. Yeah I mean interrupted in the interest of clarity. I want to do is explain what dead naming means right right. So what that so,

a transgender individual changes, their name when they transition a dead name would be their birth name or the name they went by before the transition. So

because my mom's probably going going an

 

the tax, what's a dead name and I will clarify to your role specifically targeted, Miss gender ring and an ending, I believe, that's correct right so years ago we we passed a policy that we call our hateful conduct policy and that prohibits targeting attacking someone based on their belonging and and any number of groups, whether it's because of their religion or their race or their gender or their sexual orientation or gender identity. So it was something that's broad base. Is that you? You can't choose to attack people because of these characteristics, but you do have limits on what characteristics you police right. So you're, not you're, not by banning people work for targeted trend spacing others right.

I will we. We have also general abuse and harassment rolls right which, as you can engage in abuse and harassment on the plot yeah, you can designate someone, but you can call them stupid. I'm generally I mean, if you created an account, that only

was there to call the same person stupid five thousand times, we'd, probably view that, as you know, target

 

brass targeted arrest me right. Yes, it's a function of it. It's a function, behavior like him, because people with our system can do this in massive losses.

Those are all too many silent. You from pop former to say, like I give up, I don't deal with this thing, I'm I'm out most of this. Not so

so we can just get into all of the big examples I mean

I love to TIM, but can we just take a step back and and try to levels that what we're trying to do in order to see sure think it's worth? Yes, yes, so as as a as a high level, I personally- and this is my job- to run the policy

team. I believe that everyone has a voice and should be able to use it, and I want them to be able to use it online

now, where we draw a line, is when people use their voice and use their platform to abuse and harass. Other people to silence them, because I think that that's what we've seen over the years is a number of people who have been silenced online because of the abuse and harassment they've received in the either stop talking or they leave the platform

 

in its entirety. If you look at free expression and free speech, laws around the world, they're, not absolute they're, not absolute, there's, always limitations on what you can say and it's when you're starting to endanger other people. So so so my question, then, is

when I was physically threatened on Twitter. You guys refused to take down the tweet and

shut up in Berkeley and someone physically threatened me because they were encouraged to when I was in Venezuela. I was physically threatened by high profile individual ten thousand people tweeting it. You guys do nothing right. So I guess there's the obvious

action. Why does it always feel like your policies are going one direction politically? You say it's about behavior

several times already, but I've already. I've got tons of examples of that not being the case,

and you will always be able to find those examples. Examples where you guys were alerted multiple times and did nothing like when Antifa Doc's, a bunch of law enforcement agents,

some of the tweets removed, but since September this tweet is still live with a list of private phone

numbers addresses yet Kathy Griffin, she's, fine, the guy who threat

 

the lives of these kids in Covington inside lock him in school and burn it down. You did nothing, I mean you got to spend it takes to reach down with the band for threatening the lives of kids. Absolutely not. Sir again we have, and I'm I'm happy to talk about all these details. We have our policies that are meant to protect people and they're meant to enable for expression as long as you're not trying to silence somebody else now we take a variety of different enforcement. Mechanisms are on that. Sometimes you get worn to. Sometimes your tweet is forced to be deleted. It's a very rare occasion where we will outright suspense

one without any sort of warning or any sort of ability to understand what happened. What did you guys do with Kathy Griffin when she was saying she wanted the names of those young kids

 

we're in the mag hats at the Covington High school cats out? There is a great example, Joe. So in that particular case you know our docks in policy really focuses on posting private information, which we don't consider names to be private. We consider your home address your home from your home phone number, your mobile phone number, those types of things to be private, so that particular case we took what I think now is probably

they very literal interpretation of our policy and said that that was not a doc sing incident. Do you think there was an error? I think that it was short

I didn't and given the context of what was going on there, that if I was doing this all over again, I would probably ask my team to look at that through the lens of what was the purpose behind that tweet. And if the purpose was in fact, Thio identify these kids either either them them are abusing harass them, which probably waas, then we should be taking a more expansive view of that

policy and including that type of content, especially considering the fact they're minors I mean. I would think that right away, that would be like the approach so

 

so. This is a trial and error, sort of learn and move on with new information sort of a deal. Absolutely we're going to learn. We're going to make a ton of mistakes were trying to do this with hundreds of millions of accounts all around the world. Numerous languages were going to make mistakes, even if we get better, there will always be mistakes, but we're hoping to learn from those and to make ourselves better and to catch cases like timbs or others where we clearly may have made an error and I'm open to having those discussions. I'm not I'm sorry to

Miglior with your specific cases, but I'd love to follow up with you and you only jot down, but we we we try to pull that up. So it's a b, I t dot, L Y, Slash, Anti fun, tweet all lower case. This is

also in evolution.

Privatization as well one of the things we've come

recently as we do we do need. We do need to privatize these efforts, both in terms of policy enforcement. How are thinking about evolving them?

One of the things that we want to focus on as number one is physical safety and

 

lead you immediately to something like doc and

now. The only way we take action on a toxin case is if it's reported or not.

What we want to move to is to be able to recognize those in real time, at least in the english language, recognize those in real time

throwing machine learning out rooms and take the action before it has to be to so we're purely right now on going after after docks cases with our our them, so that we can be

active. That also requires a much more rigorous appeals process to correct us when we're wrong, but we think it's tightly scoped enough. It impacts the most important thing, which is someone's physical safety. Once we learn from that, we can

really look at the the biggest issue with our system. Right now is all the burden is placed upon the victim. So we only act based on reports. We we don't have a lot of enforcement, especially with with more of the more the more

 

the takedowns that are run through machine learning and deep learning out. But if something is reported, a human

does review it eventually, or are there a series of reports that you never get to? There's there's probably reports. We don't I mean we, we prioritize the queue based on severity and

the thing that will mark severity is something like physical safety or private information or not. So generally, we try to get through everything, but we have to prioritize that q even coming on.

If, if someone threatened the lives of someone else, you would would you band that account? Would you tell them like, like let's say someone tweeted three times kill these people? I want them dead.

The times is that yes, ultraviolet didn't get an abandoned, though, and I don't know why not add up Jamie? That's out, I don't know,

 

I don't necessarily want to give out specific user names, because they're, not people, just point the finger at me and saying I'm getting these people band, but they're. You know during Covington this guy said multiple times to he wanted, as Father was to go and kill these kids yeah and- and we have to look at that, but we also look in the context because we also have, I think we talked about this a lot in the last part,

but we we have gamers on the platform who were saying exactly that to their friends that they're going to meet at the games in the game tonight and without the context of the relationship with that. The context of the conversation that we're having we'll take the exact same action on on them incorrectly, yeah.

Absolutely that that I understand, I think, in the case of

Covington, though know this user was so high profile. He's a verified use

he's got something like twenty thousand followers and it was high

by numerous conservative media outlets. Saying wow this guy's it screenshot, it's being shared. I mean you had a Disney producer like saying a picture of a which

or with a body being thrown in it same as we wanted to happen. You know

 

I do know that some of these accounts got lock Disney producer was that well I'll I'll clarify fact check me on that, but that's the basically that conversation I was added as a guide Disney. Was he posted a picture from Fargo of someone being

tossed in a wood chipper, and he says I want all these Marga kids. You know done don't like this. You had

the guy who specifically said lock them

the school burn. It down said a bunch of disparaging things and then said: if you see them fire on that many tweeted that more than once, and that those accounts were at those streets were taken down. Those were violations or rules that I'm pretty sure it's actually illegal. To do that right. It's to to to to tell it to tell your I need and if

you will to commit a felony is a crime like right: okay, incitement of ounces or yeah. Yes, right, I'm in many places. I I just have to wonder how it how it like, I understand the context issue, but this is what, with this, what I talk,

what were those contacts and scale to, though the time those accounts were action and they may not

an action? The way you wanted to that too, but the tweets were forced to be deleted and that counter sure I

 

a penalty for that. So I understand that what kind of penalty? Well again, as I said earlier Joe, we don't usually automatically suspend accounts with

violation, because we want people to learn. We want people to understand what they did wrong and give them an opportunity not to do it again right and it's it's a big thing to kick someone off the platform, and I take that very very seriously so so I want

make sure that when someone violates

our rules, they understand what happened and they were given an opportunity to. You know, get back on the platform and change their behavior.

So in many of these cases, what happens is we will for someone to acknowledge that their tweet violated our rules force them to delete that tweet before they can get back on the platform and

in in many cases, if they do it again, we give him a time out which is like seven days when we say look, you done it again through

suspension. If you do do out about your mom,

so they on exactly and motor, and if you do it again, then you're not

it's kind of like you know three strikes sort of like baseball,

 

and so in some of these cases, that TIM is referencing. I have to imagine cause these tweets were deleted. They are violations of our rules. People are upset that the account came back

and was allowed to say other things, but we did take action on those streets they were

relations of, and then you have people like my low, who is mean to a person and you delete you banned him permanently, there's a lot more than that, after more than about it, yeah yeah, I'm I'm happy to talk about. My loan actually brought the tweets because so let's, let's preface that by saying the point I want to make sure it's clear- is that you have somebody who actively called for the death of people. I understand the context issue maybes talk about video games, how Texans go and scale. So this is a verify

the and this just the complexity in in acting. It's not an excuse.

Why we don't do it in particular, and then then

there that they're a lot of other examples to get into more, egregious areas that I've prepared. So here we have someone with over two

one thousand followers he's verified numerous times insights, his followers to commit a crime against these kids. The action

taken against him is the tweets you get to spank you get time out. Then you

 

people like Alex Jones to be rated a CNN reporter permanently banned. You get Miley Annapolis. He was mean I'm in the band, but that's your impression. That's not what happened. Okay, the details of this one. Yes, please! Let's do this wanted to

let's start with Milo. So what was the details of Milo?

So Milo had a number of tweets that violet

did our rules going back to two thousand and fourteen, but I'm gonna talk about the final three in this very strange concept. He

claim to be a Buzzfeed reporter reporter his bio and he's

verified account, so that is impersonation. I'm not sure why he did that he did do that. Will Buzzfeed a left wing

Bing thing, so he was doing parody potentially, but our priority rules are very specific. That, if you have an account, that's me being is a parody account. You need to say that it is a parody account, so you want these people, everybody who knows Milo would know that is not a buzz feed reporter that people who don't know Milo, will look at that verified account and say:

 

wasn't verified after while you removed his verification, he violated our rules, clarification, so the viable via the verification, was removed. Because of the Buzzfeed thing I believe so I can. I can come from them, couldn't believe so. He also docked someone. He PA

posted private information about an individual, so that was the second one he

tweeted to somebody else. If you were

child, I'd have dashed your head on a rock and tried again, which we viewed as a threat. Really,

that seems like he's saying, like your mom, should have swallowed you. You know it's like

you know. I'm saying is like you're a mistake. I think that's a threat. I understand why reasonable people would have different impressions of this, I'm just going through and telling you what they are just. So we have all the facts on the table.

I know and debate them and then the

that's when we found a bunch of things that he posted that we viewed as incitement of abuse against Leslie Jones there's a bunch of the

 

but the one that I like to look at, which really convinced me is he posted to doctor tweets that were supposedly by Leslie Jones? They were fake, tweets

and the first one said: white people are getting on my nerves like. How can you call yourself human and then the second one said, the God, damn a slur for a jewish person at Sony. Ain't paid me yet damn fix new,

better pay up. So this was just a fake tweet that someone had photoshopped to reduce you to face to face tweets, and we know they were faked, because we could still tell from the of the software and then they were faked. Is it can't always tell so

it is? It is possible that he didn't know they were faked,

that someone sent it to him and he didn't do his due diligence and looking it up and it is possible, but it was pointed out to him that they were fake because he left it on and not only did he leave it on. He said, don't tell me,

 

he's a mischievous internet. Rascal made them up exclamation point. So this in the car,

a bunch of other things he was saying towards Leslie Jones on Twitter. I and my team felt that this was taken as a whole. Incitement

harassment against her wasn't there another issue with multiple accounts that were connected to him. There were

a bunch of other issues on the background, but these are the three primary things that we looked at in terms of the other

things that were in the background weren't. They multiple accounts that were connected to him, like. I think that I'm not sure about that.

So I think it was more that we found him to be engaging in coordinated, behavior and inciting people to to attack

Jones. Now, with a case like him. No I'm just going to be honest, but I'm listening to those or listening to

 

those tweets. Are they don't sound that bad? They certainly don't sound as bad as calling for the death of a child who's wearing a maggot had thrown into a woodchipper the fact that that guy still out there tweet

and yet Milos, not Milos initial. The whole thing stemmed stem from other than the Buzzfeed thing step

from his legitimate criticism of a film and he's, you know, he's a satirist. He was mocking this film. The daxing incident wasn't related Danzig in. Why don't we?

But we all agree that Doc sing is something that's what our should take out. A hundred percent ran. It yet is friend people in real life, and I take an enormous amount of responsibility for that, because I fear daily

for the things that are happening on the platform that are translating into the real world. So

Milo is a contentious figure and there's certainly think

can pull up that. I wouldn't agree with anything he did there. I I think those are horrible. I think Joe about some really good points, but what about Chuck Johnson I was struck Johnson Band, I don't have those details and training to Chuck

 

Johnson said that he was preparing something to take out their derailment Casson and in that you're in a journalistic context. People take this to mean he was gonna, do a dossier or some kind of hit piece on the right.

It probably band, and my understanding- and it's been a long time since I've read this. There was some leaked emails. I think from Dick A where he said.

Maybe it wasn't that I want to drag dick. I don't know who it was exactly. They said. I don't care just get rid of him and he was off so you have

and again maybe there's some hidden context there I don't know, but on this earth

that's the concern is that this is always leaning towards the left. I would absolutely is, and I'm I'm not even getting started. I can understand why you feel that way. I don't think that's true. I think we look at each individual instance of violations. There are rules and try to make the

ass case that we can, but I'm not trying- and I do think Joe just Thio just to say I do think. We've failed in a couple of ways and I want to admit that

 

ok number one we haven't done enough education about water rules are 'cause. A lot of people violate our rules and they don't even know it like some of the statistics that we've looked at like for a lot of first time, users of the platform, if they violate the rule once almost two slash three of them never violate the rules again. So we're not talking about like a bunch of people accidentally like if they know what the rules are. Most

people can avoid it in most people when they feel the sting of a violation they go. Okay, I don't want to lose my rights to post exactly and they're and they're able to do it. So we have a lot of work to do on education, so people really understand what the rules are in the first place. The other thing we have to do to address these allegations that we're doing this from a biased perspective is to be really clear about what types of behavior are caught by our rules on what types or not and to be transparent within the product. So when a particular tweet is found to be in violation of our rules being very, very clear, like this sweet was found, be in violation of this particular world, and that's all work that we're doing is. We think the combination of education and transparency is

 

really important, particularly for an open platform like Twitter, it's it's just part of who we are and we have to build into the product. I appreciate that your particular thoughts, though, on those examples that he described when you talking about someone saying we should throw these children into a wood, chipper verses, Chuck Joe

Constant saying he should take this guy.

He wants to prepare a dossier to take

child or how do you say it? Is it something like I'm gonna take out here and it has and with he said, I'm preparing to take out there. Some, like that, I can't preparing.

I know I can understand it could be misconstrued as he was trying to assassinate him. You could you could misconstrue it that,

but not a direct threat, but at the other one's a direct threat, one guy is banned for life, the other guy and still post, and we can I'm happy to follow up. I was don't have all the Chuck Jones and it's not about one thing that it's about a pattern and practice of violating, and we don't. We don't want to kick someone off for one thing, but if there's a pattern and practice like there was for Milo, we are gonna have to take action at some point, because we can't sit back and let people be abusing her house and silent

 

on the plot. Well, so so one really important thing that needs to be stated is that twitter, by definition, is a biased platform in favor of the left period. Does not

not a question. I understand you might have your own interpretation, but it's very simple. Conservatives do

I agree with you on the definition of miss gender. If you have a rule in place that specifically adheres to the left ideology, you by

fault, are enforcing rules from a biased perspective. Lets him. There are a lot of people on the left who don't agree with how we're doing our job either for sure and those.

I think that we don't take enough action on have you arrested and we left far too much behavior go anything radical example, though I mean what he's talking about. I mean terms of generalities, the the the in general things lean far more left. Would you agree that I don't know what that means, but in this particular case it's how the speech is being used. This is a new vector of attack that people have felt

that I don't want to be on this platform anymore, because I'm being harassed and abused, and I need to get the hell out of people

grass and abuse me all day and night. You don't do anything about that. I might my notification

 

how many a lot at ninety nine you have a worse than I do. I mean you got to Stanley more followers and I don't click on over

tab anymore, because it's basically just harassment- and I even when so,

is a really funny anecdote. I was covering a story in Berkeley and someone said: if you see him

him like it was it was I'm paraphrasing. They said. Basically, just

let me take my stuff steal from me and Twitter told me

after review was not a violation of their policy. Somebody

made an illusion to me being a homosexual and I reported that instantly gone so when

so for me, I'm looking I'm like well, of course. Of course, Twitter is going to enforce the social

justice aspect of their policy immediately, in my opinion, probably because you guys have pr constraints and you're probably nervous about that,

but when someone actually threatens me with a crime and insights their fathers to do it, nothing got done, I'm not the only

 

who feels that way. Tim, that's a mistake. If someone acts in that manner and threatens to hurt you that's a violation of our rules right. Maybe there was a mistake there and I'm happy to go and correct that, and we can do it offline, so we don't fear any sort of reprisal against you.

That's a mistake. That's not an agenda on my part or in the the team's with this

we don't mail. Any pr constraints

is not so why did you ban Alex Jones? You can get in that? You want

absolutely ready for sure all. Oh I've been ready for.

Well, let me say this. The reason I bring him up is that Oliver Darcy one of the lead report

is covering Alex Jones and his content said on CNN that

it was only after media pressure. Did the social networks take action? So that's why I bring up

the glee because it in in sort of implies, you are under p r constraints to get rid of him. I think if you look at the p r,

 

that's what I went through in that incident. It wouldn't be that we've looked good and I think you have and that's not at all why we took action service. We get. You have to look at the the full context in the spectrum here, because one of the things I

happened over a weekend is what Alex mentioned on your on your podcast

from he was removed from the Itunes podcast record. That was the that was the Lynch PIN for him because it it it drove all the traffic to what he said. Basically is our immediately after that we saw our peer companies. Facebook Spotify Youtube, also take action.

We did not. We did not because we, when we looked at our service and we looked at the reports on their service, we did not find anything in violation of our rules. Then

we got into a situation where suddenly, a bunch of people were reporting content on our platform, including CNN,

 

who wrote an article about all the things that might violate our rooms, rules that we looked into and we gave him one of the of the warnings and then we can get into the actual details, but yeah

we did not follow. We we resisted just being

like a domino with our peers because it wasn't consistent with our rules and the contract we put in before our customers. So what was it that major banham? So there were three separate incidents that came to our attention after the fact. Ah, that were reported to

spied by different users out there was a a and a video that was up loaded that showed a child's being violently thrown to the ground and crying that was the first one. This

second one was a video that we viewed as incitement of violence. I can read it to you, it's a sure, a little it's a little bit of a transcript, but

 

but now it's time to act on the enemy before they do a false flag. I know the Justice Department's crippled with a bunch of followers and cowards, but there's groups are grand juries there is you called for it it's time for medically, economically and judiciously and legally and criminally to move against these people? It's got to be done now, get together. The people, you know, aren't traitors, aren't cowards, aren't helping their frickin bats, hedging their frickin bats. Like all these other assholes do in. Let's go, let's do it, so people need to have their and

there's a bunch of other stuff, but at the end, so people need to have their battle rifles ready and everything ready at their bedsides and you've got to be ready because the media so disciplined in their deception.

So this is your

you're saying that this is a call to violence against the media. That's what it sounded like to us at the time and

there been a number of incidents of violence against the media. And again I take my responsibility for what happens on the

platform and how that translates off platform very seriously and that felt like it was an incitement to violence. If he

 

only to the incitement to violence would have been fine if he only if that only tweeted, that Trans saying get about a your battle rifles ready, you wouldn't have deleted his account

again context matters to him right about one thing, so we have to look at the entire context of what's going on, so I'm asking was that was that agree just enough for you to say that alone that wasn't done wasn't there was one number two right right so then I guess the question is: what was the video context of the kid being thrown to the ground? Was it news worthy we are we are visited.

I think so in depicting violence against the child is not something that we would allow on the platform. Even if it's news contact,

if it was there are certain types of situations where, if you were reporting on you know

war zone and and things that might be happening, we would put a interstitial on that type of content, that's graphic or violent, but we didn't feel that that was the contact.

Well, there's a video that's been going around that was going around few for five weeks ago, the one where the the girls were yelling at that big giant guy and the guy punched that girl in the face- and she was like eleven years old. I saw that multiple times on Twitter, that was one of

 

most violent. Things are seen this giant man punched this eleven year old girl in the face, and that was

was that removed from Twitter. I don't know I I would have to go see if anyone reported it to us E. I think one of the issues here is to is you know you do you want to get to the third one, so the third strike um the week we looked at was

a verbal altercation that Alex got into with a journalist and in that altercation there, which was uploaded to Twitter

a number of statements using eyes of the rat even more evil. Looking

person he's just scum you're a virus to a

and freedom smelling like a possum that climbed out of the rear end of a dead cow. You look like a possum that got caught

some really really nasty stuff. In my view, there was a bunch of that's a little

really that's hilarious pattern in practice, but it was a terrible altercation that was posted on her, so so we took. The

 

totality of this had been warned that we have rules against abuse and harassment of individuals. We saw this pattern and practice. One strike two strike three strikes and we made a decision

and so that last one was on periscope. Is that what it was that he broadcast through? I?

It was originally on periscope, but it was also reposted from multiple related accounts on twitter. So we can.

We can agree with you when you say these things. Like you know, Alex said this sounds like a threat. He was berating this person

awful things, but ultimately your judgment is the contact. You say we have to pay attention to context,

trusting that you made the right decision. Well, I'm I'm giving you as much fact

as I I can give you here, and I think that this is the real hard part of content moderation at scale on global platforms. It's not easy and I don't think Jack or I would tell you

that it's easy, it's a preposterous volume. You guys have to deal with and that's one of things things that I wanted to get into with Jack when I first had him on, because when my thought- and

 

I wasn't as concerned about the censorship as many people,

my main concern was: what is it like to

art? This thing, that's kind of for fun and then all of sudden it becomes the premier platform for free speech on the planet earth. So it just it is that, but it's also a platform, that's used to abuse and harass ally

people and in use in ways that none of us wanted to be yours, but unless it happens, does so and I think it's an enormously complicated challenge for any company to do content, moderation at scale and that's something that we are sitting down thinking about. How do we take this forward in presence here, because this is the dozens go yeah? But so, let's, let's together contacts that we we've heard what you said, why? What Alex Jones? It was bad.

Now we can look at it. This way. Oliver Darcy, who has on numerous occasions, insulted conservatives recently on CNN, called them gullible. Being sold red meat by grifters repeatedly covers a story. I'm gonna do a quotes because I think

 

sent he's allowed to cover these stories. He keeps going after Alex Jones. He keeps digging through his history.

Then he goes on tv and says we got a band. Then L

Jones confronts him in a very aggressive and mean way, and that's your justification for four or I should say I invert the time line. Basically,

you have someone who's relentlessly digging through stuff insulting you

calling you names, sifting through your history, trying to

anything they can to get you terminated going on

tv, even writing, numerous stories, you confront them and

say you're evil and you say a bunch of really off.

I mean things and then you ban him right, and then you post that information and all over the

right. But you have a journalist who recently went on tv and said: CPAC is a bunch of gullible conservatives being fed red meat by grifters. You can tell this skies not

got honest and not as agenda. So what you have it to me. It looks like the conservatives to an extent, probably will try and mass flag people on the left, but from a

 

ideological standpoint you have the actual. You know whatever people want to call it. A sect of Arian left that believe. Free speech is a problem that have little

please shut up in Berkeley, burning, free speech signs and then you concern

lives, who are tweeting, mean things and the concern

those are less likely in bed. I think it's fair to point out less likely to try to get someone else band because they like playing off them and the left is, is targeting the

so you end up having disproportionate lot of assumptions and what you're saying-

and I don't know what basis you're saying those things that I mean. You have conservatives demanding free speech and you have liberals. I should say liberals, you have what people refer to as the regressive left calling for the restrictions on speech. You have these, I I don't know what those terms mean. To be honest with you, we have people on all sides of the spectrum who believe in free speech and I'm I. I believe that to be the case, so your platform restricts speech. Our platform promotes speech unless people violate our rules and in a specific direction

 

in any direction, but uncle I don't want to see his name. The guy who calls for death, gets suspension, the guy who insinuates that gets a permanent ban, but TIM misinterpreting. What I'm saying and I feel like you're doing it deliberately it's not about one particular thing. It's about a pattern and practice of violating of violating you have a pattern and practice of banning. Only one faction of recently published an article where they looked at twenty two high profile banning from two thousand and fifteen and found twenty

one of them were only on one side of the cultural debate. But I don't look at the political spectrum of people when I'm looking at their

right. You, you have a high. Yes, they are your biased and your your targeting specific individuals, because your rule support this perspective. Now I don't

well. Can you be clear, though, in in like what rules support that person, specifically the the easiest one is Miss generating right, because that so clearly ideological. If you ask a conservative, what is

Miss misgendering they'll say: if someone is biologically male and you call them, you know, should

 

a menu all the machine. That's miss gender. As a conservative view, the the the progressive view is inverted. So now you actually have in your policies a a rule. Against the conservative perspective, I have a rule against the abuse and harassment of trans people on our platform.

That's what my rules we just give contacts in the background as to know why that is, and I brought some some research. So we obviously

a lot of feedback. So we don't make these rules in a vacuum. Just to be clear. We have a a

of people all around the world to give us contacts and the types of behavior they're, seeing how that translates into real world harm and they give us feedback, and they tell us like you- should consider different types of rules. Different types of perspectives, different like, for example, when we try to enforce hateful conduct in a are hateful conduct policy in a particular country. We're not gonna, know all the slur words. The

 

are used to target people of a particular race or particular religion. So we're going to rely on a building out a team of experts all around the world who are gonna, help us enforce our rules. So in the particular case of Miss Jenna ring I'm just trying to pull up

of the studies that we looked at, but we looked at the American Association of Pediatrics and looked at the number

of transgender youths that were committing suicide. It's an astronomical! I'm sorry can't find it right now in front of me. It's a really really high statistic. That's like ten times with the normal suicide rate is of normal teenagers and we looked at the causes of what that was happening in a lot of. It was not just violence towards those individuals, but it was bullying behavior and what was what were those bullying behaviors that were contributing to that and that's why we made this rule because we thought- and we believe that those types of behaviors

 

were happening on our platform and we wanted to stop it now. There are exceptions to this rule. We don't- and this is all of this- isn't about like public figures and there's always gonna be public figures that you're gonna want to talk about, and that's that's fine, but this is about. Are you doing something with the intention of abusing and harassing a trans person

the platform and are they viewing it that way and reporting it to us so that we take action? So so I

we'll just state I actually agreed with the rule on from my point of view, I I agree that bowling and harassing trance peoples in in in higher entirely wrong. I disagree with that, but I do want to make sure it's clear to everybody who's listening. My point is simply that you know Ben Shapiro went on a talk, show and absolutely refused and that's his check. You know and he's one of the big

podcasts in the world. So if you have all of his millions upon millions of followers who are looking at this rule saying this goes against my view of the world, and it is literally sixty plus one million in this country. You

 

do you have a rule, that's ideologically bent, and and it's it's true you. What did you do the research you believe this? Well, then, you have Ben Shapiro who did his wrist research and doesn't

leave, and I relied on the American Association of Pediatrics and ah you, human rights

so another and I'm sure he has his sources to for when he gives his name. As the point is a, but if you don't just wonder if they have that context I mean

and that's where we have also for its its its laws. Just explaining the. Why? Behind a lot of our rivals, in reasons I I would agree- and I think it's fine, you do

research and you found this to be true, but we can't simply say

maybe Ben Shapiro and the other conservatives who feel as we don't know we have to we. We can't you know the point I make is it's: it's simply whether you believe it. What, whether you justified or not, is not the point. The point is you: do you do have this role? That rule is at odds with conservatives period? Well, I think I I think that you're you're generalizing, but I think it is really important, as Jack said, to the why, behind these things,

 

the? Why is to protect people from abuse and harassment? On our part, though, I understand, but you essentially created a protected class. If this is the case, because, despite these studies

and what you know, the studies are showing there's a gigantic suicide

amongst Trans people period. It's a forty percent, it's it's outrageously, outrageous!

Now, whether that is because of gender dysphoria with us because of the complications from sexual

surgery, sexual transition surgery, whether it's because of bullying weather,

because of this awful feeling of being born in the wrong gender, whether that all that is yet to be determined. The fact that

they've shown that there's is

large amount of trans people that are committing suicide. I

don't necessarily think that that makes that makes

sense in terms of people

from someone's perspective. Like a Ben Shapiro saying,

if you are biologically female, if you were born with a double

 

x chromosome, you will

never be x y. If he said.

Is that that's that's a vial

of your policy and this is

you're, creating a protected class to beat

be fair targeted

if it's targeted at or door targetting. Look like this so far expressed that opinion so would be totally entitled to express that opinion. If he's doing

a manner, that's targeted at an individual repeatedly repeated repeatedly and saying that okay, but what about? Well? That's where the intent you know. What's going on with Martina Navratilova right now, Martina Navratilova, my my cancer last economic yeah, I never wrote,

I don't think I've ever seen it Martina Navratilova, tell Ova! Is it tell over

up anyway, Epic World class,

but Legend tennis player, who happens to be a lesbian, is being harassed

just because she says that she doesn't believe that train

his women being someone who is biologically male, who transitions to a female should be able to compete in sports against biological feet.

 

This is something that I agree with is something I have personally experience.

It's a tremendous amount of harassment because I stood

when there was a woman who who a trans woman who is fighting biological females in mixed martial arts. Fights and destroying these women- and I was saying saying you- do just watch this

and tell me this- doesn't look crazy to well you

well. My point is you should be

express yourself in if you say

that you believe someone is biologically male, even though they are dented

is a female. That's a perspective that should be valid

mean that this is someone's someone's. This is first of all,

it's biologically correct, so we have a

problem in that if you're

standards and your policies are not bio,

logically accurate, then

you're dealing with an ideological. You know I'm an ideological policy, and it just because I mean I don't I don't want to target

 

trans people. I don't want to harass them. I certainly don't call anybody whatever they want me. If you

want to change your name to a woman's name and identifies a woman. I am one hundred percent cool with that, but

by saying I don't think that you should be able to compete as a woman. This

opens me up for harassment and I never reported any of it. I just don't pay attention to it, but going into

you like Megan Murphy, for instance right you can call the target harassed

if Megan Murphy, who is a for those that are don't, don't, know, she's out radical feminists who refuses to use the Trans gender pronouns. If she's in an argument with a trans person over whether or not they should be allowed in sports or in biologically female spaces, and she refuses to use their pronoun because of her ideology, you'll be on them again. It depends on the context on the platform and it's

so and what not banned permanently. Thank you get one she was banned permanently, but with what she was about. What happened to that? She was more land because, once or not to me what? What? What did she actually do?

 

My understanding and I don't have the tweet by tweet the way that I did for the

there's, but my understanding is that she was warned multiple times for misgendering, an individual that she was in an argument with in this.

It is actually bringing a lawsuit against her in Canada as well. So it is, you have an argument between two people.

Can I have a rule that enforces only one side of the ideology and you've banned only one of those people. We have a rule that attempts to address what we have perceived to be instances,

abuse abuse, harassment, harassment. She was allergy, it is an ideology, but if she's saying a man is never a woman, if that's what she's saying and then biologically she's correct, we obviously have a debate here. This is not a clear cut. This is

something like you say: water is wet. You know this is dry it's. This is not like something you can prove. This is

something where you you have to acknowledge that there

is it an understanding that if someone is a Trans person, we all

 

agree to consider them a woman and to think of them as a woman to talk to the

address them with their preferred name and their preferred pronouns, but biologically

this is not accurate. So we have we have

divide here. We have a divided

the conservative estimation of what's happening and then the definition- that's the liberal definition of it. I think that's right Joe, and I think what I'm trying to say is that it's not that you can't have those few points at that, if you're taking those viewpoints and you're targeting and at that at a specific person in a way

that reflects your intent to abuse and what, if it's, in the context of the conversation, what is she saying that I don't think that trans women should be allowed in these female spaces to

decisions for women, and then

this person's arguing- and she says a woman- is by

the female. You are never going to be a woman. She responded with men, aren't women, though, and that was her first

in the series of events, that's what got of the suspension and the warning. That was

 

one of many tweets. That was part of providing context, and that was actually the second second actually strike is my

understanding the? Why is that a strike yeah? Why is that a struct? But again like it's the context of I don't I don't have all the trees are running. There were like ten or twelve tweets going back and forth,

and my understanding is that, in the context of all of those, she was Miss entering a particular person, not that she was holding a

who a mother person that wasn't it. I don't know it was

so I don't you're having you having an individual who is debating a high profile individual in our community and she's expressed

sing, her her ideology of,

and you have opted to ban one of those ideologies. It's within the context of this conversation. This is this is what is being debated, whether or not someone is in fact a woman when they

born a male. I understand that this is controversial. I

 

I do I especially to a radical feminist. I understand. Why is why people would not agree with the role, but that being said, it is a rule on our platform and once you're warned about the will to repeatedly post the same content is also going to be a vital

one of our rules, but the this this seems like a good example of an ideologically based rule. If you're,

if she's saying that a man is never a woman, though that is not in that context, harassment that is a very

specific opinion that she had.

That happens to be biologically accurate. Now I don't know, I don't

agree with targeting harassment on anybody,

and I I targeted harassment on Trans people work or straight

people or whatever I don't. I don't agree with it. I don't think you should do it. It's just

it's not something I want to do, but in this

 

context what she saying is not just her her expression, but it's accurate. I think an important point is if I tweeted to you, JO, JO, you are not a hamster that

clearly not a violation of the rules. However, there are identifies a hamster. Well, no, it wouldn't be clear.

I know people who have specifically begun using begun of animals to avoid getting avoid off the platform for breaking the rules. The rules, certain individuals just

did now use certain small woodland creatures in place.

Slurs, so they're not really,

and it's fine, but there are people who consider themselves trans species. Now, I'm not trying to belittle the Trans community by no means, I'm just trying to point

now that you have a specific rule for one set of people and they're at they're, so they're people who have

 

body dysphoria. You don't have rules on that they're people who have actually amputated their own arms. You don't have rules on that. You have a very specific rule set and in more importantly, in the context of a targeted conversation, I can say a whole bunch of things that would never be considered a rule break, but that one is which is ideologically driven.

Yeah, thank you for the feedback. I mean we're we're again always learning and trying to understand different people's perspectives, and all I'll say

is that our intent is not to police ideology. Our intent is to police behaviors that we view is abuse, movement, harassment, and I hear your point of view and

it's something that I'll definitely discuss with my team and even in this case it was. It wasn't just um a going against this particular rule, but also things that were more ban. Evasive as well, including taking a screenshot of the

 

tweet reposting at which is a concert or terms are well. That sounds like a it's more the actions. It sounded like a protest against your role, but

to stand you the them for it, but people can protest anyone of our rules. We can't we can't like let them do that. No

right, any I'm, not I'm not a great. I I understand you're saying, but I just want to make sure I point out. She was clearly doing it as an effort to push back on what she viewed as an ideologically driven role.

Well, this is the problem is. This is a real debate in the LGBT community. This is a debate where there is a division and there's a division

between people that think that trans women are

evading biological female

spaces and making decisions that don't benefit these biological females,

this gender, whatever you want to call them. This is an actual

bay and it's a a debate amongst progressive people amongst left wing people. It's a debate amongst amongst

this is I mean I would imagine. The

the majority of people in the lbgt community are in fact on the left, and this is one example of that, so you have a protect

 

class. That's having an argument with a woman who feels like there,

a nine ideological bent to this conversation. That is not not only not accurate, but not fair, and she feels like it's not fair for biological women. The same is Martina well I'll. Uh. Take this to its

logical conclusion. I got sent a screenshot from somebody, and maybe it's fake. I think it was real. They were having

it with someone on Twitter and responded with dude comma. You don't know about a block and they got a suspension. A lockout and delete the tweet, because

the individual, using a cartoon avatar with the eight with with the name with apparently was SAM reported inside, that I'm transgender he's calling you dude and the do in the end that twitter user actually got a suspension for it. So I can understand mistakes happen, but when you have a rule, that's

like that. There's colloquial terms that are like man come on. Don't say that dude is like we say like like, like I asked you guys when you were were going to photo in front of this thing. I said guys, but I

 

included you and I didn't. I wasn't offended you and I will have reported you for it. Thank you yeah. It's it's

tricky, but in this case of Megan Murphy, that's her name right, yeah yeah! I did that doesn't make any sense to me that scene

she should be allowed to express herself in in this. Is this is not being she's not being mean

by saying a man is never a woman. This is a perspective that that is signed,

typically accurate, and that's

it's part of the problem. I think I I I I just want to run to beating a dead horse. I think I wanna we wanted to

it's a really important thing to

go over all the nuances of this particular subject, because I think that one in particular highlights this

idea of where the problems lie in having a protected class and

but I think, should be compassionate. We have a lot of protected classes. Gender race, nationality, like these are the protective glass

 

for white people. It is it when you say gender or race when it was not all protected category. So you can't attack someone for their belonging to a particular race or part

secular religion, but you can mock white people ad nauseam, it's not a problem, it doesn't get, it doesn't get removed. I'm not talking about mocking I'm talking about abusing and harassing,

but I mean, if you mark a black person. In the same way, it would be considered

argh racism um again it's about targeted harassment on the platform,

but well that's what is targeted harassment I mean, but when you're ok, we'll give you have what is racism?

Is racism only mean there's this progressive perspective of racism? That is only

symbol if you're from more powerful class only punching down, that's the only racism. I don't think that makes any sense. I think racism is looking at someone that,

from whatever whatever race and decide,

hiding that they are in fact less or less worthy or less value

 

double whatever it is that that takes place across the platform against white people.

Now, I'm not saying white people need to be protected. I know it's easier, being a white person in America, the fact, but it's hypocritical

to have a policy that only

distinguishes you can make fun of white people all day long. But if you decide to make fun of

asian folks or you know, fill in the blank that is

racist, but making fun of white people isn't and it doesn't get removed. There are tons,

look about Sarah

from the New York Times. That's

well! I can actually explain that one please do! That was that my minus

is that you guys started banning people officially under these policies around two thousand and fifteen and most all the tweets she made was prior to that, and so you didn't enforce. The old tweets are hateful conduct policy, Joe just to be clear, is, is across the board, meaning like it doesn't just protect women and protects men, and women protects all races. It doesn't matter, and this is how the law is set up in the United States right. You can't discriminate against white men. You can't discriminate against Blackman, like

 

those are the laws right like that's the structure it is it doesn't. It doesn't take into consideration power. Some one says something about white people and marks white people on Twitter. What do you do about that? If it's targeted harassment targeted at a person, so

just white people in general? If you say something about white people in general? It's on an issue that well I mean we focus on target harassment, which is behavior that has targeted against an individual who belongs to that class. Okay, because if you try to police every opinion that people have about different races or religions, like obviously that's a very different story, so this is about. If you target that to somebody who belongs to that class and that's reported to us, that is a violation of our rules, and so in the Sarah Jeong case. Ah lot, we did see many tweets of that nature, that we're focused on people who were white or men, and our rules in this area came into effect in two

 

two fifteen, which was our hateful conduct policy, and a lot of those tweets were from a time period where those rules weren't enough and in her defense she was actually supposedly responding to people that have you don't believe,

come on over three years

and she's tweeting blanket statements about yeah, sure sure, but so I will

say to obviously I've done it

on my one point. So in that case there were tweets from before the rules went into effect in tweets from after the rules went into effect and we did take action on the tweets

from after the rules went into she's, also pretty young, but right so I want to point yeah sure,

yeah, so we're talking about something that might have happened eight years ago right right, twenty it was like twenty eleven thirty yeah, but I do want to point this out before coming on obviously did not. I did it in a lot of research. I searched for slurs against white people, black people, that he knows, and I found copious just just tons and tons of them. Now they don't go back up most of what I found it go back to Fox. It does seem like you guys, are doing your best, but there is also-

 

and it targets- White People- black people, jewish people everywhere- and I can I can I can. I can understand that you guys you gotten hundreds of millions, but let's, let's,

let's, let's try another subject. Just just address that point- and I think Jack talked about this a little bit like this- is where right now we have a system that relies on people to report it to us, which is a huge burden on people and especially if you're uh happen to be a high profile person and TIM. You would you would understand this you're not going to sit there and report every tweet and Joe you'll understand this, like it's not worth your time, you're not gonna, go through a tweet tweet as people respond to you and report. It people tell us this all the time. This is where we have to

are getting better at identifying when this is happening and taking action on it without waiting for somebody to tell us that using an algorithm, though, do you not miss context? I mean it seems to me that there's a lot of people that say things in humor. You know they they were

or slurs within particular communities, which is perfectly reasonable right right. So, yes, there is a

 

danger of the is missing context, and that's why we we really want

go carefully into this, and this is why we scoped it down, first and foremost, to Ing which is at least

first it's our number one goal: protecting physical safety like making sure that no

I'm done online will impact someone's physical safety on offline on our platform in in this case. The second is that there are pattern

around docks and none are much easier to see without having the context there are. There are some exceptions, of course, because you could docks someone's public. You know representatives, public office, phone number and email address and the over the might catch that

not have the context that this is a US representative, and this information is already public. So

actually this just it highlights

how insanely difficult it is to monitor all of these posts.

Then what is the volume like? What? What are we dealing with a? How many

do you guys get a day, hundreds of millions of posts a day

 

and how many human beings are

manually? Reviewing any of these things, I don't have that. That number a lot a lot thousand

hundreds of thousands, how many employees you guys, how we have a four thousand employees around the world. That's it yeah,

four thousand, four, that the reason that's crazy,

but stop and think about that four thousand people that are monitoring hundreds of millions of tweets and we have.

We have a. We have a small team, who's monitoring tweets and some of them are

buy us. Some of them are contractors throughout throughout the world. So four thousand

ploys total four thousand employees who are engineers who are designers, who are lawyers, so the number of people actually moderate tweets is probably less than one thousand well.

The reason we don't give out specific okay is we need to scale these dynamically right. If we see a particular event within a within country,

we might hire a hundred more people on contract to deal with. It

 

may not be full time in and and with us the entire time with they. They have the ability to take down tweets. They have, they have the so as we get reports, it goes into a queue and those are ranked by severity, and then we have people who look at our rules and look at the look at the tweets, unlike the behavior in the context around it, and they have the ability to go down that enforcement spectrum of Digitas about one make people log in read why it's a violation over tweet and delete it to temporary suspensions and,

finally, a permanent suspension, which is the absolute last resort, which we ultimately do not want to do. We want to make sure that our rules are also guided towards in some

devising Maur healthy conversation and more more participation. So so let me ask you the rules you have are not based in: U S law! Right? U S. Law doesn't recognize restrictions on hate speech, it's considered free speech. So if you want to send in a street corner and all the crazy things in the world you're allowed to on your platform, twitter

 

you're not allowed to. So even in that sense alone, your rules do have an ideology behind them. I don't completely disagree. I think you know, I don't want harassment, but the reason I bring this

up is getting into discussion about democratic health of a nation, so I think it's. It can't be disputed. This point that Twitter is extra

only powerful in influencing elections. You know, I'm pretty sure you guys published recently a bunch of tweets from foreign actors that were trying to meddle in elections,

so even you as a company, recognized that foreign entities are trying to manipulate people using this platform. So I

is a few things I want to ask me on this, but if would it be important than to just as a at a certain point twitter become so powerful in influencing elections and giving access? Even the president's tweets

that you should allow people to use the platform based under the norms of US law? First, amendment free speech right to expression on the platform.

This is becoming too much of it becoming too powerful in our elections are, are taking place. So even if

 

you are saying well hate speech is our ruling. A lot of people agree with it. If it any zero dot, one person disagrees they're still in American, who has a right to this. You know to access to the public discourse and you've essentially monopolized that and not completely, but for the

as part. So isn't there some responsibility on you to guarantee at a certain extent, less regulation happen right, like look if you, if you

nice, foreign governments, are manipulating our elections, then shouldn't you

guarantee the right to an American to access this platform to be involved in the electoral process. I'm not sure. I see that the the tie between those things were. I will address one of your points, which was out we're not we're a platform that serves the world, so we're a global at seventy. Five percent of the users

 

twitter outside of the United States right right right, so we don't apply laws of just one country when we're thinking about it. We think about how do you have a global standard that can meet the threshold of as many countries as possible because we want all the people in the world

both participate in a recession and and and also meet elections like the indian election coming up as well right and I'm I'm I'm my

understanding, as you are also accused of being biased against conservatives in India. Recently there's a report on that as well as you held up a sign that said something offensive about the brahmin yeah. So in that sense, even in other countries, you're accused of the same things that you're being accused of by american conservatives. I think that the situations are very, very different um

and I don't think that that the ideologies in player the same at all also the reason I bring that we clarify. That

is not aware of the case. I I'm not sure what you

 

talking about, but we we did have our vice president. Public policy testify in front of indian Parliament ah a couple weeks ago, and he was they were really focused on election integrity and safety and abuse and harassment of women and political figures in the light.

So so MIKE Mike my concern, I guess, is I I recognize your globe, your company, that serves the world, but as an American, I have the concern that the democracy I live in the Democratic Republic, I'm sorry, the democratic functions are healthy.

One of the biggest threats is russian in Russia, IRAN, China, they're, trying to meddle in our elections using your platform and it's effective so much so that you've actually come out and removed. Many people, you know Covington was apparently started by a company in Brazil. You, the Covington Ski

Andl, where this fake news goes. Viral, was report

by C n and that it was if it was a dummy account, they were trying to prop it up and they were pushing out this out of context information. So they do this, the user platform to do it.

You've now got a platform that is so powerful in our american discourse that foreign governments are

 

using. It as weapons against us and you've taken a stance against the the laws of United States.

I don't mean like against. Like a law, I mean you have rules

go beyond the scope of the US, which will restrict american citizens from being able to participate. Meanwhile, foreign actors

free to do so so long as they play by your rules, so our elections are being threatened by the fact that

if there's an american citizen who says, I

not believe in your general policy and you ban them- that person has been removed from public discourse on twitter,

but they don't get banned for saying they don't agree with it. The demand for short, specific

violating it by targeting an individual, let's say in protest and individual repeatedly says. No, I refuse

user pronouns in, like Meghan, Murphy's casing she's Canadian, so I don't want to use her specifically. The point

to make is at a certain level, there are

 

going to be american citizens who have been removed from this public discourse, which has become so absurdly powerful foreign governments weaponize it because you have different rules than the american country has so just to be clear. My understanding and I'm not expert on all the platforms that foreign governments use multiple multiple different ways: Thio interfere in elections is not

limited to our platform, nor is it limited to social media, but the president is on the order of the

is on a lot of different platforms, as is the White House. I think it's fair to point out. The media coverage of his twitter account is insane and they they we run news stories every time he tweets that and certainly undeniable. I don't I'm just pointing out that there are a number of different avenues that, or this and individuals have choices and how to use the platform is

tonight have other platforms, but he uses twitter as exclusively, and what I'm trying to bring

is that, if twitter refuses to acknowledge this problem, you are facing regulation. I don't I don't know if you care about that, but at a certain point which which problem, if, if you're, going to

 

strict american citizens from participating, a platform or even the president speaks and and it's essential, you have a private, privately owned public space. If I could use an analogy that would be most apt

and you've set rules that are not recognized by the US, in fact, when it came to a Supreme court hearing, this

hate speech is not a violation. It's actually protected free speech. So there's an actual odds.

There might be someone who says I refuse to live by any other means than what the Supreme Court is set down. That means I have a right to hate speech. You will ban them that mean

platform is so powerful. It's it's being used to manipulate elections, and you have rules

not recognized by the government to remove american citizens from the discourse. So, as a private platform, you become too powerful to not be regulated. If you refuse to allow people free speech, but I'm I'm trying to pick apart the connection I I think

 

so. Yes, we we do have an issue with foreign entities and misinformation, and- and this is a extremely complicated issue which were just beginning to understand and grasp and and take action on.

I don't think that issue is solved Pure

Lee, by not being more aggressive on something else that is taking people off the platform

entirely as well, which is abuse and harassment like it's a cost benefit analysis. Ultimately,

our rules are designed again, and you know they don't always manifest this way in the outcomes, but in terms of what we're trying to do

save his opportunity for every single person to be able to speak freely on the platform, and that's that's absolutely not true you would you would on a lights, allied speech. So free speech is not on your platform. I'd I'd,

 

I said speaking hello, everyone. They create the opportunity for everyone to speak on our our service extra money, they've all right as it takes retrain in in part of that. The recognition that we're taking action on is that when some people encounter particular conduct that we see them wanting to remove themselves from the platform completely, which goes against the principle

of enabling everyone to speaker giving people the opportunity to speak or act. So rules are focused on the the opportunities presented and we have particular outcomes to make sure that those opportunities are sort. Look awesome. Let's, let's separate the first thought that the point I made about foreign governments was just to explain the the the power that your platform hold so happy,

weaponized separate that that now, when Antifa shows up to Berkeley and bashes like I would have with a bike lock that is suppressing his speech right, that's a fact of physical violence. However,

when anti fall links, hands and blocks the door so that no one can go to an event that is also

 

legally allowed right. So what you're

is that, if someone is engaging in behavior such as going on twitter and shouting someone down rip relentlessly, that's something external to what happens in in in the world under the US government? I am allowed to scream very close to you and not let you speak in public, but on twitter. You don't allow that

so there's a dramatic difference between what twitter thinks is. Okay and what the US government thinks is: okay, our democracy functions and twitter functions. The issue I'm pointing out is that we know twitter is

becoming extremely important in how our public discourse is occurring, how our cultural culture is developing and who even gets elected. So if you have rules that are based on a global

policy, that means american citizens who are abiding by all of the laws of our country are being restricted from engaging in public discourse because you've monopolized it. Can I counter that, though, because these

foreign governments are restricted by the same rules, so they've

delete those same rules, they will be, they will be removed. So if they play within those rules, they can participate in the discourse

 

if they are just trying to manipulate our elections. On the other hand, if

people that are on the platform played

those rules, they can also counteract unless their ideology goes in line with US law

is legally allowed, as opposed to what you allow. So foreign governments can absolutely keep making new account

and keep biting and keep manipulating. They can even post things

viral and then get banned and not care, but a private american citizen can say

here's my opinion. I refused to back down I series you'll ban him, so we can see that at a certain point you have a

twitter is slowly gaining, in my opinion, too much control from your personal

theology based on what you've researched. What you think is right over american discourse, if you, if twitter-

and this again in my opinion, I'm not a lawmaker, but I would have to

assume if twitter

views to say in the United States, you are

 

to say what is legally acceptable period. Then lawmakers only choice will be to enforce regulation on your company actually time. I spent quite a bit of time talking to lawmakers as part of my role had a public policy. Um spent a lot of time in D C, I wouldn't say that Jack and I have both spent a lot of time in D C and I think, from the perspective of lawmakers,

are they across the spectrum are also in favor of policing, abuse and harassment online and bowling online? Well, it's those are things that people care about because a fact their children, if they affect their communities and a fact individuals, and so I don't think that and as a as a private american business, we can have different standards than what and american government owned corporation. Our american government would have to answer

those are two different things: American, But- and I understand your point about the influence and I'm not denying that. Certainly twitter is an influential platform, but like

 

anything, whether it's the american law or the rules of twitter or the rules of Facebook or rules of any platform, there are rules and those rules have to be,

although it is an whether to follow those rules and to continue to participate in a civic dialogue, choice to choice

do that absolutely you've, monopolized public discourse, greenery and- and you say my way or the highway, we have a lot time. We haven't monopolize that there are many different avenues for people to continue to have a voice. There are many different platforms that offer that

we are largely influential when I'm not trying to take away from that and we're a very important one. You don't need to be the most important. It's just that you are extremely important and that's and it's a compliment. Twitter has become extremely powerful, but at a certain point you should not have the right to control what people are allowed to say no private or look I'm a social liberal. I think,

should regulate you guys, because you are elected officials running your system. The way you see fit against the wishes of a democratic republic- and there are people who just

 

agree with you- were being excised from public discourse because of your ideology that terrifies me and we could

take it one step further, a time just just so. I understand so. Are you suggesting that we don't have any policies around abuse and harassment on the platform? I'm

I understand what it is you're saying, because I'm not I'm not sure, I'm following you,

you don't think we have any rules about abuse harassment, so even that the threats that you were

use that law.

But you mentioned a number of threats that you received, and you are quite frustrated that we hadn't taken action element. You think we shouldn't have rules that I'm frustrated because of the hip

Chrissy of when I, when I see I see the flow of one direction and then what I see are republican politicians who, in my opinion, you're just too ignorant to understand what the hell's going on around them, and I see people burning signs that say, free speech. I

see you openly saying we recognize the power of our platform and we're

not going to abide by american norms. I see

manipulation of twitter for, in violation of our elections, I see democratic operative

 

in Alabama waging a false flag campaign using fake russian accounts

and the the guy who runs that company has not been banned from your platform. Even after it's been

written by the New York Times. He was doing this, so we know that not only are people manipulating your platform, you have rules that remove honest american citizens with bad opinions who have a right to engage in public discourse, and it's like you

now is it, but you like having the power, I'm I'm not quite sure it was going to get back to my point. So you believe that twitter should not have any rules about abuse and harassment or any sort of hate speech on the platform.

That's your personal! That's that's! That's a extremely

October, I don't know. Maybe too simplistic the point I'm trying to make is, but but if you

you're you're asking us to comply with the US law, that would criminalize potential speech and put people in jail for and you're asking us to enforce those those turner drunk. What well I mean if you insight death, you will yeah it's a crime, you can go, you can go to jail for that. So at the very least, you could you, but when you when you, if you want a platform with medical,

 

we don't ban them. I say what's really weird and then you have people on your platform who say a bad naughty word. You do ban them. I say all. That's really weird. I mean I've seen people get banned for tweeting, an end to you, I

and what they're trying to do when they tweet letters at you Jack, but they get suspended for and they get a threat. You know like you can't,

let's talk about learn to cope with it. We we we would you mean by that, so so so so so what do I do? They are people who know that they can to be a single letter and the next person knows why

letter to tweet, you see, I'm

so you'll see

one user will say and the next years will put an eye at the next user. Really, yes, and so they get suspended for doing so eat and- and these are these are the people who are trying to push the buttons on the rules right. They get suspended for the absolute

so because I think see, but but here's here's the thing. I think I think your team understands what they're doing. However, he didn't really day

dress territory of someone, someone accidentally tweet and and, and you assume, they're trying to engage in a harassment campaign, which is why your eyes it. Let's talk about, learn to code, but we do. We do look at coordination of it

 

of we're, not we're, not direct messages. I don't know about

messages, but on direct messages. We don't retract,

don't read them unless someone reports a direct message to us that they have received, and so you read their direct message that they send to you. So if, if you have a direct message and someone says something terrible and then like you receive a death threat and your report that to us thank you, then we would read it cause you've

ported it to. I do. Does anyone in the company of axis direct messages other than that, I'm only in the context again of reviewing, for

that? Is that they're not accessible? Not to my knowledge,

don't know what you mean like we're, not responsible we're not reading them. Is it possible that some

one could go into TIM's direct messages and just read his direct messages? I don't think so, TIM,

it's an n and I write and I and Jamie Wright Sergey. Can you go into our direct messages and say: hey, let's fuck with Jack and

 

well we're gonna write this stuff out and we're going to do it and, let's, let's see if they they ban us, you can't read that I don't think so.

So if that's the case, I don't know if there was a concerted effort in LA and I think what he's saying is like if we, if we do see those train of

applies, and that is that is coordination. You know what people are doing.

The question is, how do you prove it? Well, I think beyond the end, you know the first person

with the letter you can prove he did it, but everybody else you kind of can, but I don't think we would well look. I can say

I've been sent numerous screenshots shots, people screenshots can be fed, recognize it, but I I've seen people actually tweet and then I've seen the tweet follow right after one

one letter. Yes, someone tweeted at you, someone decently high, provide a big youtuber treated in an at you, and I got like a twelve hour suspension. It is yeah.

Let's talk about, learn to code right and and why are people being suspended for tech? Putting hashtag learn to code? Would we did some research on this? Yes, sir, I did some research on

 

so there was a situation- and I guess about a month ago or so, where

a number of journalists were receiving

a variety of tweets um, some containing ah learned to code, some containing a bunch of other coded language that was wishes of harm. These were thousands and thousands of tweets being directed at a handful of journalists,

and we did some research and what we found was a number of the accounts that were in

aging in this behavior, which is tweeting at the journalist with this either learn to code, or things like day of the rope and other coded line,

which I were actually ban. Evasion accounts. That means accounts that had been previously suspended, and we also learned that there was a targeted campaign being organized off our platform to abuse and harass these.

That's not true. Does he see here's the thing, an activist to works for NBC Road to that story? And then log

did you. You issued an official statement and then even the

 

her in chief of the daily caller, got a suspension for tweeting learn to code of the day at the daily show. So I

we have never talked to anybody from NBC about this issue. So but there are no so they report it don't miss,

sent me they report it. If the narrative goes far and wide amongst your circles, then all of a sudden you're seeing high profile conservatives tweeting a joke getting suspensions. So again, some of these tweets actually contained um death threats, wishes of harm other coded language that we have seen to mean um

 

death, two journalists. So it wasn't about just the learn to code. It was about the context that we were doing. I'm not sure if that's just not true, the editor in chief of the daily caller was suspended for tweeting nothing, but hash tag learn to code search TIM. Can I can I finish dressing. We were looking at the contacts and what was happening is there a journalist receiving hundreds of tweets, some had death threats, some had wishes of harm, some just learn to code, and in that particular context we made a decision. We consider this this type of behavior but dog piling, which is when all is an individuals, are getting tough

ends and tons of tweets at them. They feel very abused. Your harassed on the platform. We pause this because they're super confusing for people who don't know the context. The learned

code thing is in response to people saying that people that are losing their jobs, like coal miners and truck drivers and thing

like that could learn to code. This was

it was almost like ingest, initially or if it was

and ingest. Initially, it was so poorly thought out as a suggestion.

 

The people started, marking it right correct. So that is correct. The first stories that came out were simply like: can minors learn to code it right? Okay, liners right and the old man Dell Hash tag line to code is just a meme. It's not an

necessarily a conservative one that you will see more conservatives you think it was. People are using it to mock how stupid the idea of taking the person who's on educators in their fifties. Who should our learn some new form of

location and then someone says, learn to code, and so then other

people when they're losing their job or when something's happening people would

learn to code. Because it's a me well not right, not even necessarily I would. I would just characterize, learn to code as a meme that represents the elitism of modern journalists and how they target certain communities with disdain. Okay, so so it took to to make that point to their people who have been since

ended for tweeting, something like I'm not too

happy with how you know buzz. We reported the story. Hashtag learn to code right. Making representation of these people are

snooty elites who live in ivory towers, but but but again

 

you know this is a meme that has nothing to do with harassment, but you know it's. Some people

might be harassing somebody in my tweet it. Why would we expect to see even still today, I'm still getting messages from people

shot saying I've been suspended for using hashtag and the editor in chief of the daily caller right? He he he he quit. He took he

what we did. A video from the daily show with hashtag learn to code, and he got a suspension for it. So why?

Why learn to code? Why is that alone, so Gregis? And I don't think it is so egregious

so it just something that got stuck in an algorithm. No

 

was the s again a specific set of issues that we were saying targeting a very specific set of journalists, and it wasn't just the learn to code. It was a couple of things going on a lot of the accounts. Tweeting learned account were banned invaders, which means okay, easily been suspended. A lot of the accounts had other language in them are of tweets at other language, like Dave the Break day of the rope oven ready. These are all coded meanings for violence against people right and so, and the people who are receiving this for receiving hundreds of these and what appeared to us to be a coordinated harassment, camping, and so we were trying to understand the context of what was going on and take action on then, is again. I don't know Joe

 

so if you've ever been the target of a dog piling event on twitter, but it is not particularly fun when thousands of people or hundreds of people are tweeting at you and saying things, and that's can be viewed as a form of harassment. It's not about the individual tweet. It is about the volume of things that are being directed, and I understand, and so in that particular case we made the judgment call and it is a judgment, call um to take down the tweets that were responding directly to these journalists that were saying learned to code, even if they didn't have a wish of harm specifically attached them because of what we viewed as coordinated attempt to harass them and again, like I was saying some of

other signals and coded language, and we were worried that learned to code was taking on a different meaning understanding in that particular context, so, but in and of itself,

so it still seems like there's alternative meanings to learn to code. It still could be you,

 

as TIM was saying, to mark a little. You know elite snooty actress to pass. Yes, I agree with you, so it's not really about the context of what was happening in that situation and all those other things I think in a very different situation. We would not take action on that.

Okay, but does not seem like you're you're, throwing a blanket

over a very small issue. I

learn to code in itself is very small. The blanket is cast over racism. The blanket is cast

over this all the other horrible things that are attached to it, but the heart

all things that are attached to the real issue, this learn to code

thing, is kind of a legitimate protest in

people saying that these miners should learn to code. That's kind of preposterous. The first articles weren't mean it was just it learn to code kind of identified. You have these

journalists who are so far removed from Middle America that they think you can take a fifty year old man, who's never used a computer before and put him in a

 

the stories, I think were legitimate, yes, but the the eight the point more so it is. It was a meme, the hash tag at the idea of learn to code

condenses this idea and it's easy to communicate, especially when you have one hundred and eighty characters that there is a class

individual. This country, I think you mentioned on SAM Harris at the left, these left liberal.

I only follow each other yeah

in the in the run up to the twenty fifth and twenty six elections yeah, and so it I mean I see. I still believe that to be true, I've worked in his offices. It has changed that they've done a study on the visualization and and now there is a lot more cross pollination, but we did what we saw was of folks who are reporting on the left in the spectrum mainly followed folks on left and folks on the right,

followed everyone. What you were talking about earlier, that there's these bubbles, there's bubbles bubbles and we've helped create them and

maintain them. So here's what

 

happening in this is one of the big problems that people have with this store, particularly particularly, you have a left wing activists who works for NBC News. I'm not accusing you of having read the article he right, he he's. He spends like a day lobbying to Twitter, saying God you have to do this year to make these changes the next day. He writes a story saying that four Chan is organize

in these. These. These harassment campaigns and death threats and well four Chan was doing threads about it. You can't accuse fortunes and we were talking about because I read it was talking about it too, as was twitter. So then, the

next day he after publishes article now he's getting threats and then

twitter issues, a statement saying we will take action and to make matters worse. When

I'm living a writer for the rap got a statement from one of your spokespeople saying. Yes, we are banning people for saying, learn to code,

a bunch of journalists came out and then lied

idea. Why saying this is not true. This is fake news. Then a second statement was published by Twitter saying it's part of a harassment

campaign, and so then the mainstream narrative becomes oh there only

 

and people who are part of a freshman campaign, but you've, you literally see legitimate high profile individuals getting suspensions for for joining in on the joke out there from there for sure, probably mistakes in there. I don't think that any of us are claiming that we got this on

percent right and probably our team having a lack of contacts into actually what's happening as well and- and we would fully admit we probably were

way too aggressive when we first saw this as well. So I made mistakes. It did. I hope this clarifies, then you

situations like this, where you can see you know this journalist,

I'm not gonna name him, but he routinely has very like left wing. I don't use overtly esoteric words but words, but intersectional dogmatic points of view right. So

this is so like intersectional, feminism is considered

a small ideology. It people refer to these groups as the regressive left or the identity. Arian left these air. Basically people who hold views that a person is judged based on the color of their skin instead of the content of their character. So you have the right way:

 

version which is like the all right. The left wing version which is like intersectional feminism is is, is how simple for two so you'll see people say things like you know when it went typically when they rag on white men

or when they say like white feminism. These desert signals that they hold these particular views and they become

more pervasive. So what ends up happening? Is you have a journalist who clearly holds these views? Don't want calm a journalist, he writes it

stream extremely biased and out of context story. Twitter takes action in response,

it's seemingly in response. Then we can look what happens with

Darcy at CNN. He says you know. The people at the back are are gullible eating red meat from rafters,

among other things, disparaging comments about the right and he's the one who's

primarily advocating for the removal of certain individuals who you then remove, and then, when Kathy Griffin calls for sing, that's fine. When this guy calls for the death of these kids,

he gets it. He gets a slap on the wrist and I look, I understand the context matters

but grains of sand make a heat and eventually have all of these stories piling up and people are asking you

 

white only flows in one direction like that. I got to be honest. I'd imagine that calling for the death three times of any individuals, a Bana, ble offense, even without a warning, just get rid of him, but it didn't happen

right. We see, we see these. You know people say men aren't women though, and they get a suspension. We see people say the editor in chief of the daily caller. Maybe

the best example: hashtag learn to code quote

the daily show. He gets a suspension. This threatening death and inciting death is a sponge into it. It feels like it's only going in one direction yeah. I think we have a lot of work to do to explain more clearly when we're taking action and why and certainly looking into any mistakes

we may have made an in those particular situation which you guys agree that in intact. I think we can all agree this. I would hope you agree: tacked

tends to lean left

tech companies. I mean Facebook, Twitter, Google. I would be willing to bet that

a conservative running a social network would not have a hate speech policy. I mean you look at gap and you look at my

 

and mine's, not even right there not right wing at all. They just they just staunchly support free speech, and I I don't think gab is necessarily. I don't think the owners necessarily right wing either. I don't know much about him. I think he's like a

I I I don't want to donuts yes, but for either I don't know, I don't know enough yeah. I know

that there, when you read what they write their just staunchly committed to free speech, but they you know, stop Doc's they will. They will do that

things to stop targeted harassment and doc and things along those lines, sometimes slowly, admittedly, admittedly, but they want they just want an open platform.

What my point is is that I think a lot of people that are

the right feel disenfranchised by these platforms they use on a daily basis.

I don't know what the percentage are. The percentages are in terms of the number of people,

conservative that used twitter versus the number of people that are liberal, but I would imagine it's probably pretty close. Isn't it?

 

I don't know the numbers, I don't know because we don't ask people for their

we'd definitely have to and for all, okay, just on what we're saying or because so, let's not even go there, but then, but the the people that run whether it's Google or twitter or Facebook. Any of these platforms Youtube for sure, powerful, leaning

towards the left. When we all agree to that. Well, we don't

your employees, but my guess is that many employees in tech companies are probably

liberal, really fascinating. But I also think I mean you point out

all the companies you mention are in exactly the same region as well

yeah the wrong one. Do you know we do have the challenge of some minor cultural thinking? Yes well, but we and we you know. I have said publicly that you know. Yes, we will have more of a liberal bias within our company,

 

so this to CNN right, but that doesn't mean that we put that in our rules

but hold on windows. Ten, because

I'm getting at is that at some point in time things have to get down to a human being, looking

reviewing a cases and if you

guys are so left wing in your your

half in the area that you live in and all these things

things are almost naturally going to

and left. If is that fair to say if if we were

really looking at the content, but a lot of this,

your work is based on the behaviors, all the things that we've been so discussing in terms of the context of the actual content itself, I got. I got them what the rules are accepting his gender in policy right. So your your rules do reflect your your

all. Right, go to middle in you know, go to Middle America and going out of conservative town they're not going to agree with you. Your rules are based on your bubble in San Francisco or whatever city, I'm

 

from Middle America. I'm from Saint Louis Missouri- and I a I hear the point I'd. I definitely hear the point in terms of like us putting this rule. Fourth, but we have to balance that with the fact that people are

driven away from our platform. I hear you and they may not disagree. They may not agree with me on that my folks from Missouri, but I think

they would see some valid are

and what we're trying to do to again increase the opportunity for as many people as possible to talk. That's,

that's it. It's not driving the not that you're speaking to where you stop what what community is

isn't deserving of protection. Are conservatives not deserving of protection for their opinions,

but I want t o on individuals and increasing the absolute number of people who have opportunity to speak on the platform in the first place. So then do you need a rule for a body dysphoria. Do you need a rule for other kin

right now? You see, I'm asking you you, you have a specific, I see what you're asking but like and- and this came from a call and research- and there there's there's disagree

 

as to whether this is the right outcome or not, and this is the right policy and yes, our bias does influence looking in this direction and our bias does take um. Our biases influence us putting a rule like this in place, but it is with the understanding of Crete

as much opportunity as possible, for as many people speak based on the actual data that we see right of people leaving the platform because of experiences I have. Why did your research stop there? It hasn't stopped we'd we'd, our our rules aren't set in in my eight something that just stop.

Listen doesn't involve we're going to constantly question we're going to get feedback from people on

every end of the spectrum of any particular issue and make changes accordingly.

Stop and to your credit,

I really do appreciate that the fact that you're very open about that you have made mistakes and that you're continuing to learn and grow and that your company is reviewing these things and trying to figure out what

 

way to go, and I think we all need to pay attention to the fact that this is a completely new road. This road did not exist. Fifteen years,

we there was nothing there. That is

the tremendous responsibility for any kind. Any company, any group of human beings to be

in control of public discourse on a scale

dented in human history, and that's why

we're dealing with here. There's is not a small thing and I know people that

been banned to them. This is this is a

of ideology. This is a matter of this is a matter that there's a lot of

eight being going on here and this one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on because TIM, because you know so much about so many of these cases and so much because you are a journalist and you're

you're, very aware of the implications and all the problems that have been that. Maybe we have slipped through my fingers, so I I do want to make one thing really clear, though I have a tremendous amount of respect and trust for you when you say you want to solve this problem simply because you're sitting here right now and these all these other companies aren't right. I Jackie went on SAM Harris. You are on get with get sad and that says to me a good faith

 

effort to try and figure out how to do things right that, like so as as much as I I'll apologize for getting kind of angry and and being emotional, be

I don't see us angry look. We also haven't been great at explaining our intent and there's that there's a few things going on. One as Joe indicated, centralized global policy as scale is almost impossible and we realize is different. Service's, have different answers, this red it has a community based policy where each

topic, each subreddit, has its own policy and- and you know, there's there's some benefit to that. So that's problem number one. We know that this very binary off were on platform. Is that right and it doesn't scale- and it also me goes against our key initiative of wanting to promote more healthier conversation. I I just don't think that's what you're doing I in,

 

and I hear you I hear you but like so we're not done we're, not we're not done we're, not finished with our work, and we need to

the reason I'm going on all these podcasts and having these conversations and ideally vicious

eating out there more often as well, because we don't see enough in here enough for her. We need.

I have these conversations, so we can learn. We can we can get the feedback and also pay attention to where the technology is going before the podcast. We talked a little bit about and I talked about it on this earth. Our previous podcast and also SAM's

technology today is enabling content to live forever in a way that was not possible before you can say that everything on the

turn lives forever, but that's not it generally, not true,

because any host or any connection can take it down the block chain changes all that it can actually exist forever permanently, without anyone being able to touch it

government company individual- and that is a reality- that we need to pay attention to and really

stand our value and, I believe,

 

a lot of our value in in the future.

Not today, again, we have a ton, so we have a ton of work, is to take a strong stance of like we

are going to be a company that, given this entire corpus of conversation

in content within the world, we're going to work to promote healthy public conversation. That's what we want! That's what we want to do and if you disagree with it.

You should be able to turn it off and you should be

access anything that you want, as you would with you in it, but those are technologies that are just in the formative stages and presenting new opportunities to companies like ours and and there's a ton of challenges with them in a ton of things that we've discussed

over the past hour that it doesn't solve and maybe exacerbates it

Ashley around things like election inference, interference and some of the regulatory concerns of your brain. So there's a few issues right, your definition of what is or isn't healthy right, yes, yes, and and- and we want that to be public like we-

 

I want that we're going. We we have four indicators right now that we're working on with an external lab

want other labs to. We want to give it up open source, make sure that

booking comment on it that people can help us to find it. Will you

that interpretation on our own algorithms and then push it, but that has to be open that has to be transparent? Are we there today?

Absolutely not we're not there. This this

course of action to me looks like a Fahrenheit four, fifty one future where everything is so offensive. Everything must be restricted. I see that's the path. I see that you're on you won't have a healthy conversation. You want to maximize the amount of people. That means you got to cut off all the tall grass and level everything out. So if, if, if, if you decided that this one will need to be enforced because certain things are offensive, no, but can can I explain what what health at least

means to us in this category? So we talked a little bit about this on the previous podcast, but we we have four indicators that were trying to define and try to understand if there's actually something there. One

 

shared attention is a conversation generally shared around the same objects or is it desperate so like as we're having conversation, the

four of us are having conversation. Are we all focused on the same thing or

is Joe on his phone, which you were earlier like whatever is going on, because more shared attention will

will lead to healthier conversation number two

who is shared reality? Not whether something is factual,

but are we sharing the same facts? Is the earth round? Is a world class, so we we are men. Women are meant.

Yes, we can tell what facts are we sharing and what facts are we not showing what percentage of the conversation? So that's that's. A second indicator

is receptivity. Are the participants receptive to debate and to civility and two

expressing their opinion, and even if it is something that my

 

be hurtful or are people receptive to at least look at and be empathetic and look at? What's behind that we, this is the one we have the most measurement around today. We can

Herman and predict when someone might walk away from a twitter conversation because they feel it's toxic. I just ignore them all. Basically

so, and we see we see that in our data right, so you and there's some conversations that you get into, and you and you you know persist.

Finally, is Friday of perspective? Are we

are we actually seeing the full spectrum of any topic that's being talked about and in these are not meant to be taken as individual parts, but in unison how they play together and we've written these out. We haven't gotten

far enough in actually defining what they look like and what they mean, and we certainly haven't gotten good enough

 

understanding when we deploy solution like being able to follow hashtag. Does that impact variety of perspective to the positive? Does it impact shared reality to the negative whatnot? So this is how we're thinking about it and, as we think more about that that influences our product influences, our enforcement and influences are positive. What you're describing sounds wildly different to what twitter is right, so you're you have a goal for where you want to get with those those metrics. So I could. But what confuses me, then, when you, when it when we talk about someone like Meghan Murphy, who sure she violated your rules, but in the

text of a conversation you know you recognize, people sometimes get hit with each other. If how you know how do you do? It is a healthy conversation when no one is being negative. What if what if people are

going at each other being mean and insulting, where Miss Jen during them? I think it's a question of what thresholds you allow and

 

and the more control we can give people to vary the spectrum on what they want to see. That feels right to me, I mean Joe and in your your

podcast did exactly this thing, you're hosting a conversation you had both of your guests who started talking over each other. You pause a conversation. You said, let's not get combat. If someone said I'm not being combative, you said you're all talking over each other and and there's a dynamic that the conversation then shifted to that got to some deeper points.

Right could have just said. Let that happen, and and and let it go and and that's fine too it's it's it's up to who is viewing and

experiencing that conversation, and I agree with you. It is completely far off from where we are today. We've not only have had we had to address a lot of these issues that we're talking about this table, but we've also had to turn the company around from a business point stamp.

 

We have, we had to fix all of our infrastructure, that's over ten years old and we had to go

through to layoffs because the company was too large. So we we have to prioritize our efforts and I

you know any other way to do. This, then be really specific about our intentions

are aspirations and the intent and the

I behind our actions and not everyone's going.

I agree with it in the in the particular moment, so I so I will buy one of our point this out before I make my next statement. I just real quick. It seems that the technology is moving faster than the culture so yeah. I I do recognize your you guys on a rock and a hard place. How do you get to a point where you can have that open source crypto? You know blockchain technology that allows freedom of speech. At the same time, the technology exists. Twitter has been replicated numerous times in different ways: Mastodon for instance.

What's disconcerting to me, is you know, and maybe you have research on this, which is why you've taken the decision to have? But when you ban someone because they've said you know about opinions, Miss Jj entering

 

well they're not going to go away they're going to try and find anywhere they can speak. So what effectively happens is you're taking all of the

people from a from a wide range of the most to the president, algae murderers, all the way to pot smokers and you put in the same room with each other and you're saying you're, not welcome here. Well, what happens

you take someone who smokes pot and put in prison with a bunch of gang bangers and murderous they fall into that I, so I totally get the point and I'm hyper aware of

our action. Sending more and more things into the dark. Well, this is something that I wanted to discuss. This is really important in this vein of thinking. What about roads to redemption?

What about someone like Meghan Murphy Letter about someone anyone Alex Jones Milo is? Is it can we

find a path for people to get back to the platform for

good or for bad like it or not? There is one

video platform that people give a shit about and that's Youtube. You get kicked off a Youtube, you're doomed!

That's just reality. You can go.

 

Is wonderful! There's a lot of great video platforms out there. They have a fucking, tiny fraction of

views. It Youtube does reality the same thing

for twitter, whether or not

what other platforms exist is that's inconsequential. The

the vast majority of people are on Twitter, the vast majority of

people that are blatant,

making. You know posts about the news and breaking information. They do it on twitter. What

can be set up and have you guys

given consideration to some sort of a path to redemption? Yeah there's

is redemption and there's rehabilitation? Okay, you know we, we

haven't done a great job at having a cohesive stance on rehabilitation and redemption. We have it in part, so the the whole focus behind the temporary suspensions is to at least give people pause and think about why.

 

They violated or why and how they violated our particular rules right signed up for when they came in through a terms of service right, whether you agree with him or not like this is the agreement that we have with

you know. I'm says just thinking this, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but it would be kind of hilarious if you guys had an option like a mode

of twitter, an angry mode like fuck, I'm anger right now, so I'm going to type some things and it says: hey dude. Why don't just think about this? We're going to hold

for you in the queue and we do that people do that, and people do that in their drops, but and I'm sure they do, I'm sure they do, but it would be funny if you had an angry mode yeah, but like any you guy ice, I notice you guys using a lot of curse. Words, and you say a lot about things. We're gonna put you in anger mode, so think about this. The

to make several clicks. If you want to post this and- and there is research,

he suggests that people expressing that actually tends to minimize more violent physical. For sure

everyone says that with emails, if you're,

 

if you're in the middle, the night, someone sends you an email and you find it insulting you ready to type an email and then go to sleep. Wake up in the morning, like I'm gonna, say something

you know, that's how I wind up it interacting with these people, but what? What do you think

be done for people like, let's say, Megan Murphy, because she seems one of the it's

as easy to see her perspective as any? What do you think could be done for her? I think I think you're right. I think that I would love to get to a point where we think of

suspensions is temporary and she's out for life right now.

 

That's the only option that we've built into our rules, but we have every capability of changing, not, and that's something that I want. My team to focus on is thinking about, as Jack said, not just coming back after some time down period, but also like what more can and should we be doing within the product itself, early on to educate people about the role. So one of the things that we're working on as a very, very simplified version of the twitter rules. That's two pages, not twenty. I've made sure that my lawyers don't write it and it's written in this plain English as we can. We try to put examples in there and like really taking the time to educate people, and I got people aren't always going to agree with those rules, and we have to address that too, but at least simplifying it and educating people so that they don't even get to that stage, but once they do understanding that they're gonna be different. Contacts in people's

 

lives different times, they're going to stay and do things that they may not agree with, and they don't deserve to be permanently suspended forever from a platform like twitter agreeing. So how do you get to it? So we? This is something that actually just had a meeting on this earlier this week with our executive team um, and you know identifying kind of some of the principles by which we would want to think about um. You know time bounding suspension, so it's work. We have to do it

and we're gonna figure it out and I'm not gonna tell you it's coming out right away, but it's on it's on a road map. It's something we want to do. Why? Don't you set up a jury system when someone,

but something inside of you, have you having to worry about it? There would be no accusation of bias if one hundred thousand users were randomly selected to determine, because they're still does this yeah John about idea and we've learned is still, does

you please explain that we so periscope has a um

moderation jury, so we flag

on the machine, learning, algorithms and

 

cases reports particular replies. We send them

to a small jury of folks to ask

this against. Our are

sir. Is this something that you believe should be in the channel or not? Do you know sign up to be on the jury? No, it's it's random, so you randomly chosen and you decide whether or not you want to spit and it's it's good. It has some

laws that has some some gaming aspects to it as well, but like we do have a lot of experiments that were testing and like we wanna build confidence in like it's actually driving the outcomes that we think are are useful. Um and periscope is a good playground for us across many regards. I think, ultimately, one of the greater philosophical challenges is that you're, a massively powerful corporation, you have international investors, I believe, is a saudi

 

zones, what six percent of twitter. So when I is that true, I just wanna make sure it's well we're a publicly traded corporations. Anybody can buy stock, but that doesn't mean they have influence on day today. Well, I think, depending on which political faction you ask, they say money is info.

That's right! Some, I'm not gonna say that the saudi prince, who invested in twitter, goodness again I've only it's been awhile. Since I read these stories is like showing up your meetings and throwing his weight around, but it's certainly a plan on doing that, but, but you know for it from I, I'm not going to trust you

right this guy who's through thrown over a billion dollars. I think into twitter. Twitter has

once on our elections, foreign governments, foreign government actors, have steak and twitter.

Where worries me, then, when you base your rules on your personal decisions on an unelected group of people, you have such tremendous.

Our in this monopoly on public discourse in near monopoly, like he was saying, is you some platforms of twitter has no real competition, so I just have to hope and trust you have the best interests at heart, but you at the end the day it's it's

authoritarian. No one chose you to be in charge of this. I understand you mentioned. You discovered twitter, but here I am looking at you know. Both of you have

 

tremendous power over whether or not someone can get elected. You can

used to ban someone and tell me all day and night. You have a reason for doing it. I just have to trust you, that's terrifying, there's, no proof, there's no proof Alex Jones at any of these things other than things

posted right. I understand that. That's actually what I was on the phone with to Alex's texting me saying that he never did anything to endanger any child and he was disputing what people are saying about a video of a child getting harmed, and so do we just trust, unelected, a cough. Okay, I mean

you can, with stream extremely wealthy individuals, saudi princes, you know it's a publicly traded company

who knows where the infant is coming from. Your rules are pleasant based on a global policy

and I'm sitting here watching wow. These people, who were never chosen in this position, have too much power. Over my my my my my politics, I think that's why it's so important that we take the time to build transparency into what we're doing and that's part of what we're trying to do is not just in being here and talking to you guys, but also building it into the product. It's

 

south. I think one of the things that I really loved about a new product watch. What we've done is to disable any sort of ranking and the home time line. If you want- and you don't have to see our algorithms that play anymore, these are the kinds of things that we're thinking about. How do we give power back to the people using our service so that they can see what they want to see and I can purchase by the way they want to participate, and this is a long

when I get there we're not there yet. But this is how we're thinking about it. Then you can imagine where that goes. I mean in interest one switch and turning all the algorithms off. But what what did I do? What is that look like

so didn't deserve? The conversations were having in the company whether they be good. Ideas are bad ideas. We we haven't determined that just yet, but we we we definitely look at.

I definitely understand the mistrust that people have in our company in myself, in the corporate structure, in all the

 

variables that are associated with it, including who chooses to buy on the public market who chooses not to I get all of it, and I grew up on the internet. I'm a believer in the internet principle,

and I want to do everything in my power to make sure that we are consistent with those ideals. At the same,

I want to make sure that every single person and do everything in my power has the opportunity to participate.

I had a question then, for your policy as a pertains to say Saudi Arabia right. Do you enforce the same hate speech rules on Saudi Arabia? Our our rules are global, enforce them against everyone. So, even in countries where it's criminal to be LGBT, you will still banned someone for for saying something to

ging, to or saying something to that to that effect like let's say Saudi Arabia, setting someone's to it to death, for I

don't call it so you have a specific. Let's call it IRAN because I believe that's the big focus right now with Trump Administration, IRAN,

it's my understanding is still punishable by death. I could be wrong, but it is criminal. If

 

someone then directly targets one of these individuals will you ban them? I mean: do you guys function in IRAN?

I think we're blocked and run yes, I figured yeah but there, but there are some countries where, for instance,

Michelle Malkin recently got really angry, because she

we've noticed that she violated blasphemy laws in Pakistan right. So you do follow some laws in some countries, but it's not of. I would like to ask a question asking as we Pakistan, it's very clearly a different culture. They don't agree with your rules. We we do have a per country take down, meaning that content might be non visible within the country but visible throughout the rest of the world, but so it wasn't just add on to what Jack saying we actually are very very transparent about that. So we publish our transparency report every six months, the details, every single request that we get from every

government around the world and the content that they ask us to remove, and we post that to an independent third party site. So you could go right now and look and see every single request that comes from the pakistani government and what content they are trying to remove from Pakistan.

 

I've I've seen a lot of conservatives get angry about this and it's kind of confusing confusing. I'm like that's a really good thing. I would want to know if,

yes, I want to kill me blasphemy laws, posting pictures of Muhammad. So

it's a part time. Are they angry about our transparency reporter? There is to call there's a perception that you send. That notice is like a threat against them for violating blasphemy laws, whereas it's very clearly just letting you know. Government has taken action against you, which it saying that the government has restricted access to that content in that country and the reason we tell the users are top

people. That that's happened is because a lot of them may want to file their own suit against the government, or a lot of them may be in danger if they happen to be under that particular governments jurisdiction, and they may want to take action to protect themselves if they know that the government is looking at the

content in their accounts. So we don't always know we don't we send the

 

noticed everybody. We don't always know where you are or what country you live in, and so we just on that notice as like to try to be as transparent as possible that the main point I was trying to get to is your policies

support a community, but there may be laws in a certain country that does not support that community and criminal right. So you

actions are now directly opposed to the culture of another of the country. I guess the the the point to make is that if you enforce your values- which are it you

a not even the majority of this country, if you're, you know, consider self, more liberal, leaning in your half of United States but you're

forcing those rules on the rest of the world that use the service, it's sort of forcing other cultures to adhere to yours,

a lot of. Ah, a lot of our rules are based in more of the. U N declaration doesn't just purely us.

Doesn't the? U N declaration guarantee the right of all people through any medium to express their opinion,

 

and why did also has it also has? It also has conditions around particular speech inciting violence, um and some of the some of the aspects that

we speak to us well and it protectors of categories, whether it's religion, race, gender, sexual orientation. Those are also also protected under the? U N covenant to protect human rights

without a pause, a number of more things to talk about dog the work. I wanted to just saying that, and I got a bunch of other things that you know, because it is. The thing is a bunch of other issues having to do with bias and censorship, and I feel like we've kind of like beaten that horse relatively,

but I think that a horse is good to be in. It's also good to address why the worse is getting beaten and why why it exists in the first place, and I I I I but I really

I want to say this again. I really appreciate the fact that you guys are so open and that you're willing to come on here and talk about this, because you don't have to this. Is your

 

decision and specially you jack after we had that first conversation and the blowback was so hard. You wanted to come in

if this, and I think this is so important to give people of

a true understanding of what your intentions are versus. What perceptions are yeah then, and thank you for hosting this gown and look at I did hi. I think it's also important that the company is not just me read yeah. I have people in the company who are really good at this and are making some really tough decisions and having tough conversations and and getting pushed back and getting feedback, and they have the best intentions I,

and so what so, let's I'll get back into the meat of things to get to be in that horse yeah, I I don't know if you have any date on my check of wall was recently banned. Do you have that? I believe who is check wall

uh? Don't describe me as a conservative personality, but he's very,

 

very controversial for like fake news or

thing. I don't know too much about him, so I don't want to accuse him of things. They don't know who he is, but he was

in something where we tried accusing Mueller Muller of like sexual assaults, and it turned out to be like just completely fake ridiculous.

This is the gentleman that was in the USA today, article where he's made it that he was going to. He had to use tactics in the past to influence the election, and he will continue to do so using all those channels. Yes, and when we saw that report our team looked at his account, we noticed there were multiple accounts tied to his accounts of fake accounts that he had created, that

discussing political issues and pretending to be other people, I'm trying to find that out. We would have phone numbers linking accounts together or email addresses and some cases I p addresses other types of metadata that are associated with account. So we can link those accounts together and we'll double counts in and of itself is not

 

a violation of our rules and some people have their. You know: work working account arsenal count as when you're deliberately pretending to be someone else and manipulating a consultation about a political issue, and those are exactly the stick. The types of things that we saw, the Russians do, for example, in the twenty sixteen election, so it was that playbook and that type of activity that we saw about Jacob Wall and that's why his accounts were suspended. Did you investigate Jonathan Morgan? I don't know who. That is why the that's that's the

question. Why I I don't? I don't know who that is, but that's that's right. It may be that someone at Twitter investigated him. I personally don't include that. So one of one of the issues that I think is really important. It too is you should know who he is. He is more important than Jacob Wallace, but for some reason you know about this conservative guy, not the Democrat who were who helped metal in that yeah

election election so doesn't according to the sheer volume that they have to pay attention to right right right, but it's it's about grains of sand making heap in the

 

of direction where we can see Jacob Wall has said, he's done that so you're like we're gonna investigate we ban him. It was recently reported and

covered by numerous outlets that a group called new knowledge was meddling in the Alabama election by creating fake russian accounts to manipulate

national media into believing that Roy Moore was propped up by the Russians. Facebook banned him and as well as for other people, but Twitter, didn't he still the accounts that were engaged

in the behavior. I I do remember. I said that I do remember signing this division at him. That's worse! That way, so you didn't band the guy doing it, but you banned the people like so so in the case of Jacob, while we were able to directly attribute through email addresses and phone numbers, his direct connection to the accounts that were created to manipulate the election, if we're not able to tie that direct connection on our platform or law enforcement, doesn't give us information to tie attribution, we won't

 

take action and it's not because of political ideology. It's because we want to be damn sure before we take action on it, so someone could use a vpn, perhaps and maybe additional email accounts and they could game the system and that were there certainly sophisticated ways that people can can do uh things to mask who they are and what it

don't sit there and just see internal conversation TIM just to provide more light in tow. What happens like I got it. I got a email or attacks from Vigia uh,

I'm one morning and said we are going to permanently suspend this particular account, and it's not a you know. What do you think it's we are going to do this

and I then have an opportunity at to ask questions. I asked the question why she

give me a link back to the document of all the findings, an USA. Today we took the action I was on twitter. A bunch of people pointed me at this particular case sense, some of those tweets to her. What's going on, so

 

that's well, that was in the background, wouldn't you just terminate anybody associated with a company that was doing this. I mean keep in mind too at the time when this campaign was happening. That's what this more bases he had met

to engaging in the operation in a quote to New York Times and you banned the accounts associated with it. So if you know he's the one running the company, wouldn't you be like okay, you're gone um. Do you want us to take? Every single newspaper accounts attribution because what we were able to do in the Jacob all situation was actually tied. Those accounts in our own systems that he

you control the rounds not just take. The word of a newspaper are no yeah. You can have your say that your band is accounts, yes, and you know,

oh from his own statement and from his tweets that he was the run running running the company Jacob, all no, no, no Jonathan Morgan,

I'm I'm getting confused about so it Jacob Wall, it's an in the

USA today he says I'm doing this and you're like ok, we can look at it and we can see if we get rid of them

 

with new knowledge. You said you did take those counts down. I believe we were able to take down a certain cluster of accounts that we saw engaging in the behavior, but we won't weren't necessarily able to tie it back to one person controlling those again,

even if they say they did it do you- and this is where I get back like we'd like to have some sort of attribution. That's direct that we can see. Would we just take the any

newspaper or any article at face value and just action them? Would you have

to contact him and get some sort of statement from him in order to take down his account? I don't think you would admit to manipulating twitter after Aston's. So if you do well at the fact that he's communicated with the newspaper asked to clarify what they said, what what they claim to the times that was a false flag near time said they review

internal documents that showed they admitted it was a false flag operation. The guy who runs

the company said: oh his company does this. He wasn't aware necessarily, but it was

experiment so he's given kind of,

 

in my opinion, duplicitous, like you, know, not straightforward, but at the time of this campaign, which he claims to know about, he tweeted that it was real. So, during the Roy Moore campaign he tweets wow look

the Russians, then it comes out later. His company is the one that did it so you're kind of like

so this guy was propping up his own fake news right then, when they get

busted he goes. Oh, no, it's just my company doing an experiment, but you tweeted it wasn't. You

use your verified twitter account to push the fake narrative. Your company was pumping on this platform, and so

the point I wanna make, I guess is it sounds like we need to take a closer look at this one:

bring back Morgan, Myrtle, well, Megan, Murphy, Megan, Murphy, sorry,

a friend of mine, Thio, sorry Morgan.

So this is that I haven't read the story. It's been like two months since the story broke, so I could have my you know I want to. I want to get sued and have my facts wrong, but the reserve, as I was

to accuse you of wrongdoing, was to point out that I don't. I don't think that the people who work at two

 

twirling, your their mustaches laughing. You know back pressing the band button whenever they see a conservative. I think it's just there's a bias. That's unintentional! That flows in one direction,

so you see the news about Jacob Wall and I think, there's a reason for it to there's a couple reasons for one yours, your staff is likely.

You mentioned more likely to lean left and look at certain sources, so

gonna hear about more things more often and take action on those things, as opposed to the other side of the of the coin, but but we we have to consider like where the actions are taking place on I'm speaking more broadly to the four thousand people that we have is a

company versus no deliberateness that we have on bridges team. I just mean when we

we look at a company wide average of all of you,

boys and the direction they lean.

Is the new sources they're willing to read you're going to see a flow in one direction, whether it's intentional or not? And so I

the challenges, but we don't generally rely on new sources to find a new of our

 

for what we're. Looking at what we're seeing the signals we can see once in a while, we will get tipped off to something but like for the most part when we're looking at manipulation. It's not like the New York Times can tell us

what's going on on the platform where the ones I have the Meta Data back accounts were the ones I can see patterns of behavior at scale, but it said I hear you

I I yeah one name and I didn't know another name, and it was because video said you don't work.

Only banning this account and yes, we we don't have the the same sort of findings in the other particular account, which I got feedback on past her and and we don't. I find what I need to find, I think, but to be clear- the team in taking action on this stuff months ago,

when it actually happened. Yeah, I think you know a lot of what people assume is Malon tend, is sometimes fake news. You know, I think one of my biggest criticisms in terms of what's going on our culture is. The news system is, like you pointed out, although it's changed, left wing journals only follow themselves.

 

I that's my experience. I've worked for these companies and so they repeat the same narratives. They don't get out of their bubble. Even today, they're still in a bubble and they're not seeing what's happening outside of it

and then what happens? Is you know? According to date, I think this is from Pew

most new journalism. Jobs are in blue districts, so you've got people who only

the same thing. The only cover the same stories. So if, if you know we hear all about Jussie Smollett, we hear about how the story goes because wild, but there's like eight hundred instances of trump supporters. When my head's getting beaten, you know

about the past couple of years we had a guy show up to a school in Eugene, Oregon with a gun and fired two rounds at a cop wearing a smash. The patriarchy and she'll shirt and those stories don't make the headlines. So it's you know what,

when the journalists are inherently in a bubble, the information

you're going to get is a big company who follows these news organizations is going to be inherently, you know, one sided as well, and then the only action you're going to to take is what you know. You can't ban someone if you don't know that

 

I hear ya. I'd I'd, I think the biggest issue and the the thing that I'd I want to fix the most is the fact that we create and sustain and maintain these echo chambers yeah. Well, you you're rolling

at that new feature that allows you to hide replies right. We're testing

experimenting with inability to enable people to have

more control, as you would expect. A host over the conversation and like Facebook allows that yeah, but I

I don't think they have the level of transparency that we want to put into it. So we actually want to show whether a comma

was moderated and then actually allow people to see those comments. So both

going the action that this person moderated a particular comment and then you

actually see the common itself. It's one click! One click, one click over one tap over! That's how

 

we're thinking about it might change in the future. But we we can't do this without a level of transparency, because we minimize something veg. It spoke to earlier, which is speaking truth to power holding people to account even things like

the fire festival. Where you know you have these organizers, who were deleting

every single comment, moderating every single comment that called this thing of fraud and don't go here. We can't we can't, we

can't reliably and we, like just for

 

responsibility, simply ever create a feature that enables more of that to happen and and that's how we're thinking about even features like this. I'm gonna jump right off to a different train car here. Has law enforcement ever ask you to keep certain people on the platform even after they violated your rules? Not that I'm aware so then this you know to the to the next question at pertain to bias you have the issue of Anti five verses. The Prob boys and patriot prayer and Twitter prominently excised anyone associate with the proper ways, anti five pounds who have broken the rules repeatedly branded known cells that have been involved in vines, also active. Is there a reason what what the problem is, what we were able to do was actually look at documentation and announcements that young the leaders of the organization and made- and there you

 

violence in the real world. That was where we're focused on and subsequent to our decision. I believe the FBI also designated. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true! No, ok! No, that's not true yeah! You know the proud boys started out as a joke. Gavin

Mcginnis, Anthony Cumia, who was part of Opie and Anthony now his own show tall, told me about it,

happened on his show because there

is a guy that was on the show and they made a joke about starting a gang based on him, because he was a very effeminate guy that would calm the proud boys and um. They went into

detail about how this thing became from a joke and say

thing that you could join the proud boys and everyone was, you know, was like being silly to people

joining it and then it becoming this thing to fight Antifa and then

becoming infested with white nationalists and becoming well

well in in in in many ways and how it was. But it's been dot

 

commented how it started and what it was and Miss represented as to why what why was started, I I I I I think they

there's some things that should be clarified about them, but Gavin has made a bunch of statements that cross the line he claims he claims to be joking, and so that's

that's what he did on the podcast tv was talking to me about it, and he saw that one anti fur was blocking people like Ben Shapiro, speech,

jizz and things along those lines and stopping conservatives. For speaking, you should just punch him in the face. We're gonna have to start kicking people's asses and like this. Is it

not just irresponsible, responsible, foolish and short sighted and just a dumb way to talk? So then you have the Antifa groups that are engaging

in the same thing: we've we've. You know the the famous bike lock basher incident, where a guy showed up at seven. Am he had seven people over there with a bike lock they'd such going to release them? I'm gonna leave that, for the time being you have other groups like.

I am by any means necessary. You have in Portland, for instance, there specific branded factions. There is

 

the the I mentioned earlier, where they docks ice age

and they said do whatever inspires you. This information and

you're tagged in a million times. I know you probably can't see it, but you can actually

see that some of the tweets and the threat are removed, but the main tweet itself from an anti fascist account linking to a website straight up, saying, like

the private home details, phone number addresses of these law enforcement officers is not removed in September. So here's what you end up seeing is uh again. The point I think one of the big problems in this country is the media, because it was reported that the FBI designated.

It was an extremist group, but it was a misinterpretation based, a sheriff wrote a draft saying with you know: the FBI considers them to be extremists.

Media than reported here say from the sheriff and that's b, I came out said no. No, we never meant to do that. That's not true. We are just concerned about violence, so the problems all get purged and again, I think you know given the different story,

if you want to go after the individuals who are associated with that group versus the guy who goes on the show and says outrageous things and goes on Joe's show, and then you have Antifa

 

branded sells like what I mean by that is, they have specific names, they sell merch

nice and

are the ones showing up throwing mortar shells into crowds they're the ones showing up with with crowbars and and bats and whacking people. I was

Boston and there's a rally where conservatives are planning on putting on a rally was literally just like libertarians and conservatives. Antifa shows up with crowbars bats

balaclavas with weapons threatening them, and so I

I have to wonder if, if you know these people are allowed to organize your platform, are you concerned about that? Why are they being bad when they violate the rules? Yeah, absolutely concern about that. Has the FBI designate them as

Mister Turner? Yes, I'm sorry, homeland Security in New Jersey has less them under domestic terrorism. So so here I understand

conundrum in that the general concept of Anti fascism is a loose term.

It means you oppose fascism run, but Anti five is now they have a flag. They had a flag since the Soviet. You know. So, if you are not a german and soviet IRAN, they've brought back their specific groups that I'm not going to mention my name that have specific names and this summer and

 

they appeared in various news outlets. They've expressed their desire to use violence to suppress speech. There was a centralized organization, the same way that I hear you on probably is but like where they have like tenants that are written out and there's a leader and like

uh, it's not the same, but there are specific brand cells sells. That's why bring them up? Specifically, I realize

you know someone showing up to a rally wearing a black hoodie and sunglasses. We we gonna ban, but there are groups that that organize specifically call for violence. They they they push the line as close as as as lightly as possible. They advocate sabotage, and things like this- and you know when the probably is going in the fights, are not getting invited themselves there.

You know so, and I should point out that they they decided to call for violence based on and t for calling for violence. Yes, based on

Antifa, actually actively committing violence against conservative people that were there to see different people. It partly started because in Berkeley there

 

is a Trump rally. So actually, after Milo got chased out of the Berkeley, there was a hundred thousand thousand in damages.

There's a video of some guy in all black cracking some

one on the back was on the ground, looking like they're unconscious. So

these conservative see this and they just

to hold a rally saying we won't back down. They hold a rally in Berkeley and then

Antifa shows up again. I understand you can't figure out who these people are for the most part of decentralized. But then this insights,

an escalation. You then get the rise of the base to stick man. They called it.

Guy shows up in armor with a stick and start swinging back and now you have two factions forming. So

while I recognize it's much easier to ban a top down group, there are, you know, is the difference.

Is while you look at the proud boys, it's straight top down vertical. You look at Antifa and there's different cell

of varying size and they're different accounts. So I have

the two like. I guess the argument I can make as if you're going to be the proud boys by all means under your justification.

 

But if you look at a specific channel, that's got twenty thousand followers that cheers them on right. These are people who throw mortar shells into crowds. Isn't that advocating, for you know

terrorism, incitement of violence yeah, absolutely so I guess the

it is how come they don't get removed. Well, in the past, when we've looked at um Anti Evo, we we ran into this decentralization issue, which is we weren't able to find the same type of information that we were able to find about proud boys, which was the central eyes leadership based documentation of what they stand for um. But absolutely I mean it's something that will continue to look into into the extent that they're using Twitter to organize any sort of

offline violence. That's completely prohibited under rules, and we would absolutely take action when I ask you why Gavin was banned, was there a specific

thing that he did or was it his association with the Proud Boys association?

 

You know he's abandoned that he's. Not only that he's disassociated himself with it and said that it completely got out of hand. He doesn't want to have anything to do with it. Yeah, and I think this is a great again test case for how we think about getting people back

from the platform. If yeah, he said, he's an interesting case because he's a really a Provoca tour and he fancies himself, you know sort of a punk rocker and he just he likes stirring shit. I mean

when he came on my show last time he was on, he was dressed up like

well Douglas and falling down. You know he did. It

purpose brought a briefcase and everything I'm like. What are you doing? It's like Michael Douglas and falling down, like he's, he's ah showman in many ways, and he did not mean for this to to go the way it went. He saw

thought it would be. This sort of innocent fun thing to be a part of, and then other people got in

solved it in and when call for

silence

 

the problem is they think that you know you're going to just hit people that's going to solve a problem. It just creates a much more much more comprehensive problem. It's important to point out Gavin said has had many like he said things way worse thing than Alex Jones ever did you know what?

Whether you want to say it's a joke or not. He said things like you know: choke um,

hi John yeah, but but I guess was the primary reason for game. One of them was when you thought that the FBI had does need them extremist group now, because we did it months and months and

okay, I was just so he just it was just his association with the proud boys. I don't recall, and I would have to go back and I don't want to

things. I don't recall whether those statements that you're referring to of Gavin's were on twitter,

so they weren't there's another. You know when it comes to the weaponization of rules against like Gavin, isn't creating a compilation of

 

things, he's ever said out of context and then sending them around himself banned. Other people are doing that to him activists who don't like him and it's effective. In fact, I would actually like to point out. There is one particular user who has repeatedly made fake videos attacking one of your other high profile, conservatives so much so that he had filed police reports, harassment, complaint and it just doesn't stop you know. So

I guess I'll ask this this regard. If someone repeatedly makes videos of you out of context fake audio, accusing you of anything

you never done at what point is that mandible yeah, and if it's targeted harassment, we can establish it. It's just a really hard thing with us to term

whether something is fake or not. What's also when things are out of context, you still have video

person saying that I agree that it's out a contest, it's disingenuous, but it's still

person saying it and you're making a compilation of some pre existing audio or video. So I think in in the in

sense of Gavin, like one of the things he said was like a call to violence, but he was talking about.

 

It was in the context of talking about a dog in being scolded. Yes, so he was like it or just hit him, and then it's like it turns out

talking about dog like burning something wrong when they take that they snippet,

then it goes viral. Many sorts flagging, saying you gonna, ban this. This guy know that I understand you like you know, but

that's the issue is if, if people keep doing that to destroy someone's life, so so I think that it is it. Is it a bigger discussion? I think both you could probably shed some important light on to outside of twitter. This weaponization of content from platforms is being used to get people banned from the banking accounts. You know they get there. We can talk about Patrie on, for instance, and again I'm not this is

this may just be something you could chime in on Patreon Band Man, Carl Benjamin also known as sergeant of cod, he's also banned from twitter,

 

and it was why you know why he got banned from twitter um. I can see that's an interesting one. Ah, I do have some some of the details here. Um, do you want me to read you please? Okay, um looks like it's gonna be gross. It's not

stuff that I love saying, but I will say it what Jack said he doesn't like cursing either. Let's see I curse more than he does so. I guess I should say first strike.

Fuck white people kill all men die, come none of the above qualify as hate speech.

When was that I don't have the dates, I'm sorry, but

 

he's not he's a white guy. I mean obviously he's joking around there, so it's like white people and also something else. I make a point about yeah wills and how you enforce them, not actual, possibly also exactly what you're ticked off pager on he was. It was exactly yeah well, I know he also posted a photo of interracial gay porn at some white nationalist to make them angry. Yes, yeah he's funny. Well I

it's funny some I can under

stand. How posting that photo

was a egregious violation of the rules, whether whether or not he was trying to insult some people. That's a very good point.

I wanted to bring that up is porn of violation of rules. Corn generally, no good,

really good for you, and why would what it happens in my feet all the time? I follow a couple of naughty girls and occasionally they they

all of them self, engaging in intercourse and like yikes.

 

So then what else were the other strikes? First are gone: you are um, let's see um, there was the use of ah jewish slur um. How do you use it? Ah, to a person you trader remain ER white genocide, supporting Islam, a file, jewish slur, lover.

That should keep you going hash tag. Hitler was right, but but the general opinions these are trying to these are targeted at some.

That sounds like he's being soy, like he's making a joke yeah, I understand in context. It sounds like the other one like in con

text. What he's saying particularly particular fact he's a white guy that doesn't sound

racial slur at all, I mean he's saying fuck white people and he is in context again. These are tide together. I always knew that person was not to be trusted that fucking,

 

jewish lark. Oh so, there's a lot. There's a bunch of very specific person target is being very, very pressing the side out a specific jewish person. I don't know the race of this person, I'm sorry- and this is

okay, but this is not. It is not parody. This is not joking around. We didn't view it.

Why? I'm just I'm not trying to like read it all this, I'm just tell you what they were saying. I knew he had

some things that were like a greedy violations of the rules, because you know plain simple: I didn't bring him up to. You know, go through and trying to figure out a feat, but that it does sound like a least the first one was meant to be a joke of

they're so intensely, but there are a bunch of others. If you wanna hear I'm more than sure that Ueberroth is again targeted. This is how I know one day that I'll be throwing you from a helicopter. You the same kind of malignant cancer. Don't forget it so there's just it it's not one thing

 

or to the rings earned three things is like a bunch of them, plus the engines of Ranger measure thing. You know, throw someone for help you in that hell cut and put it, but admittedly- and I I a so so he he he he's on you to buy them a sort of a Kaiser big account and I've. I've criticized him for being overly mean in the past and I think it's exactly gets angry, but but he he is a very

different now and I guess the reason I brought him up was not very different now so so well, a lot of the makes makes is much calmer, he's less likely to insult someone directly. He missed

probably recognizing that he's on his last straw. Death I mean especially ticked off a twitter is on you to be from got a mind, is piecing cues of that, and but that is so the reason I brought him up again, but before we move on was that activists found at a live stream from eight

to go again. I I totally forgot why was brings up because we've moved so far away from where we were, but they they pulled us a clip from an hour and

one slash or whatever into a two hour, live stream on a small channel that only two thousand views sent to Patris and then page

 

and said yep, that's a violation and banned him out right without warning. Again, I understand is different from what you guys do. You do suspensions first, but I guess the reason I bring up was to talk about a few things. Why blocking isn't enough? Why muting isn't enough? And if you think that it's driving people off the platform, people post my tweets on Reddit,

I block them, they use a dummy, account load up, my tweet it to Reddit and then spammy on Reddit. So you know blocking

and even leaving twitter would never do anything short of me. Shutting up, there's nothing. You can do to protect me or anyone else. Look I mean these are eggs.

The conversations were having a one. The reason why I don't think blocking and meeting or enough is one I don't think. We've made me powerful enough. A it's spread all over the service.

You you can use it and then you gotta go find where you actually meet. These people are a little profile page and that's just it's it's a it's. A disaster

doesn't work in the same way that it should

work in the same way that follow works, which is just the inverse event.

 

I noticed the now I get a notification says you can't see the street because you meet this person right before. I would just see a weird reply and be like: oh it's one of those exactly you know, so, there's also all this infrastructure that we have to fix in order to like pass those through in terms of what action you took or what action someone else took to be transparent about like what's happening on the network had the second. The second thing it block is re

the interesting I'd. I think it's a my own view is it's wholly on unsatisfying, because

you're doing is you're blocking someone. They get notification that you've blocked them, which may in

I'm even more which causes you know others around and ramifications from from the network, but

also that person can log on to twitter and then look at your tweets just on the parkway, because we're republic, so exactly it

doesn't feel as as rigorous and as durable. Something like making mute much stronger, but

 

I guess the challenges, no matter what rule you put in place. People are gonna harass you if you're, if you're engaging in public discourse, you know if I go out in the street and yell out my opinion, somebody could get in my face. If I get off twitter because I'm sick and I mean look, you know, I'm sure you get it way worse than I d'oh

specially. As you know, the high profile probably get it right now. Yeah, absolutely me to got out. I can only believe so so the only thing I can do is look we're not on twitter right now we're on Joe Rogan's, podcast and they're still going to target you on twitter they're stuck in it. I guarantee we're all around it. The the the left is probably railing on either

it's and you guys. So it seems like, even if you try

everything in your power to make twitter healthier and better, it's not going to change anything,

not sure about that. I'm not sure about that, because one of the things that I do think is that just I'm not

in favor of a lot of this heavy handed banning and a lot of the things that have been going on particularly case like the Megan Murphy case. But what I

think that we are doing is we're were x

 

during the idea of civil discourse, we're

thing to figure out, what's acceptable and what's not acceptable and your community

meeting about this on a very large scale and

it's putting that out there and then people are discussing it whether

agree or disagree with a vehemently defend you or or hate you they're discussing this.

This is, I think this is how these things change and the change

over long periods of time think about words

that were commonplace just

a few years ago that you live

really can't, say anymore right now,

there's so many of them that were

Lee commonplace or not even thought to be offensive ten years ago

that now you can get banned off a platform for, but that's a good point to argue against. Banning people and Thio cease enforcing hate speech rules. Yeah,

I agree with that as well. I think it's both things.

 

Let me, let me tell you something important. I was in the UK at an event. Um for a man named count Dracula, who I don't know if you've heard of oh sure, yeah. Thank you as the guy who got charged and convicted of making a joke where he had his pug do a Nazi salute,

but I was there and I was arguing that a certain white nationalist had used racial slurs on Youtube. He has I don't. I name him and

some guy in the UK said. That's not true. He's never done that and I said you're crazy. Let me pull it up. Unfortunately,

I don't know why. But when I did the Google search, nothing came up. What I did notice that the bottom of the page it said due to you, know: Uk Law, certain things have been removed, so I don't know if it is exactly why I couldn't pull up a video proving or tweets or anything, because I think using these words gets were stripped from the social

forms. I could not prove to this man in the first century in the in the UK, this we could use a vpn and then get around that yeah

at the time. I was just like trying to pull it up and I'm like all this weird so now

 

have someone who doesn't realize he's a fan of a bigot, because the law has restricted the speech. So there's a point to be made. If you I understand,

you want a healthy like you, you want to to grow, you need to grow. The Cheryl is needed to grow, that advertisers need to advertise. So you've got all these restrictions, but allowing

people to say these awful things makes sure

we stay away from them and it allows us to avoid certain people and it isn't it important to know that these people hold these believes. If you get rid of them,

you know someone could walk into a business and you wouldn't even know that they were a NEO nazi, but if they were high profile

saying that things you like that's the kind of like you're absolutely right. This is like one of my favorite sayings. Is that sunlight is the best disinfectant and it's so so so true, I, like one of the biggest problems with censorship, is the fact that you push people underground and you don't know

 

going on, and this is something I worry about. It's not that I don't worry about. You bend people. For these reasons, I also worry about driving people away from the platform and affecting their real lives. So like what we're trying to find this right balance- and I hear you like you- May know-

I think- we're drawing the lines in the right place and we get that feedback all the time and where was trying to find the right places to do that. But I worry as much about like the underground

and unlike being able to shine a light on these things is, as anything else to make it. I think it's a a cost, benefit analysis and- and we have to constantly rehash it and and do it it's like we. We have the technology we have today and we are looking at technologies which open up the aperture even more, and we

all agree that a binary on or off is not the right answer and it's not scalable. We have started getting into nuance within our enforcement,

 

and we've also started getting into nuance with the presentation of of content. So you know one path might have

in for some of your replies for us to just remove that those you know offensive replies completely. We don't do that. We hide it behind an interstitial

to protect the original tweeter in it and and also folks who don't want to see that they can still see everything they just

to do one more top. So that's one solution, ranking is another solution, but as technology gets better and we get better at applying to it, we have a lot more optionally, whereas we don't. We don't have that as much today. I I I

feel, like you know it was gonna rewrite an earlier point, though you know, if you recognize someone is a basis, in fact, and your it's like you're you're chasing after and a goal that can never be met. If you want to. If you want to put

all speech and they start banning certain individual, you you want, you want to increase the amount of all the conversations but you're banning some people. Well,

 

how long until this group is nothing to buy that group how long to have banned everybody? I hear you know what I I don't believe. A permanent ban promotes health. Okay.

I know I don't I don't believe,

but we have to. We have to work with the technologies

and conditions that we that we have today so and evolve over overtime to where we can see examples like this woman at the Westboro Baptist

Church, who was using Twitter every single day to spread hate against the other pieces, Q, a community and over time we had. I think it was three or four

folks on twitter who would engage her every single day about what she was doing and she actually left the church,

 

Phelps Dodge and she's amazing and and she's crazy she's not pulling her family out of that as well, and you could make the argument that if we bands that account early on, she would have never left the church. I completely here that we we get it it's it's just also. It's also. I I just wanna make sure we had word man in the conversation to not just gonna go back. So

just ask you this: have you considered allowing some of these people probably band back on with some restrictions, may be? You can only tweet twice per day? Maybe you can't reach we or something to that effect. They were very early in our thinking here. So we're we're open minded to how to do this. I think we agree, philosophically that permanent bands are an extreme case scenario and it shouldn't be one of our in a regular use tools in our tool chest. So how we do that, I think, is something that we're actively talking about today. Is there a time line

 

that we can so so look you know, I think that would fix a lot of problems. Yes, I really do feel like I'm. Your scary is like. Are you thinking like bands of a year five years ten years, like I'm, just curious like what is what is a reasonable ban in this kind of context?

I, I think reasonably so much enough to state their case as to why they want to be unbanned like someone should have to have a like a well measured considerate response to what they

did wrong. Do they agree with what they did wrong, maybe perhaps saying why they don't think they did anything wrong and you could review it from there. I think um. You know one of the challenges we have the benefit of english common law of hundreds of years of precedent and developing new rules and figure out what works and doesn't tweet is very different, so I think

 

the technology- I don't know if you need permanent bands or even or even suspensions at all, you could literally just I mean like someone's account- is essentially suspending them, but I I again I I wouldn't you know, claim to know anything about the things you go through, but what, if you just restricted most of what they could say,

you know you blocked certain words in a certain dictionary of someone's been if someone was Greece till no, but no, but but think about this way. Is it better that they're permanently banned or better? But it's not it's not good to you.

Don't think about this way. Instead of being suspended for seventy two hours, you get a dictionary block from hate speech. Words right

not make sense people just using language. That's what we see all the time yeah I know. Well, they could move. What do you? What do you think about perhaps, instead of what is it PA

both have levels of twitter like

completely uncensored, unmoderated level of twitter, and then

you know have like a rated r and then have like a PG thirteen. I mean, I don't think that's a

 

idea. We we, we have those levels in place today, but you don't really see them one. We have a not safe for work, its way in which you can turn on or off, not really and see for works, which

I think you have it off Joe. Do you think so? The other things you could what you're seeing you have off

they're, so we so we have that and then, as Richard pointed out earlier, you know we have the time when we we started ranking the time line about three years ago. We enable people today to turn that off completely and see. You know the reverse, Chron of everything. That's all you can.

You can imagine a world where that switch. Has a lot more power over more of our algorithms threw out more of the surface areas. You can imagine that. So these are all the questions that are on the table. You asked about timeline, and this is this is a challenging one. I don't know about timeline because first.

 

We we've decided that our priority right now is going to be on Pro actively enforcing ah lot of this content, specifically around anything that impacts physical safety like like Doc, sing so bright, but there's so many examples of what you guys not doing that

I know, but that that's what we that's, what we're writing right now. That's that's a privatization, but

from your own personal warned active. We think more in terms of milestones on the particular time and we're gonna move as fast as we can, but some of it's a function of our of our infrastructure of the technology we have to.

We have to bring to bear. Do you guys have conversations about trying to shift the public perception of having this left wing bias and maybe possibly addressing it yeah?

Well, I'm going right now, right yeah I mean I I went on the Sean Hannity show I you know we we how's that we brought our so

 

before it was very what some might it was short and he well your short and the run a lot of really tough questions and not as a product as well, and you know I I get it like look again, I'm also I'm from Missouri. My dad is republican. He listened to and he listen to rush Limbaugh. My mom was a Democrat and I feel extremely fortunate that I was able to first see the spectrum, but also

feel safe enough to express my own point of view. But when I go on someone like Kennedy, I'm not talking Hannity, I'm talking the people, like my dad to listen to him right and I want to get across how we think and and also that are thinking of walls and here's. The challenges were saying in like the server is our inter.

This is what we're trying to protect and we're going to make some mistakes along the way and we're going to admit to him. We didn't

meant to them in the past week and middle to a lot more over over the past three years, but

 

no, I I don't know any other way to address some of these issues at all. It all goes back to trust, like our one of our core operating principles is earning trust, her. We earn more trust in a you know the the people in the world to do not trust us at all, and there are some people who trust us a little

more, but this is a thing that we want to measure this. The thing that we want to get better- and I saw you get a conversation with, I think, Katie Herzog. No, no, who was it was the wrong person. You had a twitter converse, a

and with the characters, Wisher wrong person, but someone's got a shot at and and and- and you know I I I see the left

is that you in the opposite direction- they want more, they want more band,

they want more, you know, restrictions and then look at the right is saying less right, so

I mean in terms of solving the problem. Tell us their conversations. Conversation was about. Do you

Somers, because because the thing I was out specifically was that you were being asked to do more in terms of

 

controlling. Well, it wasn't just more but to be a lot more specific about what actions we've taken to promote more health on the platform like what products that we change. What policies did we introduce in the past two years s? So she was asking questions

every question she asked. She wanted me to be a lot more specific, and

some of these things have something that is very specific sum or directional right now, because it's like we, we have to prioritize. You know what the direction and- and I talked about like you know- we've decided that physical safety is going to be a party for us and to us. That means

like being a whole lot more proactive around things like taxing, took two suggestions. I guess I'm not going to imply that you have unlimited funding, but we did mention the peer review Young right right, I mean you had the review mentioned earlier. Lassen retraction odd at

 

review, which you mentioned, but have you just considered opening an office even a small one for trust and safety in an area? That's not predominantly blue, so that at least you have like you can add some push back and is what I have learned to cope

mean, and then they could tell you absolutely so that that's a that's great feedback, and just so you know, the trust and safety team is also a global team in the enforcement team is a global team. So it's not like people from California who are looking at everything making decisions their global. Now I hear your point about who trains them in the materials I have and all that like. We have to think about that and that's that's one thing that Jack has really been pushing us to think about is how do we decentralize our work force because out of services out of San Francisco in particular,

so this is something he's very focused on what about publishing evidence of wrongdoing in a banning. So when people say you know what Alex Jones really d'oh, maybe a lot of people didn't realize what you what you saw and again it's an issue of trust yeah. I I love this time,

I'm a lawyer so by training we're thinking of doing

 

then call we call case studies but essentially like this is our case law. This is what we use and so on high profile cases cases people ask us about like to actually publish this so that we can go through. You know tweet by treat us like this. Was I

a lot of people just don't understand, and they don't believe us when we're saying these things so to put that out there, so people can see and again they may disagree with the calls that were making, but we at least want them to see why we're making these calls.

I think, and that that I do want to do. I want to at least start that by the end of this year, so I think you know ultimately my main

Adam stands and I don't see a solution to in that twitter,

an unelected you know unaccountable. As far as I'm concerned, when it comes to public discourse, you have rules that are very clearly at odds as we discussed. I don't see a solution to that and I think in my opinion, we can have this kind of like we've

 

on things that we've had some interesting conversations. But ultimately, unless you're willing to allow people to speak, speak speak entirely freely you are in, for we we have an unelected group with a near monopoly on public discourse in many capacities, and I understand it's not everything right

his big too and it's you know what I see is you are going to dictate policy, what

you realize it or not, and that's going to terrify people and it's going to make violence happen. It's gonna make things worse. You know the the I am like.

I hate to bring up this example on the on the rule for Miss gender ring, because I'm actually, I understand it and I can agree with it to a certain extent. I have you know, um nothing, but nothing but respect for the Trans Community, but also

a we've seen an escalation in street violence. We see a continually

enfranchised large faction of individuals country.

We then see only one of those factions band.

We then see a massive multi

channel billion dollar corporation with private and foreign investors and

to me like, if you hold, if, if you know

I'm trying to manipulate us there, I don't. I don't see

 

direct solution to that problem, that you do have political views. You do enforce them, and that means

that Americans, who are buying by american ruler being excised from political discourse and that's the future, that's it.

We do have views on on the approach and and again it's like we will we ground this in creating as much option is possible for the largest number of people right right, but that's where it starts and where we are today will certainly involved, but like that. That is what we are trying to base our rules and judgments. Not, and I I get that that's an ideology, but I I completely understand it, but we we also have to. We also have to be free to experiment with solutions and experiment with of often policy and putting something out there. That might look right at the time and of all of it, and I'm not saying this is it but like we we look to re

 

search. We look to our experience and out on the platform and we make a call and if we get it wrong, word we're going to a minute and work we're going to of all of it. But I guess do you? Do you understand my point? I understand the point that they are there:

american citizens, abiding by the law, who have a right to speak and be involved in public discourse that you have decided, aren't allowed to do and- and I think we've discussed like we- we we don't see that as a

when a weed, we see all right yeah as not promoting health, ultimately over time right, but

is ultimately what is your priority? Do you have it prioritized in terms of what you got? What you guys would like to change? I think Jack is that a couple of times, but the first thing we're going to do is prioritize people's physical safety and that's

to be understanding. You already have done that pretty much right. Uh! No, you do that more we've prioritized it. Okay

right, we're doing the work. I don't think companies like ours make the link

enough. What is online and offline ramifications? What's the main criticism? What's the main,

 

this is um, you guys. Is it censorship that you guys experience? Is it sense?

Ship is a banning of what is it? What is, and what do you most, it depends on. Every single person has a different criticism, so I don't think there's a universal opinion. You just pay the picture right, I mean it, but the the left- and I would like him- is asking for more short and to the right, as I sing for Us- that's very simplified just for this country, but

at a high level yeah, that's consistent. I mean my opinion would be as much as I do. I don't lie. I don't like a lot of what people say about me. What they do. The rules even force on Twitter have done nothing to stop harassment towards me or anyone else right MIKE I sort of had my twitter. I mean my read. It is probably you know fifty messages for

various. You know far left and left wing subreddits lying about me. Calling me horrible names quote tweeting me and these people are blocked,

and I and I I never used to block people, because I thought it was silly because I can get around anyway, but I decided to at one point because out of sight out of mind, if they see my tweets last probably interact with me last, but they

 

do this and they lie about what I believe they lie about. What I stand for and they're trying to destroy everything about me and they do this to other people. I recognize that

so ultimately I say: well, what do you do? It's going to happen? I'm one of these platforms. The internet is a thing, as they say on the internet. Welcome to the internet. So you know to me. I see twitter trying to in for

all these rules to maximize good and all you end up doing is stripping people from the platform putting them

dark corners of the web where they get worse, and then you don't. Actually, these are the respite from the corner of the world right now,

but there are dark corners of Reddit. There are alternatives, I mean the of

is going to go away and people have found alternatives and here's the other thing that's really disconcerting. We can see

a trend among all these different big Silicon Valley, tech companies and they hold

similar. You guys, the band similar ideology and they're creating

a parallel society. You've got alternative social networks, popping up that are taking the dregs of the of the mainstream and give him a place to flirt

 

grow. Make money now we're seeing people be banned from Mastercard from banned from Paypal even banned from Chase Bank, because they all hold

the same similar ideology to you. It's it's. You

capacities. I don't know exactly.

Why chase does it? I assume it's because

you'll get some activists who was nice, explain what you're talking about. There have been a series of individuals banned from Chase Bank.

It's have been yes, there accounts were closed. One eye, I think maybe the most notable

might be Martina Marco THA. I don't know much about her. I follow her on twitter and her tweets are typical conservative

and she created a comic. I think it's called lady alchemy she's a trump

order and she got a notice that her business account was terminated. You then have Joe Biggs, who previously worked with in for worse. I don't know much about this. I didn't follow up, but he tweeted out

chases shatter my account and then you have the new chairman of the proud boys and re gay. I forget his last name Tari or something, and so I was really white-

 

know he's a he's ever given. I know that's what somebody, but you know, so so what what? What? What is across the board?

It's not just and it's what I wanna bring before about perspective on these things. You guys are like we're gonna. Do this one thing and no snow flake blamed itself for the avalanche, but now what we have we have can service being stripped from Paypal. We have certain of what you just

six individuals from Paypal, Patrie on financing, so they set up alternatives.

Now we're seeing people who have like you mentioned Westboro Baptist

Search and she's been de radicalized by being on the platform, but now we have people who are being

radicalized by being pushed into the dark corners and they're building and they're, getting their growing and they're growing. Because there's this this idea that you can control this and you can.

You know I think you mentioned earlier- that

their studies showing and also counter studies, but people exposed to each other is better

something really interesting and because I have most whether or not people want

give us all of my friends are on the left and some of them,

 

even like socialists and they're, absolutely terrified to say to talk because they know they'll get attacked by the people who call for censorship and try to get him fired and what

I talked to them. I was talking to a friend of mine in LA and she said. Is there a reason to vote for Trump, and I explained a very simple thing about Trump supporters.

This is back in two thousand and sixteen I said oh well, you know you got a lot of people who are concerned about the free trade agreements sending jobs overseas, so they don't know much about Trump, but they're gonna vote for him because he supported that sort of Bernie and then the response is really. I don't know that, and so you have this ever expanding narrative, that Trump supporters are Nazis and the mob ahead. Is the k, K, K Hood

a lot of this rhetoric. You know emerges on twitter, but when, when a lot of these guys are getting excised, then you can't actually meet these people and see that

actually people- and they may be mean they may be mean people they may be awful people, but they're still people, and even if they have that opinion,

sometimes you actually, I think in most instances you find the regular people, people there's a part of

 

problem of calling for censorship and banning people in that it is sometimes effective and that people don't want to be thought

as being racist or in support of racism or in support of

journalism or any of these horrible things. So you feel like if you support these bannings, you support

positive discourse in a good society. All these different things. What you do

don't realize is what you're saying is that this does create these dark corners of the

have these other social media platforms evolve and have farm.

I mean when you're talking about bubbles and about these, the these groupthink bubbles. The worst kind of group think bubbles is a bunch of hate

people that get together and decide their post they've been persecuted instead of, like we were

combat with Megan Phelps having an hour.

Tuner needs, maybe reshape their views by having discourse of people who choose to or not choose to, engage with them. Well, let's, let's think about the the logical end of where this is all going. You want

 

healthier conversation, so you're willing to get rid of some people who then feel persecuted and have no choice but to band together with others. Mastercard Chase Patri, and they all do it. Facebook does it they're growing.

These platforms are growing they're, getting more users, they're expanding their showing up in real life and they're there. You know, even if these people who are banned, aren't the NEO Nazi evil, they're, just regular people who have banded together.

That forms a parallel finance system, a parallel economy. You've got patron alternatives emerging where people are saying. You know we reject you, and now I want a platform or people say the most

Phyllis things. Now they have money normalizes that as well. That's also, but that's what I mean by parallel society to them the everything they're doing is just and and right, yes, and you can't stop them anymore and it develops hate for the opposing view. Point you start hating people that are progressive, because it is the people that, like you, have talked about

 

date in society report that labeled us is all right adjacent or what whatever now more fake news coming. I got it right what's so they show us things that connected because you and I have talked to people that are on the right or far right- that somehow or another were secretly far right in that there's. This influence good network of people together and says Facebook,

it's a schizophrenic connection. That's like one of those weird things

we'll draw a circle! Oh you talk to this guy and this guy talked to that guy. Therefore, you know that guy well, so so here's an expanded part of this problem. So this this private familiar, but a group called date in society, published what's entirely fake

report labeling eighty one alt right adjacent to they want to call it Youtube channels included Joe Rogan and me it's fake, but you know what

couple dozen news outlets wrote about as if it was fact you believe the Prob ways were labeled as F, b up by the F b I's extremist when they actually weren't. It was a sheriff's report from someone out of Philly with the FBI, but they are activist within media. We have an agenda and

 

we saw this with learn to code. It was an NBC reporter. Who very clearly is you, know, left wing, identitarian, writing

joy for NBC than your average.

I can see that and be see story thinks it's factual than everyone talks about it. Then your people hear about it. These are banning people, so you know the address them to to drive the point home.

The snowflake won't blame itself for the avalanche. You guys are doing what you think is right. So is Facebook Youtube page around all these all these platforms and it's all going to result. In one thing, it's going to result

groups like Patriot prayer in the proud boys saying I refuse to back down showing up it's going.

What Antifa, showing up it's going to

Baltimore extremism. You've got an anti of account that published the home addresses and phone numbers that hasn't been banned. That's going to further show conservatives

at the policing is asymmetrical, whether you know it is or isn't, and I think the

the outcome to this on. The current course of action is like insurgency. We've seen people planting bombs in Houston, try to blow up a statue.

We saw someone plant a bomb at a police station in Eugene Oregon two weeks before

 

the guy showed up with a gun and fired two rounds at a cop wearing a smash. The patriarchy and she'll shirt. So

you know so that happens. Then, a week later they say you killed our comrade than a week later bombs planted. I don't believe it's coincidence. Maybe it is, but

I lived in New York, I got out too many people knew who I was, and

there wares people sending me emails with threats, and I'm like this is escalating. You know we've seen for the past years, with Trump we've seen. Breitbart has a list of

six hundred and forty instances of trump supporters being physically attacked or harassed in some way. There was a

story the other day about an eighty one year old man who was attacked and it seems

everything's flowing in one direction and nobody wants take response,

bility and say maybe we're doing something wrong right. That's what

that's why I brought up earlier regulation is, in my opinion, inevitable. Yeah I mean, I don't think it's going to be the

 

responsibility of anyone company. We we have a desire. Let me be clear that we have a desire to promote health and in public conversation, as as we've said, like I said, I don't think over time. A permanent ban promotes alright, I I I I don't put

we we have we have to. We have to get there all right extension in the role of course, but like we, we we, we just have work to do, and I I'd the the benefit of conversations like this is we're talking about a more, but the will naturally calls out

you got it. You got to show it as well. Do you fear regulation? I don't. I don't feel

regulation if, if we're talking about regulation

 

in the government intervention in in the job of if a regular job is to protect the individual and make sure that they level the playing field and they're not pushed by any particular special interest like companies like ours, who might you know, work with a regular to protect our own interest? Data, I think, is incorrect. I agree

that we should have um a new agency that can help us protect the protecting individual and level the playing field id. So I think oftentimes

companies see themselves as reacting to regulation and I think we need to take more of an education rule, so I don't fear it.

I want to make sure that we're educating regulators on what's possible what we're seeing and where we could go.

 

You see. Educating regulators, though that's initiating a regulation, I mean you're you're you're in not necessarily I mean there. We might. I just ate all Keating regulators who were these regulators did these are folks who, who might be tasked with coming up with a proposal for particular legislation or or laws on to resent to

legislators, so it's making sure that we are educating to the best our ability. This is what we are. This is what we see. This

is where technology is going and do you think you can hold off

regulation relational? You did you think that, by these approaches and by being proactive and by taking a stand,

offering up a road to redemption to these people and making clear

distinctions between what you're, what you're, allowing what you're not allowing you can hold off regulation. Or do you disagree with what he's saying about regular? No, I don't believe that should be. Our goal is to hold off for a mission. I believe we should be. We should put

 

just like any other citizen, whether it be Corpus, corporate citizen or individual citizen, in helping to guide the right regulation.

So are you familiar- and I could be wrong on this because it's been like fifteen years since I've done this? Are you familiar with the clean water restoration ACT at all? I don't expect you to be it's a very specific thing, so

it was at some point in like the early seventies, there was a river in Ohio and again I could be wrong. Been fifteen years I used to work for an environmental organization start on fire and what was typical

told us was that all of these different companies said we're doing the right thing but like, as I mentioned, the snowflake doesn't blame itself.

So over time the river was so polluted, it became sludge and on fire, and so someone said, if all of these

companies think they're doing the right thing and they've all just contributed to this nightmare. We need to tell them blank

regulation, and so what I see with these companies, like banking institutions, public discourse, platforms, video distribution, I

 

actually I'm really worried about what regulation will look like, because I think the government is going to you know screw everything up, but I think there's going to be a require all of at first. I think the Republicans, because I I watch the testimony had in Congress,

and I thought they had no idea what they're talking about, nor do they care. There was like a couple of people who made good points, but for the most part they were like I or whatever, and they ask about Russia,

so they have no idea what's going on, but there come a time when you know, for instance, one of one of the great things they brought up was that by

default, when someone in DC signs up, they see way more Democrats than Republicans right. You you, member that when you can just about yeah so well that there's an issue- and I don't think

I believe you when you say these algorithmic- that these know prominent individuals, so

it automatically recommended. But then there you know so

the solution to that like how do you regulate a programmer to credit algorithm to solve to solve that is is, is you're you're regulating someone to invent technology, but I feel like there will be a backlash when

 

many right now we're saying the reason why the reason we have this conversation is that conservatives feel like they're being persecuted and right and repressed. So then it's gonna ask like from is not gonna, stop we under sections and so that we we've been having a lot of talk about this particular on algorithms, and one of the things that we're really focused on is not just fairness and outcomes, but also explain ability of algorithms, and I know Jack you, you love the

steps. I don't know. If you wanna talk a little bit about our work there yeah I mean we so there's two fields of research within artificial intelligence that they're rather new, but I think really impactful for our industry. One is fairness in m o so

and what fairness in machine learning, light learning and a deep learning so looking at everything from what data set is fed to Ann arbor them so, like the training data set

all the way to how the algorithm actually behaves on that on that data set, making sure that it it does not develop bias over the line.

Longevity of the algorithms use case. So that's one

 

area that we want to lead in and we've been working with some of the leading researchers in the industry to do that, because.

The reality is a lot of this human judgment is moving out rhythms yeah

the second issue with it moving now rhythms is algorithms. Today you can't necessarily explain the decision making criteria that they use, so they can't explain in the way that you make a decision. You explain why you make that decision, algorithms, today or not being programmed in such a way that they can even explain that you may wear in apple watch, for instance, it might tell you to stand every now and then um right now. Those algorithms can't explain why. Why they're doing that right that that's a bad example, because it does it every fit every fifteen minutes, but as we offload more and more of these

 

visions, both internally and also individually, to watches and and and two cars and one on third, there is no there's, no ability right now for that are written to actually go through and list out the criteria used to make that decision. So this is another area that we'd like to get really good at if we want to continue to be transparent, arounds our actions, because a lot of these things are just black boxes and they're being built in that way, because there's been no research into like well, how do we get these are rooms to explain what the decision is that mine has been us. My fear is your you,

it's technology that you need to build yeah, but the the public discourse is there. We we know that foreign governments are doing this. We know that democratic operatives in Alabama did this, and so I I

imagine that you know what Donald Trump I you know. He talked about an executive order for free speech on college campuses so that the chattering is is here

 

someone's going to take a sledge hammer to twitter, to Facebook, to Youtube and just be like for not understanding the technology behind it not willing to give you the benefit, but the benefits,

the doubts and just saying I don't care why you're doing it, we are mad. You know I mean don't

some bills and then it's over again clarifying. I, I think you guys are biased and I think what you're doing is dangerous, but I think that doesn't matter it doesn't matter. What

I think is right. It matters at all of these companies are doing similar things and it's and it's and it's already terrifying people.

Look when when I saw somebody got banned from their bank account, that's terrifying and paper has done this for a long time.

You know that seems like the more egregious than looking band for any social justice or social media platform that that seems and me to be

worthy of the boycott

trip a tree on issued a statement about a man. I believe his name is Robert Spencer and they said Mastercard instructed us to ban him, and you know what you don't say this to

me. Mentioning Chase Paypal, Mastercard terrifies me, I'm on the Joe Rogan Park

 

right now, calling out these big companies in defiance and we've already said. I would like to know all the specifics of why they chose to do that. I would hope that they would release some sort of a statement explaining why they chose to do that. Maybe there's something we don't know there was. There was a reporter um and I could be on the wrong side and follow it very much with big league politics who said that, after reporting on papal negatively, they banned him. That's it

fine. So, let's reporting on in what way reporting on the saga of a cod issue. No apparently is a journalist. He wrote about something bad papal did big league politics is conservative and so all of a sudden he got a notification that they can't tell them why but he's gone. So I see these big tech monopolies. I see Youtube Facebook, Twitter, I see Paypal, Mastercard and they're doing it and they all say they're doing the right thing,

but all of these little things they're doing are adding up to something nightmarish and some some

later going to show up in in a matter of time, with a sledgehammer and just he's gonna whack, your algorithm.

It's really the same stupid logic was talking about. Where you know Gavin was saying, punch people when you punch people doesn't end there.

 

Oh yeah, the one man band them banned, it doesn't end, there doesn't end there. You have to realize. Also twitter is how old, now,

eleven years old years old, thirteen years old, one thousand three hundred and thirteen years old, well, thirteen years from now. What are the odds that there's not going to be something else? Just like it? Well, pretty slim

yeah. We do it's almost like a million number. Let's, let's, let's talk about the incestuous relationship that a lot of these journalists have been defending the policies you guys push gab it was was. Was

a study was done. I talked with us last time when they found five percent of the tweets of the. I don't have to wait for the post and get more hate speech. Amanda Twitter's like two point four, so it's a marginal increase at gab is called the White Supremacy network of core.

You go on it and yeah absolutely exists. They say that synagogue

shooter, oh, he was a gap. User was a twitter user to he posted on Twitter. All the time,

why is the media is targeting it's? It's such a crazy

 

mers reality. It is active married when, when the guardian, I believe, was the daily mail called count Ganguli a criminal yeah. I saw that really made a joke on you tube and he's being he was arrested. I'm I'm! I thank God. Every day we have the first name in this country,

there's a cover of a newspaper that was hot because he got to get a job somewhere. They get you got fired for that. He got kicked off the show wow yeah this,

so you have because of trying to get it. Let me, but let me ask you know the thing you guys you guys take the advice of the southern Poverty law center. Three take the advice of like so it's it's widely, Sir

delayed Splc Lobbies, various social platforms to ban certain people they advise it's report reported you to,

as is the Anti defamation league. Do you use

in your decision making process rule development wear very

re, aware of flaws with certain of their research and we're very careful about who we take advice from. But do you take advice from them? I I think that they have certainly reached out to our team members, but they're, certainly nothing definitive

 

that we take from them. We don't take action. You never taken action based on the information received from them, so the reason I bring up specific

early is that their cited, often you know in the United

it's theirs with other groups, like hope, not hate in the UK and now they're all gonna point there. You know figured of guns at me for saying this, but this

poverty law center wrote an article

they claimed. I went to IRAN for a Holocaust deniers conference and I've never been to IRAN and their evidence. Was this guy found an archived website from a Holocaust denier with my name on it, and that was their proof and there are people who have been labeled

extremists by this organization that have been you, SAM Harris, SAM Harris was there, it was yeah, then it then they lose a a big lawsuit around. This is yes, they settling yeah, so so

then, like not not to imply that you guys do use it, but I asked specifically because it's been reported. Other organizations do so. We have

 

activist organizations we have. Journalists that I can attest are abit absolutely activists. I've worked for I work for vice. I worked for fusion. I was told it it implicitly not explicitly to lie to side with the audience as it were, I've seen in the narrative

they push and I've had conversations with people that I'm not gonna. I'm gonna keep relatively off the record journalists who

you are terrified because they said the narrative, Israel right. One journalist

particular said that he had yet evidence of you know. Essentially he had.

I believe there was wrongdoing wrongdoing, but he talks about it. He could lose his job and there there was a journalist

report to me that date in society admitted the report was was was was was incorrect.

Now you've got organizations lobbying for terminating Joe, and I because of this stuff. So this this narrative persist.

Then you see it all. The actions I mentioned before and all the organization saying we're doing the right thing and I got a

 

like we're living in it. I mean I I feel like we're. Looking at the doorway to the nightmare dystopia, I I I just want to clarify later I don't.

I don't know if we're going around saying we're we're necessarily doing the right thing, we're saying why we're doing what we're doing right right, that's what we need to get better at

and I I don't want to hide behind what we believe is like the right thing. We have to clearly rationalize why we're making decision we're making and more of that? That's that to me is the prevention from this snowflake avalanche metaphor well, but, but I think it's just

obvious. Obviously point out again. I said this before we can have the calm conversation and I can understand you, but for from

where I'm sitting you hold a vastly different ideology than I do, and you have substantially more power in controlling my government that terrifies me and what will what will make

the is that a saudi prince, a as was reported that it prints on the portion of that

company. So I'm sitting here like just a little american, can't do anything to stop it. I'm just watching

 

unaccountable machine turn away and you're just one snowflake in an avalanche. All these other companies are as well

and I'm like. Well, here we go, it's gonna be a right which is exhibit just said that saudi princes and have any influence at the, but but I might

the trust that that's the that's the issue right, I'm not I'm not trying to insinuation of your meetings and telling you what to do. But when someone dumps a billion dollars in your company, I think it's silly to to imply that they don't at least have some influence, but brick, brick

than and unlike the internet, within a company like ours. You don't necessarily see the protocol, you don't see the the the processes and

and that's an area where we can do a lot much. I I I I guess you know that could be

over the head. A million times beat the dead horse. I think ultimately yeah I get what you're doing. I think it's wrong. I think it's terrifying and I think,

looking we're we're on the avalanche already. It's happened and

we're heading down to this nightmare scenario of a future. Where a

buys me when I see people who claim to be supporting liberal ideology, burning signs that say free speech threatening violence against other people, you have these journalists to do the same thing.

 

Thank yous, everybody of being a everybody having a fascist, Joe, doesn't China issue and you're like you're, like a socialist. As far as I know, you like you, be I proponents, you know I'm on wooden this so essential, I'm very I'm being facetious, I'm very liberal and except for second amendment, that's probably the only thing that I disagree with a lot of live,

and then you see what the media says about everybody. You see how they called Jordan Peterson all day and night, all right all right on and this

it is used to strip people of their income to to remove them from public discourse. I was foolish because it in the ultimately upon examination like you're, saying that sunlight is the best disinfection absolutely and

on examination you realize that this is not true at all and that these people look foolish like the date in society article. No, no all these organizations published that is fact without looking at any data. Maybe some did, but anybody doesn't but yeah and and no no, no, no they're, still talking about millions and millions of people whose who are these people that are still citing its guardian

will clamp start yelling. Shame

 

so so there's a look foolish we now have and this man, which makes things money as we now have a guy who's, claiming that he did and this eternal of this this is a guy claiming that the

eighty one accounts listed on this thing is all right have been

you're being recommended on Youtube, and so I looked at the the the statistics for

various people. In this channel is first of all, my channel is doing great. My recommendations are way up as

yours. A lot of people are growing and I

the comparison like subscribers or abuse her up, what this guy claiming and apparently he did

big sampling of videos where he for summary

and thought you Joe Rogan, were twelve percent of all the videos in this network

and then, when the when it's data stopped working, he claims that everything stopped. So we actually produced a graph of primarily your your channel and then when the system stopped working, he published at and it was picked up by scene at and now you have people claiming the old right has been banned from from you too, and it's more face

news based off fake news based on fake news. I don't understand what you're saying so, basically there's a

 

by claiming that, because of in society, we have been stripped of recommendations.

You too, you, DR tell you one thing that is true, though we don't trend like

Alex Jones was saying like the video. We did got nine million views, but it's not trending and about

it's because my videos never trend. They just don't trend well you're,

but I think it's probably because of the language that's used. I think that's, that's part.

The issue is the subject matter in language. I think they have. They have a

bias again swearing and you know

streams, topics and subjects. If I don't, I don't think that's true, because you've had like late night tv hosts talk about really

messed up things that way. They don't swear, though, that it's not it's not a matter of and what they talk about, whether that's messed

up in comparison. What we talked about- it's probably pretty different. You know man, I'm

I'm fairly resigned to this future happening, no matter what we do about it, and so I bought a van

 

I'm gonna, convert it to its close. Well, I'm coming through a work station right, you're gonna be a prepper bro; no, no, no, no, no! No! No! No! No! Um! First of all,

I will say it's hilarious to me like that people have band AIDS, they never use, but they don't store like at least one emergency like food supply. It's like you, never use band aids. Why do you have him but uh? No,

I I I do I I see this every day it was a couple years ago I said wow, I see what's happening on social media. We're gonna see violence boom violence happened. I said it's gonna ask like someone killed him child's will happen and it's like I, I've there've been

statements from foreign security advisers, international security experts saying we're facing down high probability of civil war, and I know it sounds crazy. It's not gonna look like what you think it looks like it may not be as extreme.

Is it wasn't? Eighteen hundreds, but this was, I think I think it was in the Atlantic where they surveyed something like ten different in international security experts who said based on

what the platforms are doing, based on how the people are responding. One guy said

 

it's like ninety percent chance, but the average was really high. Well, what's what's Gluck outside of the idea of physical war and let's look at the war of information? What we're talking about what's happening with foreign entities, invading a social media platforms and trying to influence our elections in order to

see that is a war of information. That is

that war is already going on if you're looking at something like date in society, that sort of an act of war in that regard, right, right, right, information, war, an attack to light up, he has to say about their their technological opponents, and it's also one of the woman who wrote that said that it's been proven over and over again. The d platforming is an effective way to silence and then called for us to be yeah. Let's kind of lawyers, I don't think she was saying that we should be banned. Tell that she said was. I should be chances at something the fact of you too bad to take action to prevent this from you know. Well, you know

people see someone saying things that they don't agree with its very

important for people to understand where silencing people leads to, and I don't think they do. I think people

 

have these very simplistic ideologies and these very

very narrow minded perceptions of what is good and what is wrong- and I think

I've been saying this over and over again, but I think it's one of the most important things to state people need to learn to be reasonable. They need to be

learn to be reasonable and civil discourse. Civil discourse is extremely important and think over the long term. Yes,

they about understand it you're playing chess yeah. We did three hours and thirty minutes, then we know

canopy amazing, proud of all of you. We did start a little late like three fifteen, okay. Fifteen I mean

I guess the last thing I could say is. I don't think I think I had a good conversation. I think we did. I honestly, I don't think we've solved anything. I don't think

any. Do you think we could do this again like six months and see where you guys are at in terms of like what I think is important is the road to redemption. I think that would open up a lot of doors for a lot of people to appreciate

we're going to need more than six months. Do it

 

here's a scary thing that the information travels faster than you can write down as well as making the the our culture is going to fall faster than you can catch up to that problem, because there's a problem- and I don't want to be a technology- took a big leap- twitter existed, the internet existed now all talking so quickly. You can't ask

all the problem before the people get outraged by it. So why not again, I could I mean there's an early phrase on the internet by some of the earliest in in a engineers and designers, which is code, is

and a lot of a lot of what.

Companies like ours and start ups and random folks,

who are individuals who are contributing to the internet, will change parts of society and some for the positive and some for the negative and the most.

I think the most important thing that we need to do is to does it said China

punch a light on it, make sure that people know where we stand and

 

we're trying to go and what bridges we might need to build from our current state to the future state and

and be open about the fact that, like we're not going to- and this is to your other point- we're not gonna get to get to a perfect answer it it's it's. It's just to be steps and steps and steps in step

in the first. What we need to build his agility. What we need to build is an ability to experiment very, very quickly and take in all these feedback loop. So we get some feedbacks loops like this. Some within the numbers of self in internet integrate the much faster what's wrong with the with the

jury system on Twitter. Why wouldn't that work? I don't know why. I want to work, I'm not saying we want to test that. Like

testing is our scope and I don't have a reason, a compelling reason why we want to do it within twitter either. I don't so we

likely will, but you know again, we were coming.

 

I so many resources, finite resources is finite people and we need to prioritize and we've decided. You may disagree with us to see,

but we decided that physical safety and the admission of off platform ramifications is critical for us and we need to be able to be a lot more proactive in our enforcement, which will lead to stronger answers and we want. We want to focus on the physical safety S.

Doc. Singh is a perfect example that has patterns that are recognizable in there. We can move on. I I hear it and

I just feel, like you know, the conclusion I can come from the conversation is you're going to do what you think needs to be done. I think what you're doing is wrong and ultimately, just nothing

change. I get it. You're gonna you're gonna try, new technologies are gonna to try and new systems. From

from where I see it, I think you have an ideology, diametrically opposed to mine. I mean not to an extreme degree. I think they're people who are more like I'm, not conservative there, a lot of people who are who are

 

probably think you know I'll, say this to your a symbol for a lot of them, and so I can definitely respect you having a conversation. There are so many different companies that do things that piss people off

you sitting right now. I'm sure there's a ton of conservatives who are pointing all of the

thank you because you are here, but you know ultimately I just feel like. I don't think it is a change. I think you're on your past. You know what you need to do and you try to just

if it and I'm looking at what twitter is doing as very wrong and it's it's it's oppressive and ideologically driven

and I'm trying to justify why you shouldn't do it, but nothing's gonna, going to change mine. My intention

is to build a platform that gives as many people as possible option it freely express themselves, and some people believe that, yes, it is, are you done that and twitter is

going against what the US has developed over hundreds but you're, not a citizen. The as as well have a plot man. United States doesn't have a platform to do that. Twitter. Is it when you

talking about the internet, the United States, if they want to come up with the United States Twitter, like a

 

Lucien on alternative that the government runs and they use it use free speech to govern that. Good luck! Good luck with that! One

to challenge, and also I recognize not just you know almost insurmountable- I mean the

the dummies that are in charge of the the United States government. This is why I said regulation to is scary yeah. You know it is okay because legends terrible idea, but so, but you know I I

it's important point out too- that a lot of people don't realize you guys have to contend with profits. You have to be able to make money to pay your staff there's. No for, like you'll, get free money to run your company. So, aside from the fact that you have ever,

I just wanna be in the platform. I I imagine. A lot of these companies are forcing hate speech policies because advertisers to want to be associated with certain things, so that creates you know through advertisement, cultural restrictions.

That's one hundred percent the problem right, one hundred percent the problem. With most these platforms, including you too, absolutely yeah- I mean when

Petey Pie thing happened in all of these. You know. Restrictions came down on on

 

fertilizing and content creators, that's where it comes from it all comes from from money. It's why I just to be clear. Those can be segmented

as well. You guys advertisers can choose where they want to where they want to be placed. Certainly, but the platform recognizes there's

a huge blow back and they're losing money. I mean look at the Paedo scandals just happen on Youtube. It was people posting comments with timestamps. They want you for breaking the rules and

I pull up the platform and you didn't realize because they were breaking the rules. They're just creepy dudes, so people

also they were

in comments and so one of most preposterous responses to that was that content

there's going to be responsible for their comments. Well, they do within off. Well. The problem

people like me is that I put out a lot of content

 

and there's millions of views and it's impossible to moderate all well Cont the the damage and we don't moderate them at all, but you two band only on because of minors, so they they deleted all comments,

videos with mine videos where they see you,

but you know I'm saying if you put a Youtube tube video on you, have a bunch of people that say a bunch of racist things. In your Youtube comments, you could be held

possible and get a fuck. No, no! No! No! You do clarified that they clarify that went

the recently. They said the afterwards, but the first initial statement was that you were going to responsible for your comments and I say,

but only Michael, like Philip Defranco on a lot of people freaked out and then they qualify, then we, but so they're they're

I bring it up. Is just because there's gonna be things

even if you said major advertisers from you look you know I I pointed out. I think the the Democrats are in a really dangerous position, because outrage culture, although it exists in all factions, is predominantly on

 

one faction, and so when Trump comes out and says something really offensive, you know grab him by the you know. I'm talking about the Trump supporters laugh they bought t shirts. That said it the people on the left, the democrat types they got angry.

So what happens now you see Bernie Sanders he's being dragged. The media is looking for blood and they're, desperate they're, laying people off they're dying and they will do whatever it takes to get. Those clicks. There's, like you know, does that have to do with twitter, though

it has to do with the fact that someone's going to find something on your platform and they're gonna, call of your advertiser and say look what what is doing and you're gonna be like a. We had no idea and the two bad canceled, all ads your money's right up and so that there is a

recognize twitter recognize Twitter face because of the platforms are worried. Money has to come from somewhere pay people,

so you also have to realize you've got the press that salivating looking for that use the store where they can accuse you of wrongdoing because of getting clicks, they'll make money, and that means, even though Youtube did nothing wrong. With these comments, it was just a creepy group of people who didn't break the rules of figure out how to manipulate the system. You too, eight, like you, do. We have had to take that. Take that one that has pulled out, you

 

lost money, so you did then panics sledgehammers comments, just wipe them out that that happen. Anybody

right we're in a really dangerous time with phone, also in their defense, so they have to deal with that. I mean they have a bunch of PETA files. That are posting comments, not sure I mean that what do you do about that? Would you know I I, when I was in higher millions of people to moderate every single video that's put on you to

which is almost impossible? The point I'm trying to break bring up is that even if Twitter

wanted to say you know what we're gonna to free speech, what happens advertise on later, even if you segment it they're gonna, be threatened by it and so the restrictions

I come from weather now you can make money doing it. I don't know about that. I don't know I. I think that that is changing and I think that is changing primarily because the internet, if you look at what was x

the in terms of people

discussing that would get advertisement, it was network

television standards. Now, that's changing!

There's good! There's gonna be there's ads on a lot of yeah. Yes, that I put out that have pretty extreme content. It's because

 

tires are changing their perspective. Do you? I don't think so their shift,

one hundred percent shifting! That's why this

CASS has ads sure sure

I mean I don't think it's to the point where everyone's lost all ads. But look you think George Carlin George be allowed to do his bit today. Yes, no way now,

my man is right. You would be able to do it. Listen there's stuff like

that on Netflix specials that are out right now. Things are changing. It's just

in the process of this transformation.

People are understanding that, because of the internet. First, if you look

late night conversations how about cold,

they're saying that President Trump has Putin's Dick in his mouth, how about him saying that on television? Do you really

think that would have been done ten years ago? It would have been

two years ago, twenty impossible, not possible. You do

are changing because of the internet, so things that were impossible to say on network television just ten years ago you can have it Kevin Hart lost his

 

Oscar hosting gig, because otherwise, last ten years ago, right, but do you know why he lost he lost it, because people were complaining because people who are activist were complaining that he had said some homophobic things and they do it every day had subsequently apologize for, but

for the average that count count Dankula.

Okay, look. You were to discuss this. I know I'm with you and I understand what you said. I was on a Canadian, but I am a committee

and I understand where things are going. The

the demise of free speech is greatly exaggerated. That's what I'm saying

I'm saying: there's a lot of people out there that are complaining, but the

Adam is not necessarily that there's so many people are complaining complaining the problems that people are reacting to those complaints cry. The vast majority of the population is recognizing that there is an evolution of free speech, that's occurring in our culture in all cultures around the world, but this is a slow process that, when you're in the middle of it, it's almost like evolution. Well here in the middle of it, you don't think anything is happening, but it's fucking happening also. I agree with you. I agree with you that the majority of people are like that's funny. I don't care,

 

but the minority is kind of dictating things right now for now, not even

dictating things they're just making a lot of lawyers and that that noise is having an effect. That's what day

in society was an attempt at right. I don't think it was effective. That's why we're still here we're talking right now. It was one attack,

but I mean looks like many of them and is hundreds of articles that are written about all sorts

things that are inaccurate or love me, and some people have been eating it about. I get counts and some apples and kicked in the in the in the this is why it's important have this conversation right conversations like that. Also so here's all say I just I cross my fingers and I wait for when you implement blocked and allergy bro well

Van is going to be a mobile production studios. I can travel around when things are

a lot of water,

great more than just band AIDS in a shower in it.

It's gonna be like another computer and monitors and I'm gonna be able to do video, so I can travel around when everything is happening, but I straight this up. I want to see the blockchain verse

Twitter, where it said exists. That's what I want to see

 

happen, whether we like it or not. Um vigil any last thoughts I just want to. Thank you. Jos has been great and TIM thanks for your feedback, you were always listening and I've learned a lot.

Thank you. I really appreciate you guys. Thank you jack. Thank you. The last things I think we've said all

the folks, no Morir beatings, good night, everybody. Thank you,

everyone for tuning into the show and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to butcher box folks. If you're looking for good meat, this is a way to go unless you're looking for different kinds of you know they don't have that, but they have

one hundred percent grass FED and finished beef free range, organic chicken and heritage breed pork shipped directly to your door, delivered free

free shipping anywhere in the lower forty eight. You can get twenty bucks off plus free ground beef for life. That's two of free one hundred percent grass FED ground beef in

every order for the lifetime of your subscription, go to butcher box, dot com, click on the

 

banner and entered the discount code. Rogan at checkout stay

que you also to the cash app. Ladies and gentlemen, the number one app and finance for a fucking very good reason, and it provides you with the

cash card download the app store down

the cash app brother from the app store or the Google play market order. Your cash card today

make sure when you download the cash app you enter the referral code, Joe Rogan, all one word: five dollars will go to you that

five three dollars and better yet five dollars will go to help our

friend Justin Brands, fight for the forgotten charity, helping to build wells for the pygmies in the Congo.

And last but not least, we are brought to you by the host of Joe Rogan dot com square space. Your

answer, you

no question: how do I make a website? I got your answer: mother fucker it's square space and you can try it for free what free bitch go to squarespace dot com, slash joke

 

for a free trial, then, when you're ready to launch use the offer code, Joe to save ten percent off your first purchase of a website

right for domain, you can't go wrong. It's the reason why Joe Rogan

dot com is hosted there. It's easy to create a beautiful website, free, insecure

hosting built in

search engine optimization and twenty four slash: seven award winning customer support, squarespace dot com, Slash Joe for a free trial again

is the offer code Joe and you will save ten percent off your first purchase of a website or domain all right. So I hope,

but was happy with that episode. Well, that's not possible right. Imagine if everybody was happy with an episode, not possible, but I hope more of you got

your questions answered and your issues addressed,

and I just want to let you folks know all of you that I appreciate you even the most critical.

This is a very you know, just doing something like this podcast is it's

 

not the same as starting so

like twitter, but it is in that I didn't expect it to become what it came

and along the way there are hiccups and learning experiences

and moments where I have to assess and readjust and go back and do it again and that's what I did with this podcast and I hope we did it effectively and weird.

Have them on again will have again in the future and we'll figure out there's more to be done. Okay, thank you to you all.

Much love, bye, bye, big, kiss.

Hello friends,

on ten September. Twenty nine the date has moved tickets are now on. Sale

we'll be on sale, at least as the time. I'm writing this. It is right now September, the sixth on the morning, at ten, a m of the seventh taken to be honest,

for the Scotia bank arena, we were surprised me.

We go Colosseum there's a strike. They moved into the Scotia bank arena, everybody who bought tickets for the Regal Colosseum has been refunded, and this goes

bank arena is the new venue, but there's more than a thousand new tickets that are for sale now so they'll be available, as of the seventh September said,

the ten, a M local time at Joe Rogan dot com? This episode, podcast, is brought to you by on it on it is a total human

Optimization website we are committed to

Fighting you with the information, the inspiration and the tools to get your shit together. What is it

What does it mean? Get your shit together I mean get your body to perform at its best physically, through views of strength

 

and conditioning equipment healthy,

acts and supplements and even mentally get your shit together mentally and a big part of what on it is his are on academy. If you go to the

academy link, you are taken to a section

the website that has hundreds of articles on strengthened

conditioning routines and action

as physiology nutrition, different.

The diets motivational and in

spur rational articles, Q and age with fascinating people and

it's really embodies the philosophy behind on it. We're on just trying to do our best. Get our shit together, keep it pump in baby

We have a full line again strength and additional equipment battle, ropes,

Steel maces kettlebells things along those lines and healthy snack,

like our warrior: Buff

bars or elk bars. We have some fantastic protein bars. Protein bites, there's a shit, all kinds,

 

some stuff, the best that we could possibly sell you. If you

on dot com used. The code word Rogan and you will save ten percent off any and all supplements

were also brought to you by the mother Fucker

cash out. What was the cash Abdul Rahman? The cash ab is the

number one up in finance because it changes how people interact with their catch, fish it

as features that you can only get from a bank and a few more that you can't get from bank like the cash card boosts and Bitcoin the cat,

A card is a customize,

for free debit card. That

can use and stores or eighty aims and its linked to your cash at bounds.

if it were checking account and even let you drive

deposit your paycheck right into the app? So if you're looking for

an alternative to traditional banking day. You go and do not allow

millions of Americans Verde start using the cash carp and the casket

comes with a sweet rewards.

 

program called boosts and boost lets you get,

instant discounts every single time, we swipe your cash carter, coffee shops, Chapeau, lay shake shack.

beyond just tap a boost in the app and you pay with your cash card cat

as is also the most convenient and inexpensive way to buy, sell and withdraw Bitcoin. Ah, it's fuckin sweet people

it's a sweet application and you

download it for free and even better than that when

who do down, though the cash for free in the app store or the Google play market

use the reward code, Joe Rogan, all one word: you will receive five dollars and the cash

I will send five dollars to our good friend, just in Rennes fight for the future,

charity were there,

building wells for the pig meat in the Congo and we're very

 

these two now we ve already built to wells and raise thousands of dollars to build more wells, were in the process of doing that right now, so download it for free

and enjoy, and last

but not least, we are brought to you by athletic greens. Athletic greens is

the best all in one whole food supplement that you're going to find its most complete. Whole food supplement, develop overtake

years by doctors, nutritionists, Natur, Pats available with seventy five whole food source ingredients, and they got you covered in five.

he's of health, all this could be better explained. If you go to the athletic greens website, but one

ghettos one scoop. Has he any

accident, equivalent of twelve servings of fruits and vegetables, and it doesn't taste

lawn trimmings, athletic greens replaced

a fistful of supplements. You might be taken right now and adds critical nutritional support that you now need. Just like you. I never know what the fuck.

 

What's going on during my day, so I carry these. These travel packets with me

and they give you a sweet deal here. Ladies and gentlemen, there is a sweet deal for listeners. The given you twelve,

free travel packs valued at ninety nine dollars. Would you first purchase so

to a daily routine. With athletic greens, I'm telling you it's just carrying these things around with you having them whenever you

eating somewhere? Whenever you just

having one on you all the time? Let's you know that you're gonna get nutrition where

ordinarily, probably wouldn't get into a good daily routine.

Athletic greens these gentlemen, I cannot stress enough. It's very important jumper,

or to athletic Greenstein comfort, Slash, Rogan and claim your special offer today. That's athletic greens, dot com, Ford, Slash Rogan, go get some

again? It carries fucking things at all times. It just makes it

easier to stay healthy. That's why,

important to me just the most.

 

can do little edgier little edge there. That's what I'm looking for and athletic greens

helps you out in that regard and boom.

My guest today is one of the most requested, guess

time with good reason, he's one of the most important and just

unusual figures in human history? I think the guy's, a fuckin wizard, give it up for you

Ask the job will gain experience. My students, man, will appreciate it. They welcome braided meet. You asked me to think you're, not like misplaced on far you're welcome

later. How does one? Just in the middle of doing all the things you do create cars brackets artists

 

if you're doing constantly innovating decides is make fine. Thrower would have time for that. Well, the famous Edwin, but wouldn't put a lot of time at the flames.

The hunters with an off the cuff thing and I'm sorry I'll, throw like it's sort of a sort of a hobby company, the boring company, which started out as a joke

and we decided make real and and dig a tunnel duelli and then dig

Then people other people ass, a civic tunnels, and so we said yes and a few cases.

Darwin and then, and then we have a merchant dissection. That only has one

piece of merchandise. At a time when we sorrow for the cap,

and there was only one thing on it: we're just boring companies come slash, cap or hat. That's it.

 

and then we solve the hat Sliver Limited edition it. You said the boring company and then I'm gonna, Spaceball movie and in space balls.

Yogurt goes through the merchandising section and they have a flame fur.

And the merchandise extraction of space balls, and it like the kids love that one line when it pulls up laborers like fainter

So we does anybody tell you know: does anybody go Ilan, maybe for yourself but selling a flame throughout the liabilities? Although people you're selling this device to what kind of unhinged people can be bought,

inflamed or in the first place, to really want to connect ourselves. Tell these potential arsonists gets terms

idea, animal by what I said don't buy

 

a splinter, don't

That's what I said at the snow people

it is another thing I can do to stop them. It's eve I did, I would come, I said, don't buy it, it's a bad idea, how many

It's wrong, don't buy it still view about it. I couldn't stop them. How did you make twenty thousand and they're all gone in three? I think for days they sold out in four days

think for days. That's all that in four days are you gonna? Do of another run? No, now is it? Yes, I said: would you twenty that we did fifty thousand, but you haven't hats at and, and there was a million dollars workable, we'll sell something and for ten million- and that was twenty thousand vampires at five hundred dollars,

 

They went fast there. How do you have to take the time to do that, though? I mean, I understand that it's not a big deal in terms of all.

The things you do, but how do you have time to do anything? I just don't understand your time management skills. I mean a dense, spend much time on this flame. Through I mean three totally frank: it's actually just a roofing torch, what an arrival cover

not a real flamed her, which is why it is not a flame through. That's why we were very clear. This is not actually a slander and and- and it also told that various countries would would ban shipping of it, but they would not. There would ban flame throws, so we very to solve this problem before or the customs agencies we label did not have time for their work.

effective. I don't know, I think so. Yes all far yes now, but you dream that you cannot, Sir proclaimed her, but you do

 

how many different things forget about the flame through, like

you do all the others.

How are you are you? How does one decide to fix Ella traffic by drew

the holes in the ground and who do you even approach with that like when you have this idea? Could you talked about that

nothing can be successful or not so like asserting, that's gonna be successful, but so far.

I've lived in allay for sixteen years and the traffic is always been terrible, and so I don't see any other like ideas for improving the traffic, so in desperation we're going to take a tunnel and maybe that tunnel be successful, and maybe it won't.

Listen, I'm not trying to convince you gonna work and are the people get your anyone, but

 

you are starting this, that this is actually a project you're starting to implement right yeah. No, if we ve Doug about a mile long take longer,

walk it yeah. Now, when you do in this, would it what is the ultimate plan? The altar plans have these in major cities in any where this mass congestion and just try to know a first year at its its nl, because

I mostly live in early. That's the reason is a terrible place to dig tunnels born of the workplace, Dick tunnels, because the does most because the people were your think. It's like what about seismic us like. Actually both tunnels are very safe and earthquakes. Why's that

Earthquakes up, earthquakes are essentially have surface phenomenon. It's like

waves on the ocean. So if you, if there's a storm, you wanna be on that on a submarine

 

A ring of tunnels like being a submarine now away. The Taos construct is constructed out of these interlocking segments. Kind of like a snake, is sort of like a snake exoskeleton with doubles,

the US, and so even when the ground moves, the its able to the tunnel actually is able to shift along with the ground like an underground snake and it doesnt crack or break or or an and its extremely unlikely that both seals would be broken at its is capable of taking five atmospheres pressure, its waterproof methane proof, more gas proof of any kind.

and and meets all California seismic requirements. So when you have this idea, who'd you to military means,

 

but when you hear your implementing at sea digging holds the groundwater have to bring someone that lets you do it. Yes, oh they were there

some engineers from space sex who were you thought would be called to do this and the guy rented, like they, today's Steep Davis, his long time space ex engineer he's great so Steve, like I'd like to help make this happen a cool, so we started off with dig a hole in the ground. Scott, like up

permit for a pit, make pit and dynamic pet, and you have to tell them what the pits for you to say, hey Woods, one de Gaulle: they split this form as it yeah. I was putting our parking lot.

 

And what do you have to give them some sort of blueprint for your ultimate idea and they have to prove it like hers? I work now. I just started off with a pit Atlantic pit, and that is not really a. You know. They're really.

Care about the existential nature of a pit. He just say like I want it, but right now and so on the ground so in red payment for the pit, and we dug the pit in we dug in three days to three days. Actually too,

there is good cause. Aircars said he was coined by for the hype too, he's gonna tender, happily competition, which, like a student competition, we have four who can make the fastest pardon the Khyber Loop and

He was coming, this was get the files are gonna be on Sunday afternoon, and so a web access conveyance on avenues linking up with

it has put and then like shark

 

So we dislike Friday morning

and then yes, those Butler forty. Four years later, we dug the pit there's like when twenty four seven twenty four put them. What putty straight out, something like that and Douglas Big PET and and and we're like, should Erik the pit of essential to pit

but hey, it's a whole grounds, better, no home ground, and would you tell me

this parliament you so this is the recurring of this idea. Yes, we're gonna build tunnels under l aid to help funnel traffic better and their girl

and they just coca that without we

we ve joked round about this in the park as before, to like one of the poorest.

You can go to the beach.

The run the city go here when Dixon Poles on the ground,

put some tunnels in there in Nagoya. Ok, I know other home ground, but it's

Building on the ground will time, but by making my question

like. I know how much time you must be spending on you, Teslas

 

factory. I know how much time you must be spending on space Ex engaged

I have time to dig holes under the ground,

in a way and come up with these ideas and then implement MIKE I'm going.

It is I'm sure

it isn't a shortage of that

I don't know how you manage your time. I don't understand it didn't seem it doesnt work.

seemed humanly possible. You know do best. I think we'll

don't you totally understand what I do with my time? They think like him,

business guy, or something like that. Like my Wikipedia page, says business magnet. What would you call yourself a businessman?

it is not please why Wikipedia page to magnet

The right now he's already Jane is locked, so

nobody has been able to unlock it and traded to magnet somebody get. What are you a magnet,

doing, engineering and manufacturing in that kind of thing. The sick. Eighty percent more more of my time,

 

ideas and then implementation of those ideas does like hardcore engineering, designing things right: structural, mechanical electrical software user interface,

Engineering airspace engineering, but you must understand, is not a whole lot of human beings. Like you, you know that right.

dear an odyssey aims, yes to chimps. Like me, we're all chimps

yet we are not so much about Europe. Some of us.

The more confused when I watch

you do and all these things are like. How does this motherfucker have? All

time

all this energy and all these ideas, and then

but just let him do these things, because I'm an alien. That's what I've speculated that, I'm on record saying this in the past. I wonder.

it struck me. If there was one I was like the was like, maybe an intelligent being that we created in some way. I creature that's a superior to pay.

 

Maybe I'll just hang around with us further, while a cuban doing and then six months, shit, that's away.

I might have a son mutation or something like that. You might do think you do. Probably do you wonder

likely around normal people? You, let him think, what's up with these borne down motherfuckers ever not bad for a human, but I think it will not

able to hold a candle to ai? You scared the shit out of me when you, but between you and SAM Harris

consider until at a podcast with SAM once again, maybe

my pants,

talking about a I realize like. Oh, this is a genie that once to have the bottle, you never get it back in that's true.

There was a video that you tweeted about

one of those Boston, dynamic, robots like in the future. It will be

 

so fast? You can't see without strobe light yeah equality that right now,

and no one really paying it

too much other than people like. You were people that are really obsessive technology. Are these things and

happening in these robots are

Did you see the one where it be Peter?

a statement you shouldn't kick robots wise for retribution that their memories, but good

bet. It's really good really good about. It is yes and getting better every day. Really. Are you honestly legitimately concerned about this? Are you the is like a I

one of your main worries in regard to the future.

Yes, it is less of a worry than it used to be mostly due to taking more fatalists attitude.

So you used to have more hope and you

 

gave up some of it, and now you don't worry as much about ay. I like this is just what it is pretty much whether or not it is it, but now it's not necessarily bad. It's just

Stephanie Gonna be outside of human control, not necessarily bad right. It's not it's. Not necessarily bad is just it's just outside of human control that the thing that's gonna be tricky here is that,

it's going to be very tempting to use a eyes a weapon. We re attempting in fact will be used as a weapon, so the b B, the honor amp too serious a I, the danger is

can it be more humans using it against each other? I think most likely that'll be the danger.

 

How far do you think we are from something that can make its own mind up, whether not something's ethically a morally correct or whether or not it wants to do something or whether or not it wants to improve itself? Whether or not it wants to protect itself from p

or from other how far away we sent from something really truly sentient. Well, I mean you can argue that any group of people

 

like a company is essentially a sigh cybernetic, collective of people and machines. That's what a company is, and then there are different, this different levels of complexity. In the way these companies are formed, and then there are sort of business like a collective, a high in in the Google sort of search Google search in about where we are also a plug. Dynastic, like notes on the network like leaves on a big tree, often involve real feeling this network with questions and answers. Rural collectively programming be, I am, and Google plus the older humans they connect to. It are one giant,

 

seven eight collective. This is also true of Facebook and Twitter and Instagram, and all these social networks, the giants, I've, never collectors, humans and electronics, all interfacing and constantly now constantly connected. Yes constantly,

One thing that I have been thinking about a lot over the last few years is that one of the things

drives a lot of people crazies. How how many people are obsessed

materialism and getting the latest greatest thing

and I wonder how much that is

lot of. It is most certainly fuelling technology and innovation.

It almost seems like its built into us, take what we

like what we want to

feeling this thing? That's costly around us all the time and it doesn't,

impossible. The people going to pump the breaks it doesnt seem possible at this stage or content.

Spending knew a cell phone latest Tesla update the newest macbook.

 

Probably everything has to be newer and better and

it's going to lead to some incredible point

It seems like is built into us. It almost seems like

gets in instinct that we were

working towards this. That we'd like it is our job.

Just like the ants build the anthill our job.

This is some hundred fuel. This, yes, we're, may this current some some years ago, but it feels like we are the biological bootloader for I actively we are building it and then we're building progressively greater and intelligence and the percentage of intelligence that has not human is increasing and eventually

 

We will represent a very small percentage of intelligence, but the eye is informed strangely by the human limerick system, and it is in large part, our id writ large power. So we mention all those things. The sort of primal drives us all, all things that we like and hate and fear there all there on the internet. There are projection of olympic system.

I know it makes sense in the thinking of it as a anything of thing, of course.

 

Relations, and just thinking of? Does human beings communicating online through social media networks as some sort of an organism? That's a it's. A cyborg took its combination,

the combination of electronics and biology-

this in itself is a measure that is to the success of these on line systems is the is a sort of a function of of how much Limerick residents their able to achieve with people the more limerick residents, the morn gauge meant.

Whereas, like one of the reasons why I probably Instagram miss more enticing than twitter alembic residents here yet.

more images, more video s tweaking your system, more yes,

Do you worry about war, wonder in fact about what the next step is a lot of you

 

and see twitter coming that communicate with a hundred forty characters or two hundred eighty now would be a thing that people would be interested in like it's gonna excel. It's gonna become more connected to us right.

Yes, things are getting more connected there at this point constrained by bad with our input. Output is slow, but tickly output. I forgot was with thumbs and we just have to put up with one thousand and ten fingers. Now we have thumbs

But images artists are also other a wave communicating at high bandwidth, take pictures and you sent pictures people what sense. That's that communicates far more information than you,

communicate your thumbs. So what happened with you or you decided or will you be took on a more fatalist, accounted like? What

 

was there any specific thing or was it just the inevitability of our future? I try to convince people to slow down slow down ai, to regulate.

This was futile. I tried for years to see nobody lean in a movie robots. Fuck you take over you're freaking me out. Nobody listened nobody list, no one,

people more inclined to listen today, it seems like an issue that brought up more.

And over the last few years, then it was. Maybe five

years ago it seemed like science fiction, maybe they will so far they haven't. I think we would all like, then only the way that regulations work very slow, whistler indeed,.

 

So usually will be something new technology to cause damage or death. There will be an outcry. They'll be investigation years will pass. There will be some sort of insight.

committee they will be rule making. Then there will be over site actually regulations. This all takes many years. This is the normal course of things. If you look at say what a motive regulations, how long did it take for seatbelts to be too, if implemented, to be required of the auto industry, Fort seat belts, I think, for more than a decade, successfully fought any regulations on seat belts, even though the numbers are extremely obvious. If you had a seat, belts on you'd be far less likely to die or be certainly entered unequivocal.

 

And the industry for this or yours successfully mentally after many many people died, regulators insisted on did belts. This is it. This time frame is not relevant to a high. You can't take ten years from the point which is dangerous, so late.

And you feel like this is done

gave away, or years away from being too late,

you have this fatalistic attitude and you feel

it's going, wherein almost a good doomsday countdown, isn't necessarily a damn doomsday count on its its

out of control countdown how to control their. We will call the singularity- and that's that's preliminary thing about it. Is it's a singular it's hard to predict like a black hole? What what happens past?

 

event horizon right, so once its implemented its very difficult it it. What do you it's of bottle, but I'm gonna happen and it will be

Improve itself brought: yes, that's where get spooky right.

The idea that it can do thousands of years of innovation, we're very very quickly and then will be just ridiculous were taken

We will be like this ridiculous by

logical, shitting, pissing thing trying to stop the gods now stop

like we like living with a finite lifespan and watch in Normandy

call paintings, it could be terrible and it could be great- it's not clear right, but what one thing is for sure we will not control,

do you think that it's likely that we will merge somehow or another, with this sort of technology

 

augment what we are now or do you think it was replace us? Well, that's

the snark that they be merged scenario with a sigh is the one that seems like probably the best for us. Yes like if you, if you can't beat it, join it. That's here.

So, from a long term, existential standpoint, that's like the purpose of neural link is to create a high bandwidth in her face to the brain such that we can be somatic with an eye because we have a band with problem. These can

 

communicate through, Ngos is too slow and, whereas neural link at right now, I think we'll have something interesting to announce in a few months. That's at least an order of magnitude better than anything else pipe any better.

Probably few anyone thinks as possible. How much can talk about that right now?

jump the gun on that, but what's like the ultimate, what's what

the idea behind equity trying to accomplish with it. What would you like

this case, an area. I think this is an area we have had to emerge with a sigh where we s serves as a tertiary cognition where, where we ve got limerick system can be a primitive brain, essentially

 

got be cortex suit, you currently Anna symbiotic relationship with your cortex olympic system organism, our relationship and generally people like their cortex, and they like the olympic system. I haven't met anyone who wants to delete the olympic system or delete their cortex Aris himself like both and the cortex is mostly in service to olympic system. You may think that, but that there that the thinking part of themselves is in charge, but it's mostly their alembic system, that's in charge and the cortex is trying to make the olympic system happy. That's what most of that computing power is aren't towards. How can I make the olympic system happy now if we do have a third layer, which is the extension of yourself? That is also symbiotic Anders enough band with between the cortex and the air

 

extension of yourself such that the aid doesn't de facto separate. Then that could be a good outcome. That could be quite a positive outcome for the future. So, instead of replacing us, it will radically change our capabilities. Yes, it will be all

Anyone who wants to have super human cognition.

 

Anyone who wants this is not a matter of earning power, because your earning power would be vastly greater after you do it. So it's just like anyone who once can just do it. In theory, ass, the theory and- and if that's the case then and lets say billions of people do it, then the outcome for humanity will be the sum of the of human will, the sum of billions

people's desire for the future, and that that billions of people with enhanced cognitive ability radically enhance yes and that which would be about how much different than people today of you. If you had it, explain it

to a person who didn't really understand what you're saying how much different EU talking about when you say rather

we improve. What do you mean.

 

You mean mine, red, wondering Domingo, every difficulty to really appreciate the difference,

like how much smarter are you with a phone or computer than without its your vastly smaller actually

you know you can answer any question tribute disconnect arab answer, any question premature instantly and calculation that your phones memory is essentially perfect. You can remember flawlessly of of phone. Your phone can remember videos pictures I ever

thing perfectly: that's the that your phone is already an extension of you, your already cyborg you Donovan.

What's will arise. There are already a cycle it that phone is an extension of yourself. It's just that the data rate, the rate at which,

 

the communication rate between you and the cybernetic extension of yourself, that is, your phone and computer, is slow, very slow and and that that is like a tiny straw of of information flow between your biological self and your digital self, and we need to make the tiny straw dry. It roerer huge, high bound with interface interface problem. They re problem solved,

It is a problem that I think I think we hang onto human machine symbiosis through the long term, and then people may decide that they want to retain their biological self or not. I think they're. Probably,

 

he's retainable biological self verses, some sort of Ray Kurzweil scenario where they download themselves into a computer. You will be

actually snapshot it into a computer and times your biologic self dies. You could probably upload into new unit three percent whisky, we're going crazy,

ridiculous. Radical greatness of her commitment to this issue. Freaky

see. If I was thinking I long time by the way, I believe you first talking.

Cheers by were just as a great whisky. Thank you. No one's came from her brother sectors can remember. Someone gave us old camp. Whoever does thanks

good. This is just an amicable again going back to you when you decided to be have of this fatal listing viewpoint, so you weren't, you tried to warn people. You talked about this plague sensibly.

I've read several interviews, we talked about this and then

 

he just certainly said. Ok, just is not just an you in a way your by communicating

Sophia mean for sure, you're you're, getting the warning out to some people, yeah yeah. I mean I've out really going on the warning. Quite quite a lot of warning everyone. I could.

your mouth Obama and just for one reason like does what about a yes and what did he say so? What about Hilary whereby her first he listened? He suddenly listened with Congress I met with. I was at a meeting of all fifty governors and talk about just it a danger and thought. I want a good.

 

I want to seem to realize where this was going. Is it that or do they just as soon as someone smarter than them is already taken care of it cuz it wouldn't

here, but something like a I've. It's almost abstract. It's almost its

was like it, so it so hard

wrap your head around by the time it only happens, it'll be too late. You think they can quite understand at Org and think it was near term or not sure what to do about it, and I should like an obvious thing to do- is to just establish committee gum in committee to gain incite before before you oversight before you do make regulations loose, looked her understand what's going on, and then you have it in sight committee than the ones they learn. What's goin on good speed,

 

then they can make. Maybe some rules for proposed some rules and- and that would be probably a safer way to go about things at seems a means, and I know that is probably something that the government's posed to handle, but it seems

I wouldn't want to. I don't want the government to handle this.

what I want you to handle. Oh geez,

like you're, the one who can ring the bell better, because if, if my pants

let's talk about amulet shut up, it's.

I think I come has no its target

There was a random how to regulate other companies, especially at bay

but maybe companies get a great, maybe getting

could be some sort of a is that we have a good.

events, where are you nuts was to dump toxic waste into the ocean you're not supposed to do certain things that could be terribly

damaging, even though there be profitable, maybe

is one of those things we should realize that you can't hit the switch on something that's going to be able to think for itself and make up its own

 

As to whether or not it wants to survive or not, and whether now thinks you're a threat it, whether I thing

you're, useless like why do I keep this dumb finite life

form alive. Why? Why

This thing around it just stupid, it just keeps polluting everything should ever work goes lighting areas.

iron shooting each other, while Turkey, too stupid thing alive lot some

it makes good music. Now sometimes it makes

movies. Sometimes it makes beautiful art and sometimes you know, some

I'm schooled, hang out with

I gave my lows reason for us those great reasons but framing objectives.

any outside this definitely flawed system does like if you

The jungle in you watch is chimps engage in warfare.

Each of us have started with edicts. Their fuckin really mean what mean the roaming aside Chimpanzee authority relaxing does anything like oil cow. What will lose recalled chimpanzee

whom isn't exactly Henry yeah yeah gonna get documentary I like

 

damn these transfer mean they're mean their cruel, the other their calculated

yeah. They sneak up on each other and rise. Chimps did calculated. Cruelty now has pretty left that meeting and gave orders

It's dark right where we know better because we have advanced, but if we hadn't we'd Billig.

wanna fuck and live in house the Champ ways, brow chip ways to go

is it man, Chimp life,

so I want to fight now, but we

in a way to the a. I might be like those jumps like these stupid

large and missiles out of drones and she

each other underwater like were crazy, get tore, torpedoes

submarines. Fuckin airplanes drop

nuclear bombs, indiscriminately on cities or Assholes

They might go. Why are they doing this? It might like,

 

look at our politics look at what we do.

In terms of our food system, but what kind of food we.

Forest damages throats

go. There's these people crazy new, look out for themselves, make how much do we think about chimps, not much very little. Take these chimps are at war. These, like look like groups, are chimps just attack each other. They kill each other

torture is pretty bad behind monkeys there like this is private most that,

You know I mean it was less aid or rightums. Let me there all the time

you have talked about or Slovakia like asked. Did you say

let's change, every people are left and right now

cancer obsessed. I saw that David Attenborough Documentary on Chancellor Eat knows call bus, monkeys and riven by heart.

 

many many years ago, and she screamed to how if I go oh, this is why we were so crazy. We came from that thing. Yet exactly

now or in the hollow both yeah beggar, like better philosophy, yeah Gaelic Swingers, they really are there.

They seem to be way more, even than us way more civilised Ahijah, simply

resolve. Everything was sacked the only rules they have as the mom, more Bang son. That's, ok!

my brain, your sons, their good women, yeah, good women,

the noble community. Everything else is back in and out.

haven't seen the bonobo movie while there

 

Durban, just at a zoo of bonobos at the zoo is costly, go and harshly fucking ninety days of words, and they don't care gay straight whenever this is far without labels. Irons invalid was at his years, probably something in the Pyrenees action. You don't think they haven't at many zoos. We ve looked at Rome of looking pretty. I think, that's the thing. The ability to keep regular chimps its use has been almost just always jack off, and what's that

Evans, NBA, gonna, dig, Gotham, really interesting. Press freedom,

Yeah area, how many other in a cage unanimously Bryce, can be pretty intent.

Yeah we're we're weird thing. You know when I've often wondered if whether or not we're do you know, our ultimate goal is to give birth to some new thing, and that's why we're so obsessed with tech?

gee, because I, like these technologies, really mean it. Certainly, enhancing our lives to in a certain way, but is mean all

 

millions of making people happier right now, most.

technology say no, in fact, you know we're too

about social media before this about

not having instagram when you phone and not don't you feel better? Yes, I think that one of the issues with social media has been pointed out by many people is that I think maybe particularly Instagram people look like they have a much better life than they really do right,

so by design people are posting pictures of when they are really happy there modifying those pictures to better. Looking enough, though, not modifying the pictures there at least selecting

extra for the best lighting the best angle, so people basically seem their way better looking than they were ass. We really are right and their way happier see.

 

Than they really are. So if you look at everyone, honest ram, you might think man they're always happy beautiful people and

am. I beg you log in and I am not happy so I must talk. You know- and that's gonna may feel sad so when in fact

the people, you think or see, rabby, actually not their Abbe. Some Europe really depressed the very sad some a happy.

saying people actually, some sad as people in reality and and and

nobody looks good old times. The amount of you are now: it's not easy.

Something you should want. What do you

a great deal of time, the exactly so, I think I think things like that can make people

quite sad when you basing my comparison cause you you sort of young people, people generally could think of themselves.

I'll have to to others. It's it's a wheel.

 

Personally ree. We based lining our expectations and you can see the say if you watch some sure like naked and afraid or refused gonna try living in the woods by yourself for awhile

you like the learner civilizations quite great, has lights. Luggage is people when I come back civilization pretty fast on word, unafraid was now throw quote the comparisons. A thief of joy,

Yeah of happiness is reality. Minus expectations, that's great to but

Comparisons, a thief of joy really holds true to peat, is a date or as Roosevelt fascinating in when you think about

Instagram cause would essentially Instagram is with a lot of people is you're, giving them the opportunity to be their own pr agent.

And they always go towards the glamorous

and when and anyway does show that no filter

 

If they really do do thou o you're, so brave, look you don't make up now

they were good anyway, you look great we doing. Oh, my god

a bicycle causes FARC. You know you don't! I know you, don't you there

they're they're, letting you know, and then the feed not that comments section who looked Sidney,

I click it's a fresh stream of love like again right up to the sources. It comes out of the earth and second, that's lotta. We let it alone water body bodies, letter where it is

I want my concern is not so much what Instagram is is that I didn't they.

The people had the

For this or the expectation for some sort of technology that allows them to constantly get love and adulation from strangers and comments, and in this the ability to project this sort of distorted

version if we really are, but I worry about where it goes like? What's the next one? What's the next one,

Where is it? Is it going to be augmented, some sort of a weird, augmented or virtual sort of instant

 

I'm type situation where you're not gonna want to live in this real world. You gonna wanna interface with this sort of,

world is created through social media page and some next level thing the am

go eleven, the simulation yeah, maybe it in the same year, some ready player, one type, shit, that's real! That seems we have that hd survive here and I went down at a couple.

I was quite honestly as a kind of freaks me out her. My kids fucking love it man, they love it. They love plain these

weirdo, games and and and walk around that headset on, but part of me

watching them do it goes well. I wonder if this is like the precursor to sort of,

if you look at that that phone that Gordon

gecko had on the beach

compare that offer here? He predators like a galaxy note, nine or other factors that become that right, and I wonder when I see this hd survive. Unlike what is this thing? Gonna be:

ten years from now, when we're making fun of what it is now. What is how I mean how ingrained and how

 

How how connected

interconnected is this text

you gonna, be in our life will be at some point indistinguishable from reality.

will lose. This will lose this like you and I just look nature through eyes. I see no easy me. I think I hope you think so I think you know we have regular, as this could be some simulation it could. Do you understand that, while the argument for the simulation, I think, is quite strong, because if you assume any improvements at all over time, any improvement, one percent

one percent just extend the timeframe make a thousand years a million years. The universe is thirteen point, eight billion years old or what civilization? If you count it feel very generous

 

polarization is maybe seven or eight thousand years old. If you counter from the first writing, there's nothing says nothing. So if you seem any rate of improvement at all, then games will be indistinguishable from reality or civilization will end. One of us

He thinks worker, although we are most likely in a simulation,

We're we're on our way to stand right

Bobo, but just because we exist, we must certainly be on the road we could beyond them.

did that

why doesn't mean it has to have already a harsh reality. It could be invest reality we could

here now on our way to the road

on our way to the destination where this can never happen again.

 

Where we are completely ingrained in some sort of an artificial technology or some sort of a symbiotic relationship with the internet or the next level of sharing information, but right now are not there yet that's possible to write

it's possible that a simulation is one day going to be inevitable, that we're gonna have something it's indistinguishable from regular reality, but maybe we're not there. Yet. That's also possible.

Two quite there, yet that this is real. I touch Thou veal aerial. Maybe that's why everybody's again, like Mason jars and Shit Mason,

choose people

craft restaurants and they wouldn't want raw would have. What's this,

nazi metal people

it simply. People like longing towards some weird log cabin.

Type in a shroud reality uphold them on, like clinging to Sir

Regular nails through the mud. Look, don't take me. Yes, I want to work, but then, but there

You will go, get a Mason jar with wine stem or handle the stark.

 

Municipalities, bathing lose wine. Stamina handle they have those ass, the sturdy people

faster assholes. That's like people make pet rocks rough,

Some people just ass, also take advantage of our generous nature. It was made with the wines them made with animal

they made it that way, so them the one where you value right back onto the Mason.

You thought I was a fine if there was included on or something

in writing. De legs made that white trash Sheikh. This is disgusting. This is your honour. This is terrible. That's like

fake breast that are designed to be hard like fake breast from the sixties.

It's if you really long for the ones rebels. Here we go sums what that is

what you gonna do man is nothing meaner, certainly do stop.

 

certain terrible ideas from propagating yeah.

I would also like things were too dark, as I think like you, gonna have to be optimistic about the future. There's no point in being pessimistic. Does too negative? Doesn't help doesn't help? You know, I think you wanna be. My theory.

Rather be optimistic, I think about it. I rather be optimistic and wrong than pessimistic and right right at least on that site. Right here is, if, if your pessimistic is going to move this rule,

Yeah yeah, nobody wants we around you anyway. If it's the end of the world like a full told you broke yeah,

world that ending.

It is what it is for all mean, enjoy the journey rid of you

we want to get morose

 

made. It is what it is for all of us. Anyway. We we're all gonna unless some something changes in about. Ultimately, you know, even if we just sort of existed as humans forever we'd be, which will eventually be like the heat death.

The universe, bright, adjoin, yes or no, but even if we get a pass the sun, if we ever got away pass the sun running juice. Eventually it's gonna end it just assertion of went right, so it really is all about the journey.

or transcendence from whatever we are now to something it doesn't worry about that

None us, as we know it, will dissipate into a fine mist of cold. Nothing.

Eventually, then, someone's gonna bottling put a fragrance to it. Sell it to French me:

for one another dimension survey

long time? I think it's really about. How can we make it last longer

 

Are you a proponent of the multi universes theory? Deeply

There are many many universes and that even if this one fades out that there's other ones that are starting fresh right now, there's an it.

A number of them, and they just

constantly and never ending cycle of birth and death. I think most likely. This is just about probability.

There are many many simulations

relations, we might well call them reality. We could call the multi.

these simulations you believe, are created. Like someone

many their running on the substrate, so that such trade is probably boring, boring puzzle.

Or will we create a simulation.

like game or remove the distillation of

 

interesting about life. You like it, takes to take a year to shoot inaction movie and then that's all the sole down into two or three hours,

So we tat you ve seen: action will be being found for you, it's boring super boring takes, does like lots of takes us evidence in a green screen, looks pretty goofy

doesn't look cool, but when she had the siege, I'd have great editing. It's amazing so, like most likely you for a simulation, it's really boring outside the simulation.

Because why would you make some nation is boring, makes emotion way more interesting, this reality, that is, if this right

Now is a simulation if at all

mentally inevitably were if, as we don't dire, get hit by a meteor we're going decoy

 

Eight, some sort of simulation continue on the same technological path pathway or on right now, but we might not be there yet

so might not be a simulation here, but it

How likely is you feel other places this notion of?

place or where is flawed? Yes,

flawed, but where action like that, if he has a sort of that live in him which further dismayed bivalve and stay in Asia is re valve that made it actually see the hardware but is really about thing makers of half life. Yes, her gray company Craig Company, when you're in there, and that some in that you virtual reality,

 

which is only we get better. Where are you? Where? Are you really right yard, anywhere more, whereas in the computer? What what

defines where you are is equally right. It's your perception is it brings Europe

sanctions or is it a scale that we have on your butt? You right here.

of measured you in the same way as you were when you left me,

well your experience, I think they're, where you are right now you might not be a spark of joy. If you talk

you man, just gonna come in here might have to lock the door when I

earnestly on. I that's my heard you might be taken,

medicine man. I think about this. All the time I mean

Its unquestionable that one day, that'll be the case as long as we keep going

his eyes. Nothing interrupt us and if we start from scratch.

And you know we're single celled organisms all over again and then

millions and millions of years later would become the next thing. That is us with creativity,

 

in the building changed environment. It's gonna keep monkey with things

until a figure out a way to change reality to change.

I mean you're almost like

a hole through. What is this thing into? What what it wants it to be and create new things? And then

Those new things will, Inter sectoral other people to do things and will be this ultimate pathway of infinite ideas and expression all through technology,

and then we're one, we're gonna wonder

Are we here when we don't, let's find out welsh item, and I think we should take the actions, the set of actions that are most likely to make the future better? Yes,

bright, yeah right back and then re evaluate those actions to make sure there there that it's true.

 

but I think there is a movement that I mean in terms of social movement. I think some of its misguided in some of its exaggerated in this law, a lot of people that are fine

for their side out there, but it seems like the general

old trend of like

the social awareness scene,

to be much more heighten now

but at any other time in history because of

Our ability to express our.

instantaneously, to each other through Facebook.

Twitter or what have you in that?

The trend is too

Who

banned in prisons?

if notions abandoned, prejudice, abandoned discrimination and promote com,

this and happiness as much as possible in this life. So when it gave me sorry that is in fact to different dawning brought this with

I want to stay here, a real samurai swords going to play with that. I know you're in the weapons that's going to one thousand five hundred and ten

 

early in the table. Universe go grab, it alone,

that's a legit samurai sword from it

actual samurai from the fifteen hundreds if you pull out that believe that blade was made the old

they were massacred craftsmen, folded that met

and hammered down over and over again overlap,

period, time and home that blade into what it is now was crazy

is that more than

five hundred years later. That thing is still

Christine.

Mean whoever took care that

sit down to the next person to care of it and took out the pod classroom, pretty fuckin crazy,

 

Yeah one day, someone's gonna be looking Tessa like that fuckin back doors they pop upside Lamborghini, because they can do

you didn't, you should I'll show you out was driven one. I love them ever most people don't know what it can do

like ludicrous mode. In terms, I try,

and super fast and irresponsibly on public roads. Irishman Domenico can do that yeah looking to do that

The new know about Ireland. The legs can do this, like ballet thing to the transit Baron orchestra spectacle

red dances if legitimate, genuinely want that's? Why would you programme man and took like

that's what I get about you. That's why it's weird like when you should

appear all smiles plot, a fuck,

 

low torch, not a blowtorch, but I'm

clicking austere, flamed, not aflame through my

What I mean there are definitely not you're you're having fun

this is like

This thing, when you know your programmer car to do a ballet dance fun

how do you have the time to do that and understand why you dig in holes under the earth incentive Rockets into space and and and power and people in?

Australia. I gotta fucked, you have time!

to make the car dance ballet. Well, I mean in that case.

there are some engineers Tesla. They said what, if we make this card ants and play music like that, sounds great: let's try to get it done

 

time for Christmas, we did this your concern about someone just losing your mind and making do that and highway now or do that. But if it's an operative number traffic now know won't, do it notes? Actually you have to

drag sinister idea. That's where people to know about it, we will have

Clark, whereas like it could do lots of things lots of things once

it gets hold of it,

ones how you're, just at its everyone, if you search for internet you'll, find out but people, another initiative,

Such measures are well. They do now DES ass, though so many things about

The level action they model ass in the model, three that,

I don't know about which probably very or something it explain it, because I have close friends of mine and they say do you know the car can do this network.

 

Do you want to do a video there? Do you like the fact that some people don't know? No, I think it's probably not. We should tell people yeah, probably yes, that would help your product methodology

You don't sell enough from you. So almost too many of them right be. I mean I think a Tesla is the most fun thing you could possibly by ever. That's what it's going to be well. Our goal is to make it.

It's not exactly a car, it's actually a thing to maximize enjoyment, make maximum fun. Ok, electronic, like big screen laptop ridiculous speed handling,

stuff yeah do you have put video games in it? You are yet possess wise,

 

well, what can you? You won't be able to drive, while you're playing the video game where we're going.

employed part, we're just putting the be it the Atari emulator remember later in it, so we'll play missile command and leader lander and a bunch of other things you yeah, that's cool is pretty fun like that. We improve the interface muscle command to art with the old tranquil. So this, as does the touch screen version of missile command, so you have a chance,

do you have an old car? Don't you don't sound like an old Jaguar, yeah yeah? That's that's! What's that

sixty one series won't eat, have Jagger. I love cars straight now of old cars,

the german daily to get only two regressing car. They have a that and an old afford, muddled.

that a framework give us Molly to gas tankers is the form.

 

all tea, Stockwell, there's your car convertible

Of course, our car, that's a good looking car s, desires that is

it's not mine! It's extremely close to mine that I don't have a front license plate online, so beautiful car

They need at that and I'm tired out God. They nailed. That must remain, looks like

that is, my dear certain iconic shapes

There's there's something about those cars to their, not as capable not new.

He's cave was like a Tesla but there's something wrong.

Satisfying about the mechanical aspect of like feeling the steering the grinding the gears and the shifting the something about

those this extremely satisfying, even though their not that competent,

have a nineteen. Ninety three Porsche nine six for its ago, lightweight, it's not as

 

The arrests, America not very fast, start like in comparison to a tesselated, but the thing about it is like its mechanical

feeler, everything's, etc.

You. This weird thrill, like your on this issue.

Key ride, and this all this feedback listen,

linked to that. Absolutely I'm in my type is like basically no electronics.

it's so you like that, but you also like electronics.

Your teslas soup, it's like the far end of electronics, yes drives itself striving itself better. Every day, tat its they were about to release the software that

enable you to just turn it on and it'll drive from highway on ramp to highway exit. Do lane changes over take other cars to go from one interchange, the next, if you get on, say the four hundred and five and get off get off

 

three hundred miles later and go through several highway interchanges just to overtake other cars and hook into the naps system.

And then they use meditating.

home causes travellers very, very scary, what

you think, when you saw that video that dude fallen asleep behind the wheel

I've seen it the one cent,

This girl is

outside of San Jose did out cold like this in the cars inch.

But above all traffic moving along. He had seen it right yea I will.

we hope the generally. What have I done software about signing it all video which software? If, if you don't touch the wheel it it will gradually slow down and put the emergency lights on and wake you up

That's a Larry S, ear,

That's all areas teaches what voice wake you up. What's up

Moreover, its haunts

HANS had it should be like wake up, fuck face well

 

in doing during your fellow humans. We could. We could gently wake you up with a sultry voice that big

again, something with a sudden accent,

Why can't? I get so hey swing back, exactly what you wake. I pick pick your right like see.

Yeah, just the australian girl for SIRI her voice. You wanted seductive favorite.

I got one billion. What flavour of do you want to be? Angry could be anything you want those us

brilliant prison, lady genes?

now when you love when you programs like that in is this in response to a concern, or is it your own? If you look at it and go hey dish in disbelief fall asleep its wake him up. Yeah, it's like erect. Look, there are people falling slippery.

but to do something about that fraud, but when you first released it, you didn't considerate right, you just like. Well, no one's guns

sleep, people fall asleep

 

as all the time? That's I crash. Yeah. These thoughts are visible crash. That's better spare not to crash.

It's like I had fallen asleep and in a gasoline car there all the time

for sure that every crashes, somebody yeah and in fact the thing that really got me to cycle

we'd better get what about going, get it out. There was

a guy was in an early Tesla.

Down, the highway fell asleep and he ran over cyclists and kill them, and secondly, man, if we had autopilot when you run out

one might have fallen asleep, but only sooner run over that cyclists.

So how did you implemented like to just use cameras?

programmed with a

system so that if it sees images it

down

What time do you give Eric

 

the person whose in control of it allowed the programme? How fast it goes S day you can programme to be more or less. I more conservative like more aggressive driver, and you can say what speed you wanted.

What what speed is ok. I know you have ludicrous my dear douche bag loud.

Were images gets people,

fulfilling changes this tricky, because, if you're like allay

like an ice you're, pretty aggressive, rags, pretty hard to change lanes.

It's hard to be sought, NOM, it's hard to be known,

Thursday

here now. I ask you: if you want to hear TAT Santos

boulevard african I mean you got

A little pushy, globular, pushy specially everywhere, angry angry, didn't want you and speed up. Sometimes other people like overall.

 

pretty nice one I've highway, even an ally, but sometimes there not to think the neurological help that things, like probably everybody been locked in

gather as high mind tunnel will help it would have traffic.

That'll help a lot

Those can you put in their cars

We have an emerald money ass. They might tells you can go three d

Sound go briny levels bright serve until he had held here, for you.

Go. You can have a hundred levels of tunnel cheese

I want be a ninety. Nine

the ninth negative, ninety nine floors,

This is one of them.

A mentor things. People don't appreciate about tunnels is that does not like

roads. The fundamental issue with roads is that you have a to G transport system, reedy, living and workspace environment, serve God, always tall buildings or or concentrated work environments and and then-

 

Then you want to go into this activity. Transport system will usually ineffectually low density cars per spaced out pretty far.

An so. That obviously, is not going to work. You gonna have traffic guaranteed, but if you

go three d on your transport system? Then you can solve all traffic. Can either go treaty up with flying car or go through it

with tunnels. You can have as many tunnel levels as you want. Even

arbitrarily relieve any amount of traffic, you can go further down with tunnels than you can go up with buildings, your ten thousand be down. If you want, I would recommend it, but what was that movie with? What's his face? Bradley could not Bradley Cooper Christian now what the foxes name bound like, whose Batman Christian bail, where they fought dragon

 

Heaven, Matthew, Burkina, hey to deepen the earth. How for deepening the girl was meant for dragons

emotional about member discussion bill arena, fire rainfall-

Have you ever saw that now turn

again, we but good. When reckon s handwriting super far down yet. Would you get hot right? Martin, Weir yeah earth is a dry and ball of lotta with a thin crust on the top, which we think of it. Like the surface, then crust, and it's mostly just a big ball, a lover. That's

But ten thousand feet, we do have you given any consideration whatsoever to the flat or movement top, but that's a troll

Oh it's not know it's not you,

would like to thank you because you're super genius TA, but

 

as a normal, normal person. I know this

the way dumber than me.

And they really really believe they were,

Youtube videos which go on uninterrupted and spirit, a bunch of fuckin, fake facts very eloquently and inarticulately.

And they really believe these people really believe for excellent. I'm fine where the right deadness age

where you noticed ludicrous mode. New car goes one point nine seconds: zero to sixty two point: two too

I too, which ones one point: nine, the broader the next generation roads or cast out of this year, and on top of this shit, that's just it! That's what

standard additional sort of throughout the former package will provide performance package with what the fuck you need. Rockets.

for real. Yes, what am I gonna burn? Think or pressure compressed air Well

 

just a gas thrusters.

Did you have to have air tanks or the S second era? Ok, there's a electric pump well pop up like ten thousand piazza and how fast we talk and jeered assisting faster.

that's. My girl could make to obtain why I want to go back in time. Craig fly you may fly.

You anticipate that has been me you're talking about the tunnels, then flying cars developing this. Can we rural too noisy, and this too much airflow,

So if the final issue in my heart to get work, one of those like toy drones- you how much, how loud those are and how much era that they share they blow now. Imagine if that's like a thousand times heavier

not going to be make your neighbors heavy. Your neighbors are not going to be happy if you'll out of line car in regard to reverse the hell kind of like the Orange

We have just really gonna be like what

data was annoying

 

here can't, even if you want to find

I just put some wheels and a helicopter,

is your way around that like what, if they figure out some sort of magnetic technology, like all those Bob Lazard type characters,

thinking that was part of the? U S, foe,

knowledge? They were doing an area fifty one members than they have some some thoughts about magnetic? No, no bullshit has really

yeah there's a fundamental momentum exchange with the air, so you must, you must accelerate. Does those like

This bears a sudden you, you have a mass and have grabbed gravitational acceleration and mass mass times.

Your mass times gravity was equal, the massive airflow times acceleration about airflow tavern neutral force. So too,

I'm gonna go round, and then you want move empty is greater than Emmy. You will go down

and if Emma S, great and Andrew you up

 

Outworks. This is no way around. There is

Firstly, no around. It does no way to create

some sort of a magnetic something or another that allows you to tell me glee? Yes, you you could have a strong enough magnet.

But that mind it would be so strong that you would create a lot of trouble. You just said

cars up a new car pick up

I'm axles and after a pair of either mature?

on the ground, or

in a really natty situation of earth gravitational field and somehow make that incredibly light, but that magnet would cause so much destruction, you'd be better off with her

helicopter. So if there is some sort of magnet road like you have to magnets

repel each other

 

at some sort of a magnet road that was below you and you can travel on that magnet road that would work, ha ha ha

yes, yes, you got a magnet road. A magnet road has had too ridiculous. No it's what work

how do I dig it was too early. I would not recommend it does a lot of things

recommend resume or not, recommend that get not wise. I think I'll roads now that now to find out, I think I was good

was a lot of trouble. So you put some time consideration to this other. You know. Instead, what my foolishly rendered thoughts,

so you think the tunnels are the way to it. Oh it'll work pressure than a work. Yes and you're. The

Is it these tunnels and you're building right now, there's a basically just like test versions of this ultimate idea that you have you know it's just a hole in the ground. Right we played

 

videos of it where you are right, as you drop that hole in the ground. This sled on it and steady goes very fast,

a hundred miles an hour plus yeah real, fast festooned.

And then work a long distance, long distances unionist draw the air

The tunnel picture Israel straight through the air in the ten years, her reckoned tunnel, because the then

then Japan, how fast wanna go through these wheels or you could use our bearings depending upon the ambient pressure in the tunnel or you could maglev it. You wanna go super fast

So magnet road, yes

but underground magnet roads, underground manga wiser, going to really create a lot of trouble with because this metal thing

So Margaret rose the weighty, gouges, underground, shorter, really fast underground. European and you'll be maglev in a vacuum tunnel, mag

 

vacuum tunnel magnetic levitation in American, alters one with rocket launchers. Now,

not recommend putting any come exhaust gas in the tunnel. Ok,

Finally, I open on right. You have pointed out- and you probably have

limited mountain air in the first place like how much can you breathe, give to pump

surgeon into these cubicles.

And about whom pressurize part b like it like a little tiny underground, spaceship, basically like airplane, because you are

you're an plants not in new era, and it is, it is yes, we have a little hole yet ever pump

Really they from the outside. Yes, why?

 

as I said at the heirs of aeroplanes, have a private easy because they, essentially, you can they're pretty leaky, but he's happy swung his day. Sons. The airport is working out of this has been a backup pumps and I, like you, know three palms of four pounds or something, and then that then there's like there's an ex exhausts through

but the outflow valve and and through whatever seals, are not ceiling quite right. Usually the door doesn't seem quite right on a plane, so the butt of leakage around the door and in that, but the pumps exceed the outflow rate, and then that sets

pressure in the in the cabin now. Have you ever looked at plans and gone? I can fix this

 

time as you make a bet design for plain you do a better design. I mean. Probably I think it is only talked about this, and I have talked to friends, friends, friends and I mean frank girlfriend. You could tell me what he got. Let's go on women, exciting thing to do it.

Be some sort of electric vertical take off and landing supersonic jet of some vertical take off and landing mean no need for my mind to shoot up. Try me here and talk how'd. You do that.

when they do that's and some military aircraft, cracked. Yes, the trick is that you have a gift of transition to level flight and then you

the thing that you use for vertical tear for take off and landing is not suitable for high speed flight, so

 

two different systems, vertical line as lots and lots of guiding light, you're thinking about an electric plane is that you wanna go is highest

possible, but you need a sudden energy testing the battery back, because you have to overcome gravitational potential energy once you welcome rubbish, his potential entry and your at at at at a high altitude. The energy use in crews is very low and then you can recaptured

a large part of your the gravitational potential energy on the way down. So you really don't need any kind of reserve fuel if you want, because you have the energy of height graph to

 

energy. This is a lot of energy. So so once you can get high you, but I like the way to think about a plane is its force, balance to the force balance soap, a plain that that is not accelerating is, is a neutral force balance the force of gravity. If the lift force with the wings, then you ve got

Force of the wherever thrusting device, the propeller or turbine whenever it is, and you got the resistance force of the air now hire you go

the lower the air assistance. Yes, air density drops exponentially, but drag increases with a square. An exponential beats a square, the hire you go, the faster you will go for the same amount of energy.

and at a sudden I'll tell you, you can go supersonic with less energy per mile

 

quite a lot less energy from well, then, an aircraft at thirty five thousand feet, because it's just a force balance conversation

It makes sense, though, no I'm sure does now when you think about this,

new idea of of designing you intervene when, when you have this,

de about improving planes.

bring this somebody ages.

Chuck liable under my plate right this from San. I don't know

I do what you do now, but if you keep coming up with these it, but it's gotta be here.

Upon these off on someone else, either a cake go, do a job good job with this vertical. Take often

landing system that I want to implement to regular planes, airplane electric

and isn't necessary right now, electric cars are important.

 

we need, or some areas, important stationary storage, vantages important. These things are much more important than creating electric supersonic futile. Also,

planes. Naturally, you really want that gravitational and density for aircraft

improving over time. So you know

Important we accelerate the transition to a sustainable energy. That's why electric cars matters whether Lettre cars happen sooner or later. Europe were really playing the crazy game here with the atmosphere of Europeans were taking vast amounts of carbon from deep underground. In putting this when it was not in the analysis, is crazy. Should not do this very dangerous

 

Switched wishes we should accelerate the transition to a sustainable energy. I understood bizarre thing. Is that obviously we're going to run out of oil in London,

you know, there's only so much oil we can. We can minor burn this total

logical, we must have sister s, sustainable energy, transport and energy infrastructure in the long term. So we know that's the end point. We know that. So why run this crazy experiment, where we take coins of tons of carbon from underground and put it in the atmosphere and oceans? This is insane experiment. It's the dumbest experiment in human history.

Why are we doing this crazy? Do you think this is a product of momentum that we start of doing this when it was just a few engines, a few hundred million gallons of fuel over the whole world, not that big of a deal and then slow

 

but surely over a century it got out of control, and now it is it's not just our fuel, but it's also good looming

fossil fuels are involved in something different electronics, so many different.

Comes at people by judges is constant desire for fossil fuels. Constant need for oil

Without the adoration of the is our inability to things like oil, well, coal, gas, so easy money, Brian's easy money.

Have you heard about clean coal

has been tweeting about it's gotta be real. Clean

all caps DC used all caps clean coal. Well, you know it is very difficult to put that's your two back in the ground.

Doesn't like being in solid form. Have you thought about energy like that, like some sort of a filter, giant, building sized filter socks carbon out on that matter,

 

Because I'm not, I don't know, you know it's possible now of no notice report, no, not fucked. I mean this is quite a complex question right. You know we're really just

one or two more carbon. We take out the ground and at the atmosphere and a lot of it gets permeated the oceans.

The more dangerous it is like either. I dont think right now. I think we're ok right now:

we can probably even add some more but the momentum towards

sustainable energy is too slow, like that, there's a vast base of industry, vast transportation system like this does two and a half million cars and trucks in the world so and ended than new contract production

 

If it was a hundred percent electric, that's only about a hundred million per year, so it would take it. If you could snap your fingers and its instantly turn all old cars and trucks electric, it would still take twenty five years to change. The transport base to electric makes sense, because how long's a truck car Truckle ass before

goes into the junk yard and gets crushed at twenty to twenty five years. Is there a way to accelerate the process like some source,

Cities are so,

encouragement from the government financially well. The thing that is going on right now is that there is an inherent subsidy in any oil burning device and eat any power plant or car.

 

is fundamentally consuming the carbon capacity of the oceans and atmosphere or to say atmosphere for short, so you can take ok, there's a sudden probability of something bad happening, passed, a certain carbon content.

asian at me in the atmosphere, and so this sum uncertain number where we were too much carbon in the atmosphere is over heat. Oceans, warm up ice cap, smell.

ocean. Real estate becomes a lot less valuable, humbugs, underwater and Anne, but it's not clear what that number is, but it's definitely scientists would all it's really quite the scientists. Scientific consensus is overwhelming.

Of warming, I mean, I don't know any seriously

 

actually, zero, literally zero, who don't think that's that's, but we have quite a serious climate risk that we're facing, and so.

This fundamentally, a subsidy occurring with every fossil fuel book burning thing, power, plants, aircraft, car, frankly even rockets, I mean Rockets use up, they burn

fuel, but there's just with rockets? There's no other way to get two Aubert, unfortunately, so the only way but with cars does definitely a better way with electric cars and to generate the energy do so with photovoltaics, because we ve got a giant. Then, when you clear reactor in the sky called the son, it's great.

 

Shows of everyday fair level, so if you can generate energy from solar panels, stored with batteries can have energy twenty four hours a day, and then you can have consented to the Poles coordinate near two to the north. With

I voted lines on the north, nor the northern part of parts of the world tend to have a lot of hydro. Power is well underway that all of us off your power things have an inherent subsidy which is their consumption of the carbon capacity of the atmosphere and ocean. So he will tend to think like why. Why should electric vehicles have a subsidy, but they are not taken

 

to account? That's all fossil fuel book burning vehicles fundamentally are subsidized by the cost, the environmental cost to earth, but nobody is paying for it. We are going to pay for it. Obviously, in the future, we will pay for it.

it has not paid for now now? What is the bottleneck in regard

to electric cars and trucks, and things like that is it battery capacity yeah go to scale up production of car, compelling make it better than

Selina diesel cars making more efficient in terms of late to distance. It can travel, you're gonna get far far enough recharge.

And you're roadster you're urine

dissipating six hundred miles, is that correct, yeah yeah we would

with Alexander MILES out right now I'll give you driven one six hundred miles now: network

 

they make one right now there were six her mouth, but the thing is too expensive so that

cars are much more so widely Salvatore kilowatt Hour, Pat battery pack and you

There are six hundred miles my mercy. What do you have now? Three hundred and thirty mile?

and thus reclaiming thirty mile range and what is at issue in terms of kilowatts. Well, that would be for model s hundred kilowatt hour. Pack will do about Threerd, thirty Mildmay, three thirty five, as some people have hype.

While the two five hundred mile high profile that would just like go on forty

five hours and hours, somebody out like thirty miles an hour serious on level ground with Papa tyres up really well gonna smooth surface in and you can go for a long time, but definitely

They do three hundred miles. Is there s mind for most people, usually two hundred or turn fifty miles is fine thread of miles? Is you don't even think of

 

really is there any possibility that you could use solar power that solar powered one day specially in LOS Angeles and then, as you said, it

the giant nuclear reactor a million times bigger than earth floating in the sky. Is it

Well, that one day you'll be able,

his power, all these cars,

just on solar power. I mean we don't ever have

many days, if we do this three of them well, that the surface area of a car is without making the correct

really blocky or having some like a g wagon, reallocate or and unjust

Gotta. Look a lot of serb, sir we're like maybe like solar panels, fold out or something like your class thats we needed, but you type,

yeah that the Jaguar each type with a giant, long hood, that could be a giant solar panel. What behaved as I did when I have this light:

unfolding solar panel thing, they'd press a button, and I would just like unfolding solid,

 

Animals and like charge recharge your car in the parking lot. Ah, yet we could do that, but I think is probably better to just put them.

Ruth right, and then it's gonna be facing the sent all the time, because I, what car wage about in the shade of in the shade commit a garage is right here: didn't fiscal

have on the roof, the fiscal karma. Now,

generation for us, I believe, was only for the the radio that correct yeah. I mean that I think it could like

Greece hard like two miles a day, or did you laugh when they start blowing up when they get hit with water demur? What happened? They got that

yeah, the wind they had dealership lawyer fiscal Carmen. We're part is that, like that with a flood and says when the hurricane came in, they got overwhelmed with water and they also exploding this fucking great video of it. You watch the video added watch, the

video, but fallacies on picture of the I've been loomed up,

 

What does that have video laugh, my ass? They are blown up. They go

When they blew up, that's not good yeah, we made it

battery waterproof. So that doesn't happen, smile

yeah there's a guy in Kazakhstan. That I think is Kazakhstan that he has just voted through

tunnel under an underwater tunnel that could flooded tunnel and just.

Turn the wheels to steer and pressed accelerator, and it just floated through that

any smiles steered around the other cars you like

that's me. It's on the internet. What happens?

if your car gets a little sideways like if you're, driving and snow like what, if you driving

if your autopilot is on

and you're in like Denver

snows out.

Its little sideways, Tis, a correct its

does. However, it's got great tat attraction control but doesn't know. Had I correct, you know

oh yeah, ass and kicked out. You not account to steer, knows

 

It knows how to do it well. Pray! Crazy! That's pretty crazy!

So I give you grown sideways. He knows how to correct itself.

Generally want go sideways want now. Why not? It will correct itself before it goes sideways

even in black eyes. Yes, this videos. We could see the car b

that alone, traction control system is very good at makes fix your man great. He like feel like you didn't like make. You feel focusing.

Credible driver? I believe now, how do you programme? What would we do? Our testing on like an ice lake in Sweden, a real area and like Norway and Canada and a few other place Porsche, does allow there to video in as well. They do a lot of their. They do some other driver training school on these frozen surfaces, so you're, just

the cars going sideways with you like it or not, and you have to learn how to slide.

 

Into corners and how it asked. But will electric cars have really great traction control, because the reaction times so fast ran so the

but guessing car you ve got a lotta latency takes a while for the and the engine to react, and but for elected electric motors incredibly precise. That's why you're not like look

If you like a printer or something you you haven't, you wouldn't have a gasoline engine printer that we pretty weird or

 

or like a surgical device. It's gonna be an electric motor on the surgical device on the printer gassing engines. Can we just chugging away scan are going to have the reaction time but to an electric motor, its operating at the most second level, so it can turn on track. Antonov traction. If, within, like inches of getting on the honest like this, they driver patch, vice it'll, turn traction off and then turn it on a couple inches right off the ice like a little patch of ice.

because in the frame of the electric motor you're moving incredibly slowly you're like a snake, it's your snail you're, just moving so slowly because it's it's

I can see at a thousand francs a second, it's like say one Mississippi it. It just thought about things

 

thousand times so it's realise that your wheels are not getting traction it underneath

answer some slippery surface it you driving on, as it makes adjustments in real time. Yes and milliseconds,

There will still be so much safer than irregular car. It is just that

on four loved ones. You did you want them to be driving a car, yes, that on board

voters do fuck, regular motors that them as action three are to have the lowest probability of injury. If any cars ever tested by the US government well says yeah, but it's pretty fun.

Pretty crazy weep? You know people still sue us like they'll, have like some accident at sixty miles, an hour where they like twisted and ankle

and they said they like there be dead, another car they still to us, but that's the expected. Isn't it is to be expected

 

You take that into account, would like the same sort of fatalistic

you know, undertones, to sort of discover,

you got his eyes, let it go! This is what people do

God knows what it is quite a lot of respect for the justice system, judges, a very smart and they see theyve as like I've. So five,

found judges to be very good at justice, because I like what, like an juries, a good two like there actually quite good, you know people

Are you read about like a casual errors in the just?

system later you most the time, the very good and like there, the other guy mentioned that who fell asleep in the car

Are you he rode over a cyclist and an end, and that was what encouraged me to get autopilot autism is possible that guy suit us he sued you for falling asleep.

 

Yes, he will eat. I I'm not coming. He blamed on the new car smell. What? Yes, he blamed

him falling asleep on you now

car smell.

did. Someone is a lawyer as a real thing that happened. What is a lorry that thought that, through in front of his laptop before you wrote that up? Yes, he got a lawyer and he sued us and the judge was like you.

This is crazy. Stop bothering me now! Thank God. Yes, thank God

God is Georgia. There was a brain dredges, judges, a very good some

what about that enlargement voice up the river

Pennsylvania whose sound those kids out, nobody story,

judge, was selling young boys to present.

He was like literally yeah, literally under bribes, for he was was this

to judge or it

 

you have just like. Actually a politician, no has elected judges, is a very famous story who he's in jail right now. I think for the rest of his life and he

he put away, he would take her to a young boy, would do something like steel, something from a story and he would put him in detention for a five year. Something work over ridiculous, your courageous and

They investigated this history and they found out that he was literally being paid off. Was it by

private prisons, is that what the deal was

there was some sort of, but anyway, this judges to judges for judges, kids for cask and also the eye common. Please judges.

so I think they are elected and who is paying them some one. It was.

proven to the point where they are in jail. Now

paying them too.

who put more asses in the seats in these private, presents a payment to put him in the EU

 

spilled over a million dollar payment? I do think it's this process.

prisons thing is creating a balance and art right, yes, but that judges in Prison- thank God, yes, but I buy it for people who

Perhaps the justice system consists entirely of judges like that. I want to assure you. This is not the case. The vast majority of judges, a very good I agree, and they care about justice

and they could have made a lot more money if they wanted to be a trailer and instead they care

justice and they made less money because they care about justice, and that's why they're judges.

I feel the same way about police officers.

there are so many interactions with so many different people with police officers that the very few

that stand out that are horrific. We we too

and to look at that like this is evidence of police are all corrupt and I think that's crazy. No most most, please

there are a very honest, yes on and and and and and

 

the more inhabitants, lonely, and by now that I know I'll get very honourable ethical people, yes, and much more, our moral ethical below the average person that repression does my impressions well, but an that's what it's just that we will be completed,

assume everyone's unethical and

If somebody is, is given a a trusted place in society such as being a police officer or a judge, and they are corrupted, then we must be extremely vigilant against such situations, yes and take action, but but we should not think that this is somehow broadly.

Descriptive of people in their profession. I can agree more, I think, is also an issue with some one of the things that happens with people.

officers, prosecutors and and and anyone who is trying to kid

big someone or arrest someone as that it becomes a game and, in

James people want to win. Sometimes people cheat. Yes, yes, I mean, if it

 

If your prosecution, you should not always want to win. There are times when you should like locate, should not want to in this case, and then this pass on that case. Sometimes we want to win too much. That is true, and it also becomes tough if you're sure, like a district.

Honey, you know it. You use a tentative, see a lot of criminals and then your your view of the world can get negative. We ask of a negative,

You have a negative view of the world because you ve just interacting criminals

play most of society is not consist of. Criminals might have to have this conversation at dinner, so we'll just go with the truth. Tony. I was like

man was sometimes seem pretty dark because mechanism

some terrible human beings out there and, like you and yours like doing some case, which consisted of

 

A couple of old Ladys that would run people over somehow for insurance money. It was rough. Allow us thus pretty rough as like it so hard to maintain faith in humanity if you're district attorney, but

But you know it's only a few percent of society that are actually bad and then, if you go to the worst say point one percent of society, other.

Worst one in a thousand one in a million, but how about as the millionth,

this person in United States rarity damn bad like damn. Evil like the familiar things like the millionth of one in a million of evil, is so evil. He will could not even

 

conceive of it, but this three hundred and thirty million people, the United States, so that three hundred thirty people out there somewhere but by the same token, does also threatened three people on earth and credible angels and unbelievably good human beings yeah on the other side, but because of our fear of danger,

We tend to our thoughts, tend gravitate towards the worst case scenario. Yes, and we want a frame that ended this one of the real problems with prejudice we want and whether, as prejudice towards

different minorities or prejudice towards police officers or anything. So if we want to look

worst case scenario and say this is an example of what this is all about, and you see that even with people

are they frame genders some some men frame, women like they get ripped off.

A few women and they sat all women are evil. Some women get fucked or by a few men. All men are shit and in this this

very toxic and its also

 

it's a very unbalanced way of viewing the world and its very emotionally based and its base on you

experience your anecdotal experience and it can.

It can be very influential to the people around you and it's just today.

this way. It's a dangerous thought process and pattern to promote it is. It is a very dangerous, but I really think people should give other people the benefit of the doubt, and

assume that there are good until proven otherwise, and really most people are actually pretty good people nobody's perfect

They have to be if you think that vast numbers of us thirty interact with each other with each other,

instantly. We have to be better than we think we are known

There's no other way. I these weapons like, but how many times like nobody's, preserving

I d motor and nobody yes nobody's like, but not right, flamelets, writer, fake flame, thirty years, not a flame through hell, we're gonna go

problem. I'm report on that side to leave for the guests yeah.

 

Look man, I say some doubt fucked up. It's right. There live and the thing is for sure guarantees make any party better yap. Well, that's

nets, they armed civil,

in theory right that an armed

Community is safe and polite community.

Access to cultural yeah. I mean

people to access a super polite. Never

make somebody angry now don't know. What's gonna happen? Yes, on a good move, yeah piss people, often everybody can have a gun off just slip.

guy get in your lane, yeah yeah. What are we gonna big.

A site and Central Texas New NGO, beautiful. He asked

this in Macgregor about fifty miles

We got close to her tat. Digit lives it out its head. Nugent,

 

ok, cool yeah there in a we have like lots of

fire loud explosions and things people that their call with it. I don't give a fuck out there, there's very supportive yeah, you can buy fireworks, we kids go to school the ads. You know it's dangerous yeah, but it's free

three there's something about oasis, that's very enticing, because that it is dangerous, but its also free right, yeah. I can like Texas

well. I prefer over places that are more restrictive, but more liberal because

you could always be liberal I'd just because

These are free and just because you have a certain amount of right wing type characters. It doesn't

mean you have to be that way. You an honestly there's a lot of those people that are pretty fuckin open minded and let you do whatever you,

to do right.

Bother them yeah, exactly that's my hope right now, with

 

The way were able to communicate with each other today and how radically different it is. Then generations past is that we all

The dust saddles, and we all realize I like what you are saying that most people are good. Most people are good. The vast majority. Yes, I think give you will benefit out for sure. I think you're right, you know, get help that what mushrooms don't think they're delicious yeah right too good for you too,

All kinds of what do you see in terms of like when you think about the future of our companies

What do you see is like bottlenecks, much more than her

What do you see in terms of like bottlenecks?

the things that are that are holding back innovation. Is it right.

you're commissions and and people. The donor stand the technology that are in

 

printing policy. What what? What could potentially beholding you guys back right now.

Is there anything that you would change your question? You know I wish which politicians were better at science. That would help a lot. That's

problem? Yes, there's no incentive for them to be good at science. There isn't actually another pretty good at science in China. I have to say yeah. The mayor of Beijing is, I believe, an environmental engineering degree and the deputy mayor of Physics,

I met them and they are so. Shanghai is really smart and wood.

Europe on technology. What you think about this government policy of of stopping use of waterway phones and does there

something about that than the worry about. Spying is

 

mean from what I understand from real tat people. They think it's horseshit.

Oh I'd, I found it. I know I don't know how to govern say. Don't you buy waterway phones.

Did you up on our now

we just then, and this idea well. I like, I guess, if you're, if you're rub, if you have like topsecret stuff,

then you wanna be pretty careful about what hardware you use, but you know, like most, people do not have topsecret stuff right like

Nobody really casual porn you watch earlier is like nobody actually cares. You know

have they do that's kind on them.

Communities like nationals by agencies do not do not give a rat's ass. Well

Why not? For you watch that I do not care so like what secrets to death.

 

Nationals by agency have learned from the average citizen pipe. Nothing. Will that stood argument against the the narrative

the argument by lotteries, tat people is that the real concern is that these companies, like waterway, are

innovating at a radical pace and they trying to stop them from integrating in our culture and letting this right right. Now there, the number two cellphone manufacturer in the World- ok, Samsung number one always number two apples now number three: they surpassed apples number two and the idea.

This is all had taken place without them. Having any foot

whatsoever in America. There are no there

No carriers that have their phones, you have to buy their phones unlocked through some

a third party and then put ok, so

and though the worry is that these are some

another controlled by the chinese government. They come.

Is chinese government is gonna distributor.

phone and out of its, though the worries economic,

influence they'll have to

 

which power ought to know what it is you

You pay attention and it is not really. You know I don't think reached worry too much about oil funds. You know, maybe you know,

security agencies shouldn't have. However, why five, maybe that's a question mark but

for the average citizen. It doesn't matter, didn't just like. No, that's not it. Pretty short. The chinese government does not care about the goings on of the average mechanism. Is dead

Is there a time where you think that there will be no security work

impossible to hold back information that, whatever bottleneck boat, will let go we're gonna we're gonna give in

whenever bottleneck between privacy and ultimate innovation, which will have to be bridged in order?

for us to achieve the next level of technological proficiency that we're just gonna abandonment and they'll be no

 

no security, no privacy do people want privacy, as they say

put everything on the internet.

Around now here confused. But when you Talkin about your Nora link in this this idea that one day we are

to be able to share information. We're gonna be some sort of a thing that symbol

finally symbiotic connect here, I think we will need to worry about security in that situation and one sure that's like a security, Paramount shore, but also.

we will. We will be

will be so much different. Large our concerns about money, about staff

it's about where all these things will will seemingly go by the wayside. If we really become enlightened, if we

become artificially enlightened by some

sort of an age interface.

We have the symbiotic relationship with some

new internet type can

and to information. What

What happens then? What

 

What is important and what is not important, is privacy important. When we're all gods, I mean, I think, the things that we think are

keep private right now. Right, we probably will not think or shame right

information right.

What are you? What are you hiding emotions where we had? I mean, I think, like previous, like embarrassing,

right, embarrassed and stuff, but it does actually like giving people does not that much. That's kept private, the people that is actually relevant right that be what other people actually care about. Me think other people care about her, but they don't really care about us, and so

governs, don't what some people care about it, but then it gets weird when you, when it gets exposing Jennifer Lawrence when old, naked pictures or got exposed Agatha

In some ways, people liked or more than they were,

 

she's a person. Just a girl who, like sex in this, is to live and as a boyfriend and sends a messages. And now you get to look into it and you probably shouldn of somebody

go and they put online and she seems to be doing

a person she's, just you and me in the same things in some weird place where she's gonna thirty five foot tall,

green, with music playing every time she talks yadda rush

she's like not have not I'm not happy about it, but she notches birches fairly doing fine, but once this interface

is fully realised where we

really do become something far more powerful

In terms of our cognitive ability are our ability to understand irrational thoughts and and mitigate them, and they were

all connected in, some

sort of an insane way. Would it mean how would it what our thoughts on wealth, I thought

 

on social status, like how many of those just evaporate and our need for privacy?

we need for privacy will be the ultimate bottleneck that will have to subject the we'll have to surpass. I think the things that we think are important no will probably not be important in the future,

but there will be things that are important. What was more, for things might be some more of ideas. Potentially I dont think Darwins going away

right, though, is gonna, be there.

There was no doubt will be there forever forever. It will just be a different to a different Irina, the victory of the digital arena. The foot arena dollars are going away. What keeps you up at night was quite hard to run. Companies

 

Especially car companies who are challenging the cart businesses the hardest Manuel.

the things you do? Yes,

The consumer and business is opposed to space acts and not the basics of space access. My walk in the park, but but a car company spread, of course, keep car company alive, spread of guilt. You know there's only two car companies in the history of moroccan car companies that haven't gone back.

That's Ford and Tesla? That's it! He Ford rode out that crazy storm her though the only one is getting their teeth shut out. The Mustang

about security, that isn't

Stan, whereas able tells us we barely survived how close to get the folding very close. We.

 

or two thousand is not a good time to be a car company, especially a start of car company and especially in Lecter Car company. I was like Stupirti Squared, and this is when you have those cool roads

hers with the tire with a target up. Yeah we're like here is a highly

Finally chassis, the body was completely different, were Superman.

strategy that we actually did was item is based on two false premises. One false premise was that would be able to

cheaply, convert the Lotus lease and use that as a car platform, and that will be able to use technology from the store company called AC propulsion for the electric, Dr Train and the battery

is facing propulsion technologies are now working production and when

 

using none of it and long term, none of it where to resign. Everything and then the once you out a battery pack, an electric motor show card. Gotta heavier got three percent heavier

invalidated the entire structure or the crush structure. Everything had to be redrawn. Nothing like that. I think it had less than seven percent of the parts were common with any other device, including cars or anything,

seven percent. Yes, everything, including tyres and wheels ports breaks yet even as they

and will see, the steering wheel was, I think the steering wheel was almost the same ass. This tat, the the windscreen

went whence different. Now I feel the same yes, I think so. I think we re vote

Lastly, seven percent. So that's what basically

everybody panels. Different the entire structure is different. The we couldn't use the h, like the age back system that the commissioner was about driven

 

now I needed something that was actually driven will need a new AC compressor.

And all that takes away from the battery live as well. We need small, highly efficient air conditioning system that fit in a tiny car and was electrically powered,

not belt driven very difficult. How much of those were the those cars the roster, I think it was

Twenty seven hundred pounds, a silvery lion dependent, which version twenty six. Fifty two tweets him fifty pounds, oh my god, and what was the weight distribution it was about fifty well, there are different versions of the car, so

about fifty five in the rear. It was real rear, bias right, but not bad liking. Considering like a nine eleven which, like one of the most popular sports cars while time heavy wherein bias. Well, I mean.

 

Yeah, but the nine eleven lacking the Turk is like the bastard despite

Newton, not being on their side of your fighting Newton, it's very difficult! Well, if I gave you.

Thus the moment of inertia on yeah, I Levin don't make any sense.

do once. You understand

Once you understand, I want to hang the engine of the asked. This is not a wise move. You dont want to lead up on the gas when you're in a corner of the parliament with whether, with with something that's

Where the engine is mountain of the rear, Axel or off the rear, Axel toward the rear, say a poem.

But of inertia, is fundamentally screwed you cannot solve. This. Is unsolvable use road problem

the notorious your screwed right, like sex life. If you spend the car like a top,

that. Does your parliament of inertia you're just a promise. I swear this show whether we really to my friend tell their practical fuck himself.

 

Told you not to swear afraid a good friend s where we realize you're fucking, Elon Musk.

do whatever we want man variegated fuse Commie elsewhere in private,

wherever storm to save frickin, it's fun way. The cycle

All house moms

wives and share that they have children. Yes, frickin thing better way like like the portions and uttering how

a handles, given that it's the physics he asked

We have enough sheriff Hartman up,

to actually still make it work well is isn't gravel. What do you know how to turn to the corner once you get used to the feeling of it, there's actual benefits to it

there are some benefits I enjoy the car. I had before

There was a nine eleven

ok, has nine, nine, seven or sick at seven

 

great Carmen yeah, I'm in particular with other ports,

when they had a variable, veins turbo and you didn't have the toolbar lagged. I was great Azra great, whatever language is like here, if you for it,

Phone home player in the older one, thinks about an hour later. Let our accelerates and super dangerous drugs in the real world start spinning, yeah, there's something fun.

about a fellow like feeling that rear wait, taking around

again Ozma efficient, filter yeah, I agree, but does that

was talking about earlier about that little car that I have than ninety three nine eleven assist theirs is not fast, does not listen.

best handling car, but it's more

It is fine than any other car have

because it's so mechanical, it's like everything about it like

crack, poles and bumps, and it gives us feed.

Can I take it to the communist or because, when I get there, I feel it

 

my brain, is this popping and Sunfire Fire its strategy for me now that I

really stop driving other cars there. I drive that car there just for the brain juice. Just

there, the inner, the interaction arranged to try,

less pure another day, I'll turn lawyer, mind skull. Ok, yeah tell me

what order order model s people,

de ok James. That data is the car that I drive. Ok, ok, I'll get with the car. You drive, ok,

don't might have our side. I believe you have drive

her father. Eighty miles, that's good for allayed, regular

days, you'll never noticed the battery. Never never how hard

to get like one m: crazy plugs, starting your house that difficult now its severity

just like a dry or plug in second violet. Didn't you come up

some crazy tiles for your roof that are solar panels? Yeah yeah worth having

 

my refer not actually just try it out. That's it though they its it takes a while to test roof stuff because

roofs after last, a long time rather like what you live route elastic, could it curdle years over a regular roof now the sawdust

versions as like this all powers you put on a roof so liked best,

whether Europe's new or old, save european-

you don't want to place the Russia want to put like so pound on the front. So that's like retrofit. You know I never try to make the record for pounds of realize

but then the new product we carry out with is, if, if you, if you have a roof, that's either you building

or you're going to replace a roof anyway, then you make the site. The tiles sought have sole

solar cells embedded in the tiles, and then it's quite a tricky thing because you want to

not see the solar cell behind the big, the glass tile ass. He really work with the

ass an end at the end of the rivers, coatings and layers, so that you don't say

 

the solar cell behind the glass. Otherwise it doesn't look right. Weren't such really tricky theirs

to put it up there, yet Hannah looks good,

She is right. If you look closely, can save you zoom in right. You can see the sea the cell,

But if you zoom out, you don't see the right, but

screen, go that's more isabel, so really hard, because you have to sunlight, go through right, but we're too, when this, when it gets reflected back out it. Doesn't it hides the fact

Does a seller now are those available to the consumer right now all we have

I think those are my roof right there. Yes, that's amazing,

those good I like

That one sort o,

that kind of fake spanish. Looking thing I, like best french light, that's why

 

people in Connecticut Smoking pipes without one that's bad ass did so actually work, I believe

so the thus the solar panels and our on that house that we just looked at is that sufficient to power the entire home it

on your energy on her composure, yeah.

generally ass, I would say, is probably for most, it's gonna vary, but it anywhere from

more than you need to.

Maybe half like who have to one point, five of the energy that you need depending on how much roof you have

what's to living space and how ridiculous you're, with tv tvs, no problem Anders

their emission echo conditioning. That is the problem. If you have an efficient air conditioner and you don't

and putting on how like our

 

air conditioning rooms when they dont need to be a condition which is very common cause in the neck ears like programmer vcr like right now, it's just

blinking, twelve, so people just like I have a thought I was gonna- make it this temperature all day long right, I don't have a smart homeward. If you're in the room, then stay cool right, yeah sure predict when you're gonna be home.

and then cool the room. The rooms that you

likely to use with a little

but of intelligence. We're not talking about like gene.

His home here was talking like elementary basic stuff ran like if you can hook that into the car. Like news

coming home, like is not more willing. The home run in a calm, keep in the heart of the home, really cool

oh you're, not their right. It can tell your coming home, was going to court to write.

But you're right. You have an outer that works with your solar panels or anything like that. Yeah area.

And we need to hook it up to a to really make the air conditioning. Have you thought about creating an air conditioning?

 

system I

you have your question. I cannot answer questions about

Fischer, pretend ok, let's just let it go, will move on to the next thing. That would be an interesting idea

she outside radiant heating, all that good ideas. Now, when you win

you think about the efficiency of these homes and you think about implementing.

Solar power and battery power, and is there anything else that people are missing is or any other like?

I just saw a smart watch that is powered by the

heat of the human body at some new.

Technology is able to fully power

I dont know if italy- or if it's like this was right here. This is it

Casio. It's called a protest and its in like an outdoors watch and solar powered, and so it has the ability to operate for a certain amount of time on solar yeah. So if you have it exposed, it can function.

 

for a on solar, yell Ito like there's. The self waiting

such as where ya gotta wait in the watch and as you move your wrist, the weight moves from one side to the other and at what wines? The watch up. That's a pretty cool thing. Yeah,

yeah. But it's amazing that, like Rolex, is that it's all done mechanically GINO batteries, and there is no nothing you can do the same.

in queer little charger, that's based on risk movement, but really

and how much energy watches you know it's fucked up about that

We accept a certain manner like fuckers, with those watches. Like I brought my

watch I've, a rolex that my friend Lorenzo gave me and I brought it to the watch store

and I said this things always fast-

Sid? It's always like after a couple months like five minutes fast and they go yet.

Really is what it does hold on. I go.

you telling me that it just is always gonna be fast. There's a guy, it's like

 

every few months ago, a reset it seems like wish recalibrate that thing they can't they.

ride. They say every few months with its four months for five months or six months, gonna be a couple minutes fast. Ok,

seems like they should really recalibrate that vineyards initiates always decided in our delete. Those minutes, fucking kick down the door Rolex

which is a lazy, discover, amazingly and keep onerous watch with these tiny little game

It's amazing. I mean, though the whole luxury watch market is fascinating. I feel

I'm not that involved in it

I don't buy them- are bottom. Is gifts or non binding for myself when I look at them online with this million dollar watches out there. Now that are like they have

a little rotating moons and stars and they they live. They look at this

How to download J these

preposterous.

Like yours, I love them. I looked, I think, there's beautiful

 

but there's some of these people that is taken. It rightly asked thereby

He watches like seven fifty thousand dollars my girl, that's a time, Exxon,

nobody knows, it's not

a better than some Casio that you just by legally. That, though, what here's the thing

if your person that doesn't just want to know the time you want

craftsmanship. You wants

artisans touch you want,

Innovation in terms of like a person

Figuring out how gears and colleagues all line up perfectly to every time it

parents over its basically a second me. That's just this, this art to that that's great,

it's not just telling time they are like this.

Watch a lot, but if it got hit by a Rocco at sad Sis to watch the mass produce,

Thing that runs on some courts battery, but those things

 

this art. Yet no, I agree too beautiful yeah yeah blow it now.

there's something something amazing about it. It's because

represents the human. Creativity is not just that.

just electronic innovation,

there's something this is a person work in that death. You have watch on

now every used have what would happen. My boyfriend tells the time point, but

lose your phone. Do you went on shirt? Let me guess,

You are a no case guy, that's correct

I regard the ash

the grass Thyssen dealer Grass times in the last week, I marveled visibility to get through life that a case right

You know he takes his phone and he flipped cemeteries. Fingers like, like

 

a soldier would do it. His rifle is roles that China between his fingers. Marvellous. He says that

reason why they do it he said. Would you look

as someone who has rifle? What will they do that

They flippin around like that right, so that when it goes to drop, they haven't, enhance the catch quickly. Does what is phone you just flippity phone around.

I got that Mexico I was hoping it holds. Joint does do anything at all you just

how to hold its George story out there, but like try to put a joined their close it you put like one one blunt one that seems pretentious. You know, that's the idea behind it. I bought it. One thousand max jokes: I figure to be a good sized to hold joint or fraud,

 

Says that a joint posted a cigar yet now, ok,

marijuana in light of tobacco, ok says I push plot

upon your. How that I think I tried one once come on man and probably can't because Stockholm, I mean it's legal right to legal,

How does it work to people get upset at you? If you do certain things,

back and marijuana there. That's.

did the combination of tobacco marijuana. Wonderful first turned

do it by Charlie Murphy and then reignited by day, Chapelle plus Whisky, exactly

Bounces it up.

I also druggist grandfather, while its

 

the draw its a drug that gets a bad rap because you just have a little crate

little sip here and there and you see or inhibitions, relaxed and shows you true self, and hopefully your more joyous and friendly and happy and and everything the real worries

the people they can't handle it like. The real worry about people can handle.

Cars that go zero to sixty one point, nine seconds or anything

ever considered something that

Imagine if one day everyone has a car. That's

on the same at least technological standard as one of your cars and

one agrees that the small,

Thing to do is not just to have bumpers but

perhaps have some sort of a magnetic repellent device, something some.

Electro magnetic field

round the cars that has come,

has come close to each other the autumn?

 

clearer adequately de celebrate because magnets or something what I'm in our cars break, automatically break their yeah when they see things yes, but look of physical barriers.

The weather wheels were pretty well wheels, pretty well decelerated at one point, one to one point: two geez

that kind of thing is, you are concerned the one day all your cars would be on the road and then-

still be regular people

regular cars. Twenty thirty years from now, that'll get

the mix and be them the main problem yeah they fix or like there was a time of transition or their horses and gasoline cars on the road at the same time has been pretty where ah that'll be the worst yeah

 

I'm horses were tricky back in Manhattan. Had a three hundred thousand horses, they forgot like floor horse lives. Fifteen years, twenty thousand

says that governed at every day, however, every year should say every a tweet on horses office, three thousand was is, and a few near lifespan

Back in the gangs in New York days, that movie,

a lot of their horses. You needed a horse to move the horse wearing the prodigal retrieve pretty freaked out if they have to pay their debts.

Do you think they know what's going on

it is rather tired, pretty weird

now what about my dragon? This dead?

in a hoarse around and on a horse

do you ever get up and think about

your role,

in civilization, different, stop and think about your role in the culture cause me as a person never met you until today, when I think of you

 

I've always thought of. You has been this weirdos super inventor dude, who, just somehow another keeps coming up with new shit.

but does not a lot of you out there like everybody else, seems to be

Obviously you make a lot of money in a lot of people to make a lot of money. You like TAT, clock president right is a great clock. One gets one sure, ok done

like where things like this are this is the coolest is tt promotion. What is his TT studios too

Did she studios yeah?

gentlemen, who makes all this by hand? Yes, really cool. Let's study is filled with where devices

well get ready for another one?

son your way. You want a werewolf to hook up

one, a werewolf and one clock. Comin up! Do you

think about your role in the culture cause me as a person ever met you until today, of always

 

Did you like power has is greatest?

Inventing shit, I carry you

You keep coming up with all these new devices in what do you ever consider?

How on you like, I had a dream once

that there was a million teslas. Instead of like one Tesla, there was a million teslas, not justly the car but Niccolo, oh yeah, sure, and that in

his day. There was a million people like him who were

radically innovative. It was a weird dream.

was so strange and I've had it more once result in very rapid taken

Gee, innovation, that's for sure it's one of the only dreams. My life have had more than one time. Ok, like whereof, woke up and it's in the same dream. I mean the same dream and in

this dream, its nineteen fourteen nineteen fifties, but

Everyone is severely advance, there's flying glimpse with like Elsie DE screens in the side of him and everything's bizarre and strange, and it it stuck with me

 

for whatever obviously just stupid dream, but for whatever reason, all these years

stuck with me like it takes one man like Niccolo Tesla

to have more than a hundred inventions that were patent tripe mean he had some pretty great

Fucking amazing ideas. Yes, but there were slightly

in his day there was very few people like him is true. What if there is a million

what in ending the very quickly right

there's not a million Elon musk says one mother fucker. Do you think about? That

please try. Not, I dont think I don't think really want to be.

 

Well, what's the worst part about um people would like it that much, but they can't be. So that's why I'll take some superhero type shit. You know when my baby, spider man, sleep, tight and Gotham City. I hope he's out there doing his job is very hard to turn it off.

What's the hardest part, might sound great too if it means around. But what, if it doesn't turn off now,

I showed you, the isolation tank and you you ve, never experience that before. I think that could help you turn off a little bit just for the right yeah, just

you ve been asleep little bit of perspective,

magnesium that you get from the water as well. That makes you makes you sleep

because the waters absence alternate

but maybe some sort of strategy for

sacrificing your by allowed order, not sacrificing by enhancing your biological recovery time by.

 

Figuring out away, whether assume meditation or some other ways to shut off that that thing at night.

You must have a constant.

Stream of ideas, its run through your head, all the time again, text messages from checks now

I'm getting text messages for a manager and say what the hell are you doing smoking weed, zip at variance legal government approved. It's not. You know

I'm not a regular smoker of reed. How often smuggling almost never.

I mean is it I dont actually noticed any effect while they go

There was a time work. I think it was wrong dance for someone gave some buddhist monk bunch acid.

ok and ate it and have no effect on. I doubt that

 

I would say that too, but I've never met.

headed to the level that some of these people have, whether constantly meditating all day they don't have any material possessions and all of their energy is spent tranche.

If certain mindset, I would like to cynically deny that

I like the senegalese pages, fuck and think the same way. I do they just hang out with flip flops on make weird noises, but maybe now, as I know, a lot of people like weed and that's fine, but I don't find that it is very good for

productivity for you. But for me the ads didn't mean. I would imagine that for someone like you, it's not something you be Mala, cub coffee

You wanna european latte. Yes, quite the opposite of a cup of coffee. Would you like a cup of coffee in reverse

 

We do so, I'm saying you would like more more like will be beneficial to you would be like coffee I like to get things done like to use, for that is one of the hardest

things to do and I'll be useful when you say you'd like to get things done layer in terms of like what are they value? Satisfaction when you complete a project when something something that you invent comes to fruition, and you see people enjoying it that feeling yes doing something useful for other people that I like doing that's interesting for other people,

so that do you think that that is maybe the way you recognise that you have this unusual position in the culture weaken uniquely influence certain things

because of this

Many essentially have a gift right.

You with Ngos occurs, but I'm sure it's been.

 

You will, by many many years of discipline and learning

but you essentially have a gift and they

have this radical

creativity engine when it comes to innovation and technology like you're, just you're going

at a very high, our all the time. What is our lives and stuff

I don't know what would happen if I got into a sensor. Deprivation tank try cells will concerning

who running the engine with no resistance

That is not what it is, though. Maybe it's not maybe it's fine. I don't know how much I it tried.

Have you ever is founded experimental,

with meditation or anything. Yet what do you do?

 

I would have you done rather area, just sort of sit there and be quiet and then repeat some mantra which acts as a focal point. Its does still the mind it just don't mind, but I don't find myself

onto it frequently. Do you think that perhaps productivity is

may be more attractive to you,

the enlightenment,

or even the concept to whatever enlightenment means like what are you trying to achieve in your meditating? All tat we would

You it seems, like almost like there's a frantic this to your creativity that comes out of this. This burning furnace,

And fruit, in order for you to combat thing down, Katharine might have.

 

Throw too much water on it like a never ending explosion. I what is it like?

I try to explain it to a dumb person. Like me,.

What's going on here and never ending explosion,

constant ideas is bouncing around who Dan

So when everybody leaves since Ilan Centre

brush, his teeth, just bunch ideas, bounce around your head who all time

When did you realize that that's not the case of most people, I think one of us if I were sex or something I thought I was insane. Why do you think you're insane, because it is clear that people do not want their mind? Wasn't exe

 

voting with ideas also time they were in expressing it. They weren't talking about an old any realised by time we're five or six like oh they're, probably not

in getting this thing that I'm getting no interest strange? Who is like an strange

the strange, but did you feel demand

spider in like no

This is a weird thing that you really probably couldn't commiserate with with other people.

There were they wouldn't understand you have there wouldn't find out, because they might like put me away or something you sought that for second this, when you were little rewarded,

me away like when you were little use, others as well.

you thought is so radically different than the people around me if they find it

I got the stream come in there,

 

Yeah, it's only like virus ex do.

think this is like a mean, there's there's outliers, biologically.

You mean, there's people that are seven foot. Nine, as people of giant hands is people their eyes at twenty.

Fifteen vision is always outliers. You feel like you're caught this like you, ve got

some like on some weird.

Innovation, creativity,

sort of wave. That's very unusual! I keep you tapped into wins.

think of them that the various things even able accomplish in a very short amount of time and your car

Really doing this. That's a weird! Your weird person right, I agree Here-

what, if there's a million Ilan mosques or that would be.

 

we're very where whew yeah we prepared like real, where personally.

now, one of their main targets, the previous tuna,

I mean, I think, that's the case with a lot of folks yeah I mean

like my girls like twitter, useful things, maximize, probably futures good, making future exciting three or four too.

 

with your Tesla will try make things that people love is like not how things keep buying it. You really love that really give you joy, so rare, sir. I wish there were more things thus or try to,

Snake things that somebody love when you, when you think about many things that someone loves like do specifically think about like what things when

move people's experience like? What? What would change the way people interface with life that would make them.

More relaxed or more happy, you really think like when you

thinking about things like that that, like money, you're considerations, what we're gonna do that would help people.

don't be, they won't be able to figure out like like what are the sort of things that can be done to make the future better.

 

Like. So I think that a future where we are space bearing civilization and out there

the stars. This is very exciting. This makes me look forward to a future. Makes me want that future. In other things need to be things that make you look forward to waking up in the morning you wake up in the morning. You look forward to the day for

The future, a future where we are space bearing civilization another amongst other he was very exciting. That is a thing we want, whereas if fiend

We would not be a space, Frank civilization, but forever confined to earth. This would not be a good future. That would be very sad. I think

don't want to stop seizure of the just that the finite life

ban earth itself in the solar system itself that, even though it

promise me. I mean how many what we're, how long they feel like the sun and the solar systems exist, how many huh,

 

millions years. Well, it's probably if you're saying

When does the sun boil the ocean ripe about five hundred million years so

is. Is it sad that we never leave because an

I've got a million years. That happens. Is that what you're saying? No? I just think like this. There are two futures and one futurists were out there among the stars and things we read about and see in science fiction movies. The good ones are true: we have these starships and where we were going to see what other planets alike, where Molly Pennant species and the scope and scale of

 

consciousness, expanded the crust, many civilizations and many planets and many star systems. This is a great future. This is a wonderful thing to me: that's what we should strive for, but that's biological travel

that's cells travelling physically to another location.

Using those deftly where we're going. No yeah, I don't think so either I used to think so.

and now I'm thinkin more likely less than ever like

every day, less likely.

That's my go to the moon and Mars yeah.

Do you think we're all gonna die like belt and we're gonna lose Jupiter Saturn you get clearer

Debbie the craziest place ever if we colonise bars and retire formed and turned into like a big Jamaica.

 

This is, and I thought about it I mean imagine rate period as a great. It's perfect

there is an amazing. Alright, we turn the whole thing in Cancun. Well,

media overtime. I wouldn't be easy, video right, it's you could just won't. You could walk up yeah, I'm a big it at air, yes, water. There I mean overtime, move hundreds of millions of years, whatever takes Rubio multi planets. Mrs thirty amazing

you ve gotta species, doesn't always want to be like air conditioning sadder,

pro human me too,

I love humanity. I think it's great we're glad as row

but that you love human

SK as we love you too, and we know why it occurs and eat us and

you don't strangely, I think a lot of people don't like humanity and serious blight pray, do not buy. Think one of those that I think

Part of that is they ve been

they ve been struggling when people say

They associate the struggle with other people.

 

They never internalize problems, they looked other people is holding back and people socket fuck people- and it's just you, know

Evelyn, never ending cycle.

But not always again, most people are really good. Most people vast majority. This may sound

corny, it does sound quite openly. The answer is the answer. It is

It sounds quite because we're all scared, you know we're all scared of trial

love people being rejected. Are some

Taking advantage of you because you're trying to be loving her, what have we argued, just relax and love each other.

When her to have more love in the world,

Jeffrey, wouldn't hurt to be great. We do that yeah. I agree mad. Really.

How do you fix, I ever loved machine is now but probably

 

spend more time with your friends and less time on social media,

now deleting social media from your applications from your phones. They give you

temper samples to happiness was the way these percentages, I think probably some guy air could ten percent. I mean I mean, I think

Kept is twitter because I can. I need some means of getting a message out. You know about it. So far, so good

well, what's interesting, do you actually occasionally engage with people on twitter? Here

What percentage of that is a good idea? Good?

 

ten percent second tar? It's mostly, I think it's on balance, more good than bad weather is definitely some bad.

so do you ever. Hopefully, the good outweighs the bad. Do you ever think

How is the bleared feeling that you get me some says some shit you on twitter and you read it the weird feeling:

weird little negative jaw, Sech a subjective, negative

a lot of energy. They don't really need to absorb it. Do anywhere war fought the scar, fuck him

I mean there's a lot of negativity on Twitter. It is, but

weird it's in in its form, the way if you ingested, as if you're like a tribunal, scientist as your ingesting it

Well, we're is this:

even getting upset and some stuff

each person saying something mean to me some even accurate

 

in that there are vast number of negative comments, have asked for the vast majority, who I just ignore them the vast majority.

Every now and again it drawn in a good start, good, make mistakes

yes, you can make these techniques. We also mistakes were all human. We can make mistakes it

and people love it when you say something and you take it back, not fuck you, we saved it forever. Fuckin screenshot that shit bitch. You had that thought. You have that thought.

Wow, I deleted it.

good enough

We had the thought I'm better than you. I never had that thought you had that thought you piece of shit

look, I say, did put it on

a blog

your wife, you don't think that that any one would think that deleting it

we make them go away. The cycle of windows internet for a while

It's even like a thing: is they dont Brown or you to be able to delete it? Because,

 

the problem is, if you don't.

leader? I believe it anymore. It's really

To say hey that thing above.

I believe that anymore, I changed my mind.

the way you things yes, because people double fuck you are have that over there. I'm just take that America pay attention that shit. You wrote on its own. Your permanent drought, forever bright eyes out to destroy your permanent record, took a tattoo. You keep it

is this thing where this it's it's all. There is a lack of compassion, so lack of compassion issue, people just.

intentionally shitty to each other.

The time online and trying to catch it's their more trying to catch people, doing something

That's arrest, a ball like a cop travel. I get home

arrest son as his record, so they try to catch you

something more than there logically looking at it thinking it's a bad thing. You ve done or the

so an idea. They don't agree with. So much need insult. You try to catch. You. Dare

 

I mean it's ways are to be mean on

media than it is to be mean in person. Yes, ways you yeah. It's way.

Europe is not a normal way of human, interacting its churning.

was it interacts so easily, but people are not looking at yes,

You'd never do that you'd every some mean someone living in their eyes. If you did, you feel a shit, most people,

yeah lesser sociopath you'd feel terrible. Yes, either musk there's been a pleasure.

Yeah like what it's really has been spending an honor. Thank you for having me thanks for doing this cuz. I know you don't do a lot of long form stuff like this

But in weird you out and hope you don't get mad at you spoke with a bad sleep.

Where'd, California, the just as this whisk you have been drinkin exactly, does all get right, charities,

 

Thank you, sir. Any message you would like to put out other than loves the answer, because I think you really nailed it with that. I think you know. I think people should be nicer to each other and give people and give give more credit

others and don't assume that their mean until you know there actually mean just

It's easy to demonize people.

Usually wrong about it.

People are nicer than you think, give you one more credit

I could not agree more, and I want to thank you not just for other crazy

innovations you ve, come up with in your constant flow of ideas, but that you too

who's to spread. That idea, which is

it's it's very vulnerable, but it's

honest and it resonant me- and I believe it I believe, is true to say thank you,

 

you assholes out there be nice p bids

thank you, but I think a lot of it ready. Thank you very much

The plot gas-

Thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to the mother, fucking cash.

number one app in finance. Ladies and gentlemen, you can download.

For free the app store the Google play market and don't forget when you download the catch up, enter the reward code, Joe Rogan, all one word: you'll receive

Five dollars in the cash apples and five dollars to just in Rennes fight for the forgotten charity.

Thank you also to green. Keep me healthy bitch. I need it

I need your vitamins.

About your hustling, it's one of

the very best all in one whole food supplements. You can fuck and get the most complete whole food supplement. Seventy five,

all food source. Ingredients to keep your shit pump and smooth well and we're gonna. Give

 

Twenty free travel packs valued at ninety nine dollars. With your first purchase pedal,

to ask. Let dot com for its last Rogan and claim

special offer today, that's athletic greens, dot com, forts

Rogan go get a healthy on Google.

Also brought you last but not least, by on it a toe

No human optimization website go to an end. I t dot com use, the code, Word Rogan and save ten percent off any and all supplements, and if you're in Austin Texas, we have a legit

academy, a real state of the art, strength and conditioning facility with fantastic classes, including tenth planning

just and bang more, that's it

thanks my friends and will see a single loves. You bye, bye.

Hello friends, this episode, the podcast, is brought to you by Traeger grills Traeger grills is first of all it's a company that makes fantastic pellet grills. If you don't know what a pellet grill is there. Wood fired, grills that are, these pellets are made

sawdust with sawdust. If you're going to saw

up some cherry wood or some oak, they would compress that's

dust using the natural sugars of the wood, and it makes these little pellets and the pallets are fed through this

new and improved direct drive, drivetrain

in all operated through use through an app on

uh. Why fire controller- and you can cook with Just- would and FA

fire in a delicious way that they really control the temperature of these grills perfectly it's very stable. You can cook steak, you can

cook chicken, you can grill, you can bake, you can barbecue, there

 

super super adjustable and they have new grill

that just came out right now. The Ironwood tree

Ironwood was built from the ground up to elevate your craft, forge from commercial grade stainless steel, the IRA,

the Ironwood grill. It looks great and it cooks futuristically. It comes

loaded with a d2 direct drive train. This is their new, improved drivetrain.

Why fire controller, which is what you use with the application,

their new drivetrain. It has more power

or equals a hotter, faster grill cooks to temperature quicker, heats up to temperature, quicker, more flavor, which means more unbeatable wood, fired taste, a single piece, auger and built to last

brushless motor combines, with a variable speed fan, to bring you fast

startups, an and more precise temperatures. I'm a giant fan of these trade

 

grills and I love using the application. The application is it the app is so easy to

use you just download this Traeger grill app to your smartphone and

you can control all sorts of things control the temperature, the grill, the tap of a finger. You can monitor your food's internal temperature um with the ah the internal probe that sticks in there, and it tells you constantly what the temperature of the food

is right on your phone and you can raise and lower the heat. It's great. I love them. I'm a big fan of the way the food taste with it. It's just you

just natural wood and fire, and it gives

yeah delicious smoky flavor to the food that you cook on it. You can check out

new grills or find a local dealer at trigger grills dot com. Slash Joe

we're also brought to you by the cash app lays in general

 

cash app is the number one finance app in the app store and uh. It's a great it's a great app for a bunch of reasons. First of all, you can pay people back

the money. It's the easiest way to send and receive money. They could pay you back how about that. You could also buy and sell Bitcoin

super inexpensive and easy way to buy and sell Bitcoin very convenient on top of that. The cash app offers inst

discounts at some of your favorite places with the cash card. The cash card is the most powerful

debit card in the world and the only one with boosts a money, saving feature that you can't get anywhere else because the cash app invented it. You just select

boost in your cash app swipe the cash card and you will

save ten percent or more at whole foods, shake Shack, Taco Bell, Chick fil, a domino's and coffee shops across the country. The coffee shop boost is awesome. It takes a dollar off at any coffee shop. Every time you go to order.

 

So if you order three hundred cups of coffee a year, you save three hundred dollars with the cash app and includes Starbucks Coffee Bean Duncan. It's that simple. Every time you get a dollar off, download the cash app from the app store or the Google play

market order. The cash card today and when you download the cash app enter the referral code, Job

Logan, all one word: you will get five dollars, that's five, three dollars and better. Yet five dollars will also go to support our good friend, Justin Wren's fight for the forgotten charity, which is helping to build wells for the pygmies

and last but not least, were brought to you by Casper. Mattress is ooh, so comfy mattress is that are perfectly designed for Hume

when's engineered to soothe and cry.

Well, your natural geometry: you spend one th

 

word of your life sleeping so shouldn't you be comfortable. Casper brand match

is combined multiple supportive memory, foams for a quality sleep surface, with the right amounts of both sink and

const, designed developed and assemble

in the US, affordable prices, because Casper

cuts out the middleman. The middle person excuse me and sells direct

lead to the consumer, and how about

this no hassle returns. If you're not completely satisfied free shipping enrich

turns in the US and Canada, and you can be sure of your purchase with Casper's one hundred night risk free sleep on it trial. That's a confident. They are.

Let you sleep on that mattress for one hundred nights, that's a long time. It is in fact the

mattress that young Jamie rests his weary head on every night. You can

one hundred dollars towards select mattresses by visiting

 

casper dot com, Slash Rogan and using the promo code Rogan at checkout, that's casper, dot, com, Slash Rogan and the promo code. Rogan, for why

one hundred dollars towards select mattresses terms and

additions apply. My guest today

is

figure I enjoy his company. I enjoy talking to him, but I think anybody that's concern

live in this day and age is polarizing and he's definitely conservative, but

ah he's a kind man and a bright man and I always enjoy communicating with him. Please welcome Ben Shapiro, a job well done

 

experience trying my day Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day, yes, will live Ben Shapiro as gun did very good how's it going with you man, it's going. Well, I love. I love the new digs you haven't been here since you finished it over and I walked in. I thought to myself. I've been doing my business wrong. I mean you got what three employees yeah there's not that many folks working on this I mean so in my office, is we have like eighty and

our offices are not nearly this cool. So I'm going to go back to my office and fire everyone and then have your folks come in and design because I mean it's either lot of people or I could have cars in my office yeah. But you wouldn't

go down this route. You're, more of a conservative gentleman know myself, you

wearing a suit jacket, you're your own boss, nobody tells

had a dress, and yet you dress like a grown up yeah. You know. I won't pretend that nobody tells me how to dress. We have people who tell me how to dress. We have people who do my hair. Do you have all that stuff,

 

like fashion folks, may yeah yeah? I know because I used to I mean if you look at the old photos of me, I have like the Hitler here of got like the there. That's the only thing about me, the to Larry.

It was my old hair and I've got the hair that kind of comes down over the forehead and I still walk into the office wearing basically an undershirt every day, because I'm incredibly lazy when it comes to that stuff, but we should be able to yeah, I mean that's, that's the prerogative of being the boss, maybe you'd be more relatable. If you showed up wearing like flip flops and t shirt that kills my brand. Oh no. Does it like? What is your brand exact?

I thought was being an asshole, I think you're an asshole though thank you. I appreciate you're a very nice guy, you're, just conservative, that's the dirty little secret that yeah we're not supposed to not supposed to talk about that, but this is one of the things that bothers me so much about you being so misrepresented. When I read things about you, there was the article that were

is talking about the outright sage without the rage, they called you and your not even remotely alright. In fact, you were the leading tar

 

did of anti semitic abuse for all of two thousand, and sixteen, where you are learning to the Anti Defamation League, which is no ally in mind. So yeah I mean

not only am I not all right. I've spent the last four years, like legitimately, battling the all right talk

about how evil I think their ideology is how evil I think white supremacy is first of all like people with Yamaka is typically not the favorites of the all right

and then beyond that I mean, I think their ideology is legitimately a devastatingly awful twist on what western civilization is supposed to be was amazing is a review of my new book, and my new book has several sections and they're dedicated to how terrible the outright is, and then the interview they did with me doesn't talk about all right stuff at all, but they just assume I'm on the conservative

right. That must mean that I am out right and it's like no, you stupid problem with those labels. Their disingenuous people are labeling people in a very simple manner, to

 

try to categorize them as the enemy and instead of just addressing these points. Like I love watching your debates, where you do Q and a's with college students and with people in the audience, because you can see

you agree with you or disagree with you, you have well formulated ideas. This isn't just some bullshit you're spouting out spouting thought. You thought these things through doing

effort legitimately more than half my life, I'm thirty five and I started out of seventeen and I started writing a syndicated column at that point and when you

and you think, a lot of dumb stuff and then

you get older and you educate yourself and you spend a lot of time

reading a lot of time studying. Hopefully you have some cogent arguments after twenty years of doing anything, but the

demonization is pretty astonishing mean we had an on Andrew Yang he's the only democratic candidate who has agreed to go on the Sunday special that I do

 

a full hour on you be I it was perfectly nice. It was perfectly coherent and and and conciliatory, and yet people will suggest that everything I do is about destroying people. On the other hand, I because of all the Ben Shapiro destroys videos, and all that there's there are certain groups of people, were that's their schtick they're like they're goons right. They just go after

people online for attention. Yes, this is a stick. This is not you, and this is what bothers me so much and

now that you've said some things in the past, like particularly about Arabs and like when you were a younger man that you said, I shouldn't have said that yeah, that's exactly right. That's exactly right! Some of those things were taken out of context like that one particular tweet, which is a bad tweet, was a tweet that was part of a tweet threaten which has specific

contrast, Ing Israel and the Hamas leadership and saying that the israeli government likes to build on the Hamas leadership would prefer that their citizens live in sewage and bomb things, but that was a bad week obviously knew my entire history on muslim relations is

 

one like. I supported the ability of AL had a marked where he job. On the on the floor, I oppose President Trump's originally proposed Muslim down at in the last three

weeks. I've had on May she'd know wise. I've had on contact Med. I had on yesterday a reform Muslim like these are conversations that have to be had, but to take. This is one thing that bugs me so much I've.

If we did, I think one hundred and forty thousand times I've written millions of words, I'm sure you can find something I don't even remember having written. That is bad. I have a running list

the way I try to be honest about this, I'm one of the only people I know who has. I have a running list. It's called so here is a giant list of all the dumb stuff. I've ever done right and I actually go through all this. You can look it up. This is not me saying this now I mean you can go and look up all the things that I think I've done wrong and all that

Algiz for someone will say somewhere dumb and I'll, say some, I'm fine with and you're just taking out of context, but I mean, I hope, that's what honest people try to do. But this is the problem: you're not dealing with honest people

 

with when people try to categorize. You is all right or they're they're trying to put you into this category of internet goon, there'd date in they did quote tweet does taking some little

any phrase. You said

seven years ago and trying to say this is you this? Is you now it's so that's,

which is disingenuous thing to do. I hate it and I hate it across the

well. By the way I was a defender of James Gunn. I thought James Gunn should have been fired from guardians of the galaxy.

They were just dumb, jokes, that's exactly right, and even with somebody tweeted something bad like ten years ago. Bringing it up now is not an attempt to actually make the public space better and you're not actually offended by that thing. The person we did ten years ago, though,

didn't notice what it is that you want to get rid of this person or hurt this person's going to bring up something from ten years ago, and they were going to

club them into submission with him, because if you actually ask them there

anything about it, they might have a more nuanced view on what they said. Maybe they apologized and maybe they.

 

I don't remember, saying that right I mean I I felt the same way, but what I try to be consistent. I really do about about the stuff. I said the same thing

about, for example, Ralph Northam, the governor of Virginia, who is excoriated for having this terrible racist photo on his yearbook, page back in medical school in one thousand nine hundred and eighty seven and people are

well. This is evidence he's racist now is like well, no that's evidence that he was doing a racist thing. Then that's not evidence that he's racist. Now you sort of have to look over the broad course of his career and he ended up doing what everyone now does, which is you just don't apologize for anything you just try to pass it off as in nothing. The public space is actually getting worse, because let's say that you did something bad in the past they're a few human responses to. I did something. I don't like him past human response number one is you know what

I apologize. That was wrong these days. That gets your face. Step done right. You say I apologize. I was wrong, it means well, why did you do it in the first place because you're, a bad person? Apologies are not accepted and then

 

number two is your brazen it out. You do the trump. You know what I never did anything wrong ever I've never perfect right and that and then you get your defenders to come and surround you and then nothing ever gets cleansed or

opportunity. Number three: is you do what Barack Obama did, which is you come out preemptively and you try to remember

for all the bad stuff you do and then you confess it in public. So in dreams from my father, he says right when you know when I was back in high school, did a little boat okay, so you did cocaine when he was in high school. That's

that's cool, whereas if it comes out during the campaign right study, stoned right, then he's got, it he's got a real problem. The problem is that, right now, even if you preemptively come out and say I did something wrong like, for example, Liam Neeson

talking about years ago when he had a racist thought that he didn't act on, but he had a racist thought. This is now we're going to try and ruin your career for something that you admit was bad that you did thirty

years ago. We're gonna, try and run you over that. If you apologize for something that you did

thirty years ago, which you would have preferred just got forgotten 'cause, it was embarrassing and stupid. Then we say you're bad and so all your

 

so it is like the most shameless people in the world who are in the public space right. The incentive structure is to be deeply shameless to

say, yeah man, I own that, and it was great when I said-

or I didn't say it at all, and it was full of it. I never said that stuff, you know who's going to leave

your eyes are me and it makes

it makes for a really bad politics. Well, it's just this, the culture of going after people for things and finding any

thing to categorize them as someone who's a viable target. This is what I've seen the trust. Your way, it's like there's nothing wrong with being conservative, there's something wrong with wanting everyone to think the way. You think, though, this is the difference like you. Would you would you what I like that you do? Is you debate your points? You state your positions, you have a philosophy and what I don't like is when people try to put

 

that. That philosophy is some somewhat somehow hateful or somehow regressive, or something like that. You condemn people for their thoughts, you just

you don't. This is what not. When I see with you. I appreciate that and I appreciate the accuracy ex. I I think that's true. I mean I've come out against. Virtually every twitter band, including people who have personally targeted, may have come out against that, have come out against virtually every. Would you know what they're talking about that? We?

What are your thoughts about this idea of the platforming? And you know this is something

that we were just discussing before the podcast, where

the CEO of Youtube and Kara Swisher,

I am from Recode, I think terrace wisher. They were talking about removing you from you too, and I thought it was the ceo of you too, but it was actually Kero set. I would if I could yeah she has, because our son apparently listens to that's kind of funny,

 

if he's being funny saying I'd to it, but it was it would be. I thought it was the ceo of you to actually trying to my sister. She was trying to the same thing that they they do with you or with Dave Rubin, Jordan. Peterson, which is that anybody who is sort of heterodox, because in that group, I think I'm the only registered Republican ever anybody who's had

doctor is now being exported, docks, meaning just things differently from kind of the down the line. Democratic party platform you're not like down the line with Hillary yeah like SAM Harris, is a done.

Sam Harris is heterodox because he disagrees that Islam is, by necessity, a religion of peace, for example right or he thinks that we have to look at actual statistics in order to make evidentiary base points about discrimination in disparity, and this makes him an enemy of people like as recline inbox dot com. Read that this sort of stuff. They then say that your feet are for white supremacy and they they they can actually get you on what you say yes turns into well. You know some members of your on.

 

Let's do things that are really bad. Is it well dude? I have like millions of people who are members of my audience. I have five million facebook followers. I have two million on Twitter and your way bigger than I am. I assume that some of those people are going to be crazy,

yeah. I would assume yeah the idea that you respect well. This is what you

we try to do. You know about the comment thing where the Youtube was going to try to make people responsible for the comments in their videos which

what is a normal Jamie, normal video, that we get. How many comments is it? Yet? I don't like ten thousand- that's like of average one

fuck supposed to have some dude with his

your fingers, standing by in front of a keyboard just waiting for something offensive to pop up, and this was in

response to something that happened with them, where there was pedophiles who were watching videos of children doing things,

and they were commenting stuff in the you know like that. Children's gymnastics and stuff like that there were commenting and and like

 

beginning with each other through the comments, and it was sort of discovered that there was this connect

and they were doing this in many many videos Youtube rightly panic they like

today we to stop this. So the response, I guess was we just have to make people responsible for their comma.

Someone said: oh yeah, good idea. I didn't think through it all right in certain people that

can't do that. It's totally insane and it's insane and in virtually every respect and it's funny how it's only applied kind of by the media on ones.

The I also need to take an example. Congressional baseball shooting happens a couple years ago. Guy happens to be a Bernie fan is that Bernie Sanders is fault right. No, that is not Bernie's sanders. Is that went away right, literally people stop talking about in it, and that was shooting of legislators like all the people, yeah

one nearly died and that kind of went away. We don't talk about Bernie's responsibility, but

there's a shooting in Christchurch and it's Jordan Peterson's fault.

 

It has no relationship with the shooter whatsoever. It's my fault. I have no relationship with the shooter and denounce everything that that piece of crap stands for and suddenly is it's it's really ugly and it's gonna it. It will come home to roost. I mean here's. What's going to happen. Is Facebook and Youtube are gonna fall prey to their own

standards because of their standard? Is that you're responsible for your followers or I'm responsible for my followers or Jordan or anybody else is responsible for all the people who view their stuff? Okay, then, why isn't facebook responsible for all the people posting on its platform if they are right, a facebook becomes responsible for all the people posting on its platform, they'll be bankrupt in a week. They've got a problem

I do because they have to decide whether their platform or whether they are a do gooder publication yeah. I I run and I run a a publication daily where it's open the conservative. We make no bones about that and we are responsible for the content that appears on our platform

 

and if we say something to FAM, Atory will be sued. If we say something that is false, then we will be sued. Presumably, if you post something falls on Facebook, Facebook doesn't get sued, but now Facebook is deemed itself the morality, police and they'll ban

people they don't like and mold inside what editorially ought to be elevated and what ought not to be elevated. Does that sound more like the phone company to you, or is that

more, like my website, where I decide what gets published and what doesn't right, because Facebook's case for exemption from these laws is what we're like the phone

funny right when you're on the phone with somebody. If that person says something criminal, a t and t isn't responsible for the person saying something: criminal or terrible. It's just the phone company, but Facebook isn't doing that. Facebook is jumping into the middle of conversations

and then saying. Well we don't really like this conversation, so we're just going to kind of shut it down, not because of legal threat, but because we just don't like it,

 

they actually doing that. Would you say if you put a post up on Facebook and they don't like the way you worded things or describe things where they actually shut down your post? What will they do so they've done it in the past to some conservative public is pretty controversy

because they're not transparent at all. I can tell you that the beginning of two thousand and eighteen we lost about thirty five percent of our traffic, because Facebook started cracking down on mostly can

motive sites. They said that it was kind of news sites generally, but that's not what the statistics showed they're doing it more often with things that we all sort of agree are bad right. We all agree. White soup,

Missy is bad. White nationalism is bad. Now they say they're gonna sensor that stuff, but here's Ryman comfortable. I think that that stuff is awful and evil, and I think those people are the ones are the rich they're. The reason I have personal security, but once you get into the business of Facebook, gets to decide which speech is good and which features bad they're an editor.

 

You know their editor, even if I agree with their assessment of what stuff is good and what is bad. I am not comfortable with them in the driver seat there, and if they are going to be in the driver seat, then they should be held liable for all the stuff. That's on their platform. Why is it twitter same thing right? Why is it that Lewis, Farah Khan, is still on that platform, but Alex Jones?

It's not like. I don't like Alex Jones Material and I've been very, very critical of Alex Jones. I didn't think you could get banned from twitch

and he actually violated the law and less. He was responsible for a violent threat and less used if amatory or something their death.

Only going down this road of being the moral arbitrators there they're the ones

you get to decide what the conversations are.

That's an insane responsibility, the responsibility of getting to dictate what should and should not be discussed and to have it be a hand, few full of people and have these people almost almost six,

 

usually live in the Pacific North of San Francisco that whole tech community mean it's all tech liberals who really, if you're around those people

they live in. This really strange, uber, wealthy bubble of

super genius spectrum, people who

coders and super

capitalists and people that are raising money all over the place and designing technology, and they have an ideology and it's not

really a bad one. Just just being

are honest and up front about what it is. It's a sick, credibly progressive, which is very unusual for big business right for big business, to be just open,

only transparently, progressive and pushing social justice very unusual.

I think that there is a sort of misunderstanding of when we say what big business is, what big businesses. So I think that there's a wide variety of owners of businesses and how they think about politics, obviously bill gates to progress,

 

but I warn buffets progressive guy. They are now.

I was ill bill gates of his whole life for what was ruthless with Microsoft about so I think that they're a lot of p at listen. I think that that the vast majority think Mark Zuckerberg is

flys with progressive. I think Jack Dorsey is as ruthless as the next guy. When it comes to profit, I mean he's still got to be answerable to our shareholders. I think I think a lot of the progressivism is sort of ah way to excuse your own in your own involvement in the capitalist

market. Facebook took off, don't be evil. That was their thing

more people to decide to remove that Google right, say Facebook. I'm sorry, Google yeah, when Google did that. I met Google, but it's funny when you

think something but you're saying and when they did that

like, why would you ever take off? Don't be evil like cheap that? But here's the thing, here's my thing. I think that if our tech companies were honest, they should take that stuff off like stop pretending. You're do Gooding you're not do good and you're providing a platform, and maybe the platform is the good right in a capital

 

economy. The product that you provide is the good. I don't need additional good to come from your product right. If you want to provide me a solid morning, drink right

need your politics. Along with that, I just need to drink.

I want to social media company. I don't give two craps about what Mark Zuckerberg thinks about politics. Dude hasn't studied it. I don't care at all

what Jack Dorsey, who vacations in Malaysia and gets bitten by

million mosquitoes, while meditating has to say

 

the nature of life like what? Why do I care about Jack Dorsey's, political, you? He has provided me a good. The good is this basic chat room where I'm consuming it, how bout that would just be enough, but it's not enough for a lot of these folks. It's it's the the kind of who we from Silicon Valley. We're gonna, pretend that we're here to do good, and it's not enough just to acknowledge that. Maybe the thing that you provided is the good like bill gates. Yes has done more good with Microsoft, then he has done with any of the charities he's in a lot of money to charity, but Microsoft has provided legitimately hundreds of thousands of jobs and created enormously productive lines of business and made in nor

this profit for a lot of people want people have stock in Microsoft as a general as a basic, factual thing, he has done more good doing that than giving tens of millions of dollars to various outside causes. So it feels like a lot of the progressivism in corporate halls in Silicon Valley is by for Kate id mentally. It's like people have like dolphins is one side of the

 

rain on at a time. Here's my capitalist side, where I go out and make money and profit, and then here's my other side, where I show people what a great person I am by proclaiming the time for Bernie Sanders,

well parking my money off shore to make sure that there it's shielded from that from the tax man yeah. Well, that's a good assessment from what I'm saying is that the the don't be evil thing like what one of things that I thought was a what if that was like a legal decision of me being cynical, they were pulled into some sort of an office and said if we say don't be evil

and you take someone off the platform you're, accusing them of evil. So I mean that we should slow that down. Maybe I mean again this this. This self assessment of you are the moral police

and I really troubling it's so funny, I'm I'm! Supposing more or less right right, I'm I'm the religious guy, I'm the Orthodox Jew right. I talk about social standards and how people should behave in their personal life when it comes to government- and it comes

 

to me imposing my views on you. I am way less of a top down tyrant than any of the people in Silicon Valley. I am not here to tell you that you are not allowed to be on a platform, because we disagree. It's one thing: if you're threatening violence, which is an actual violation of law, but this crap, where people like me, because I believe in a social fabric built on certain judeo christian values, but I'm not forcing you to be part of that and I'm not. I don't think the government should compel you to be a part of that when I'm the tyrant, but the person who sits in

twitter or Facebook, who is saying that they get to police what you see and they're going to nudge you in the right direction. Now did you in the right direction, without your consent, without them even telling them what you're doing right that they're, just they're gonna push you a little bit because

they know better than you and they can sort of massage you in a better views. If we control your channels of information, this is something the Obama administration,

a fine of there's, a a scholar in CASS Sunstein. As a legal scholar, he wrote a book called, not choose very famous. It was. It was used a sword, a handbook during the Obama administration and the ideas. Well, if we can just use a non for

 

simple means, sort of nudge people in a particular direction, without them, even knowing that are being nudged, then shouldn't we do that, and I think no, you shouldn't you shouldn't,

because transparency is the only way I can tell what kind of bullshit you trying to sell me will not just that you

you're closing down even conversation if soon as you

trying to silence this other voice, if you believe one thing, another person believe that different thing, you should probably talk about it

and the way. The way that I know for sure, there's something wrong with your argument is: if what you're trying to do, is your

sneakily trying to silence these voices and again as long as we're not talking about threats of violence as long

we're not talking about harassment or doxing right we're just talking about conversation, you just talking about people with different point.

If you, if you want to silence differing points of view, I have to wonder about your intent. I have to wonder about whether you're going into this conversation with good

 

wait. I have to wonder whether you've really objectively assessed whether or not you your argument does hold up against scrutiny.

This is also part of the problem and when you're in an echo chamber, you often don't formulate these arguments very well like when you confront people about certain bias believes that they have and you you have a an opposing believe if there

part of a bubble like sometimes they might not have even ever considered some of the things you have to say, I've seen that with some of your videos yeah I mean it does happen all the time and with sophisticated people or I've spent my entire life literally

and her life in areas where everyone disagrees with me, yeah I grew up in LA I went to Harvard LAW School for three years as an

Cambridge, where everyone disagreed with me, and then I came back to LA so I have never spent more than a week at a time in a red state.

Good is of your concern,

values move

one way or another of the I mean I did it all my personal, my probably values shifted very much, but my political values have shifted libertarian I mean so. I used to be

 

point of criminalization of marijuana. I'm no longer I've been in favor would change for you a couple of things. One was just a general sense of the government sucks at everything and the more I see the government tried to crack down on things. The more prevalent it becomes. I mean people were dealing pot on my

sixth grade seventh grade playground in public school has obviously like la yeah, exactly and and then terrible, just a general, a general per

exception. Not only the government sucks at everything, but that you got to own your own

actions and also examine more of the evidence about the impact of pot on people's lives and

there's you running your own life through use of drugs and there's drugs that legitimately ruin other people's lives or their drugs. That remove your ability to even reason or think. I think there

two reasons to criminalize drugs in any fashion. One is if there are drugs like, for example, PCP that legitimately make you violent and then

 

we're going out and committing acts of violence against people. Then there's a case or, if you're talking about a drug where it legitimately robs you of your capacity to reason. If you were a heroin, if you were able to actually crack down on it successfully, but even there, I'm not sure that the proper government solution is criminalization because we've criminalized it and

it's still incredibly prevalent so yeah. I agree with you. I agree with on that, and I agree with you in terms of drugs being extreme

only detrimental, and the other part is that there is comparable drugs that are legal like incomparable drugs, meaning

not even really comparable drugs that are far more devastating. Like alcohol like you, could just go to any grocery store

and buy a jug of whiskey and kill yourself with it. It's not difficult

and just like, we have one on the books already that prevent externalities. If you drive high, it's the same as driving drunk, so I'm not sure that you need

a laws to do

 

and also you know, I'm not opposed to zoning laws like I don't think a pot shop should open up right next to my house right there, residential zoning, that's fine same with liquor stores, though right. I don't want a liquor store right next to my house.

This correct is so I become liberty

in some ways on that sort of stuff. The same thing is true by the way when it comes to the issue of same sex, marriage. So on a personal

oral level, I'm opposed to same sex marriage in an orthodox Jew, and I believe that a man and a woman were made for each other. When it comes to government involvement, I don't think that's anybody's business. I think a lot of things I think adultery is bad too. I don't think the government ought to be

involved in adultery. I I I'm I'm so strict. I don't think premarital sex is a good thing right. I I've been very vocal about this. I was a virgin until I was married. My wife is a virgin until she was married. I think that's a good thing, so I think the government has anything to do with any of those things.

No, I don't. I don't think it's any of the government's business. It's consensual activity there are no externalities. So what exactly is the government getting involved in an when the government gets involved in stuff? Then there are externalities right once the government starts to cram down its vision on,

 

then you start to get unintended externality. So, for example, with the with the legalization, my view on marriage is that the government should get completely out of business. I don't think the government should be involved in straight marriage. I don't think should be involved in gay marriage. I think that uh

and should be out. I agree one hundred percent and the reason that I say that is because, as a religious person who believes in traditional marriage, I have two. I have two marriage certificates. I have the one from the state that I don't give two craps about its bear

somewhere. My garage and I have never leave my religious marriage certificate, which meant, among other things, that I got to stop my wife right. I mean like this is the one that matter to me and I think that's true. For most religious,

all the religious ceremony matters a lot more than the state saying a thing and the state isn't incentivizing marriage people aren't getting married, wasn't like yeah. I need the tax break. So that's a bunch of nonsense and once the government decides what version of marriage wants to push that then comes into conflict with other values. So, for example, once the state of California decides that same so,

 

marriage is on legal par with heterosexual marriage. Now I'm worried about the externality of I have a religious day school or I have my synagogue. My synagogue is a religious institution. It doesn't approve of same sex. Marriage.

Now is the government going to come in and tell my synagogue how it ought to act with regard to same sex? Marriage? I don't think that's the government's business, so how about this? How about

everybody gets to do basically what they want associate with whom they want, and it's none of the government's business. That seems like a pretty good happy medium. I I'm so glad you talked about the two things

I want to talk to you about that. I'm sure we disagree, one,

I'm being marijuana and the other one being gay people marry each other.

So, let's start with the marijuana one, do you think marijuana

the Ruins people's lives? Is it's? What is that? One of your contentions? I think that it can

and I think in the same way, you ever have any experience with marijuana. No I'm just talking about the I'm just talking about the statistical over use of marijuana among teenagers does have detrimental brain effects that have some long term. After effect,

 

it's pretty proven, and that's one of the things that I really I'm glad you said that, because I wanted to cover that when you were in the middle of a rant, when we were joking around about six and seventh graders selling pot, don't smoke pot when you're young, you really should it's not good for the development of your brain same thing with drinking.

You know I didn't smoke a lot of pot when I was a kid, I did it a handful of times until I was thirty years old, but I did drink a bunch of times when I was young and in high school and it's terrible for brain development, especially before you're twenty five, your your frontal cortex, hasn't fully formed. Your frontal lobe is like this. It za develop.

I think there was an article recently that I posted from BBC. They were saying that you probably shouldn't be considered an adult until you're thirty right there saying brain development doesn't even stop until you're twenty six or twenty, and this is why, when people are saying, let's, let's lower the voting age, sixteen I'm like what the what the fuck are you talking about in the world. When I was sixteen, I was a champ, I mean really. I was a chip in a high school now. The

 

problem that I have with many people's perceptions on marijuana is that it's based on ignorance, meaning not no personal experience with you, know and

listen I'll admit I've. I've know personally know unit on it. So I know you don't I'm not speak, probably should get high. That's from trying to sign man. I seen the affects on on stock prices. When people get

in the S, they don't jump up, jump down for a little bit of a bunch of chickens, jump off the boat, then they come right back up.

Marijuana thing is, in my opinion, it's another one of those things where people have this, this cat

regularised box that they like to put Mary

wanna users in like this is the cat,

a lazy, stoners stupid delusion all it's too widespread. For that I mean there. There are people, I know. Are doctors who yeah so well. There's a digit to community is a a big one. There is a giant percentage of the g two community. It does Ju Jitsu high.

They have competitions competition tomorrow party. It's not me,

 

I'm telling you because it's not what people think it is if you've never

smoke marijuana. This is going to be a very difficult thing to grasp, but Mary

enhances Jiu Jitsu because it eliminates the rest of the world when you

we're rolling with

rolling is like say if you and Jamie are going to have a sparring match that would be rolling like it slap hands and then you go and you

trying to show cam and he's trying to get you in an arm bar and you're going after it. When you do that

on marijuana, it's like you, don't think of anything else

in those movements, and it becomes like this very

intense meditation in violence like you, it's not violent in terms of most of time. You don't really even get hurt. He's like you get to the point like one of your for things, budgets whose you can grab, hold someone and choked him to the point where they're going to go to sleep and you would kill them if you can

going and they tap around your friends again and everybody is cool and you try to do it to me and I try to do it to you and you really can do it

 

reasonably hard without people getting hurt when it happens every day, all throughout the world allow these people are high and they're doing this

jitsu practice in this almost like trends.

It's a trick, suspension state. If you can function when you're using marijuana, I don't care, but you-

and this is one of our perceptions- are off so I mean I would

there's a small subset of the population for whom that's not true right, who are over using

one, yes and and that's probably the majority in fact, okay. So so, then you know, but

it's the same way with food. I agree. So

I don't think there's anything we disagree about here, because I'm not talking about criminalizing marijuana use, but I think that we should honestly discuss the evidence that, for a

subset of the population, there is some evidence that marijuana is addicting, but it's a subset. It's not

buddy who's on marijuana. The vast majority of people on marijuana are not addicted to marijuana.

 

In the same way the alcohol industry about call as well. It is there's people that are going to be addicted to almost anything, and I think, there's there's absolutely people that are addicted to sugar, this, for short people that are addicted to

nicotine and alcohol, and all these things we let people have the material addicts.

This is marijuana is not comparable to opioids, though, for it it's not

incomparable to alcohol or nicotine. It's it's of scene

to be very rare when people become physically addicted to it extremely rare, and what

it's common, though, is abuse, and it's common

in everything that human beings consume. It's uh.

This is common, as we said, with food, certainly comma, without

call it certainly comma with pills, and this is why you know. I really believe that the way to solve some of the

problems is a social fabric problem like in parenting problem, it's a social fabric problem to personal choice, problem. Yes, that's why virtually every solution I suggested so funny. I'm constantly can

 

it was like me who are libertarian leaning, are constantly accused of being non compassionate? No, it's just our compassionate solutions. Don't involve the use of government, it's like we're going to encourage people to make better decisions with their lives, and if you choose not to do that, it's a free country.

Well, you know coming from religious background. You have this community that reinforces this kind of behavior and thought, and I think that's one of the major really one of the best benefits religion. Yet is that moral fabric in that community, the sense of community even selling, once like Mormons you know, they're they're, the nicest

folks right, the believe, something that is fucking patently insane. If you go and read the Joseph Smith text,

one thousand eight hundred and twenty was fourteen years old, the shit that he wrote like

 

I tried, and what into doctrinal insanity I we're only had all day Williams. I was going to get to that yeah, but you know what with that said, I mean Alexis De Tocqueville talked about this. You know early on in the American Republic. The idea is that what makes America very different is the idea you don't need. A big government when you do have a support of social fabric oriental feel like they're least oriented toward a common goal. It's one of the problems that I think we have in the country right now. I'm not sure people are oriented toward even a common sense of of conversation. Mmhm I mean it's, you don't have to agree on on everything in order to have a common sense of the

important values that that unify the country or show yes- and I always you SAM Harris is sort of my, but no are here because he's obviously a militant atheist, I'm I'm in equally in in equally strong believer, and yet when it comes to the things that we would like to see happen in the country, not a government policy

 

level, but let's have a conversation level and discuss an evidence level we're on the same page. There are certain core assumptions you have to make in order for that to happen in my argument that America and the w is that those core assumptions are built on judeo christian foundations. Sam's core argument seems to be that they're built on evolutionary biology.

We did for a little bit there um. I don't want to let this marijuana think go. Do you want one of things that I wanted to bring up to? You was this idea that, if you're religious person, don't you think that there's certain things that maybe God put

here for us to consume, to change your perspective,

to allow you to reach new levels of consciousness. Don't you think it's entirely possible that some of these things that are here- and I know you haven't experience, but

they might literally have been put there by God and there's some evidence to say that a lot of the text from the Bible that in particular

there was a thing. It was the Universe

 

City of TEL Aviv

somewhere in Jerusalem or these scholars were they were true

trying to decipher what it

net when Moses encountered the burning bush and they believe that

may have been the occasion tree, which is very rich and dimethyl trip to me, which is a psychedelic substance that actually that the brain produces it's very common in plants, and they think that this might have been when he met God, and God was a burning bush that this might have

been some crude translation of them being involved in some sort of a psychedelic experience. Now it sounds

outlandish unless you've had that psychedelic experience and when you have, you very well could think that you were in a conversation with God. This is

on earth and this is something that may very well have been lost. Information, or this may very well have been rituals that people participated in to bring

 

and closer together and to reinforce that sense of community that you do get from a church and you do get from a group of people that she

more beliefs and values and there's a there's, a real good discussion that a lot of these experiences that became these religious doctrines came from so

experiences now, as someone who's never experienced that before I know this is probably a very strange thing to try to uh

wrap your head around it's. It is in

Byerly Alien until you experience it, but it might very well be religious. I mean I've heard that from other people who have

been who've used, those kinds of museum actually made this argument to me too, about use of psychedelics and any maybe

may not again. I apples well, okay. So there is argument, I'm I will say I'm not super fund of the argument. The God made something and therefore it's ours to use- or I mean like I keep kosher- rightly right- maintains underneath him. So so I I am not a huge fan of the argument that, because something is here

 

or because in urges natural, therefore we ought to imbibe or therefore we ought to participate in a particular activity. One of the things that I, that I'm very big

and I'm not I'm a rationalist when it comes to religion as much as you can be a rationalist with red religion, to the extent that I think that it's up to us to use our reasonable faculties to determine the proper use of things so, which is why you shouldn't over used,

even if you're going to use drugs for this is part of the problem making things illegal. You make things illegal, then you re,

I don't know what it is

is or how it affects the body or what's the right dose or the wrong dose, and then people get involved these terrible situations where

taking things they're. Just guessing I mean there's for that, but it's also true that on a social level, I'm not talking about legal, because we totally agree on legal level on on the social level. There's a couple things that are true of, for example, the orthodox jewish community low rates of addiction, because people

have that social fabric. They don't feel the necessity. Also, as you say, substance

 

use in moderation can actually be quite a good things to lower rates of alcoholism in the jewish community. In part of that is the fact that you are getting Kish wine from the time your kit, right, I mean you, act right, our artistic with time, yeah, it's d stigmatized in the idea, is that in its proper context, this could be a a good thing rise. So I'll admit, I don't know enough about the proper context of marijuana. To know, when

would be a quote, unquote, good thing, and so you can and be a good thing. This is what I'm telling you and also you know. I don't know the truth.

I don't enjoy drinking right, I'm not I'm not a drinker,

I don't enjoy. I I like reality I like living in reality. You know like experiencing it totally sober, so I've never really felt the the urge to to do

any of that stuff. I hear the pitch. I hear the pension, but I've never really felt the interior

dire need it. I completely understand that. I think that what we're dealing with, though, is perceptions that have been molded by laws that were shaped by tyrants. That's what I think I mean again: that's totally possible implausible

 

and a mess. It's historically accurate. I mean when it comes to probation probation with alcohol, didn't work. Plot probation with drugs is just making the cartels bay.

Here, it's causing more problems with organized crime on a practical level, whether you like drugs or don't like drugs government interventionism is generally a giant fail. I think our perceptions of what is good for you and is bad, for you is also based on laws that the government created ignorantly. These sweeping psychedelic act of one thousand nine hundred and seventy, which made virtually everything psychedelic that they could. They missed a few things, few things

to the crack, but all of the tryptamines and or most of them

I been lsd. All that stuff was made completely illegal by people really didn't even

what it was. A lot of. That is why we based our ideas of what's good or bad for you. It's

 

based on what is legal and what and well all the other people have done with it on on this area. I'll admit not only complete experience deliverance but complete evidentiary ignorance. I haven't examined the evidence. I really don't have strong opinions on any of this. I think it's one of the bridges that we all could use between conserve

have thought in liberal thought, particularly for people that are dying. It's one of the

things at Johns Hopkins found and there's been other studies done and there's been therapy done on people that are dying of terminal diseases and they give them psilocybin and

they give them these mushroom trips. They have these beautiful experiences with a completely accept death, and it's almost a universal reaction to it did did like the the amount of people to still experience a positive benefit months and months after the experience, while they're dying the date they say this was

 

an incredibly moving and powerful moment in my life. That allowed me to accept the fact that my time here is done, I mean listen. If that's something that works for people and that's what it's designed to do.

I don't know because it's designed well, it is the right God. Well, if I get literally, might that that's fine, I mean, I think, there's also the generalized religious counter argument that there are no short cuts to it. No, no short cuts to to happiness.

So, let's, let's pose this sort of thought experiment. I don't think this is the question right. I mean like let's say that I could guarantee you that tomorrow, you're going to be

happier person- all you have to do is take this regimen of of drugs that you're going to take every day, and it's going to make you a happier person a more well rounded person but is going to permanently change your brain chemistry. Is that something that you think is good or is it something you think is bad

is from religious perspective? There is an argument to be made that these are. This is work you need to do on yourself without outside aid, if possible. If there's cases where you can, then you can but

 

yeah. You know turns interesting thought experiment terms. We kind of had a line about that. He said that there was a joke about. There was a monk and he met Buddha, 'cause Buddha came to town and he said Buddha. He wanted to impress him. He said I've practiced a city of

invitation, and I have done this for ten years and now I can walk on water and the Buddha says, put the fairies. Only a nickel.

What do you fucking waste? Your time like you? Can aid the progression rapidly with psychedelic drugs, and this is something

you know: do you know about maps and their work with MDMA and soldiers that have had PTSD not too much? Now, it's phenomenal

by giving these soldiers M d M a therapy, meaning they give them M d M a which is essentially what people think of his ecstasy, the street. They give them Pew

MDMA and then they assist them with they. They actually have a psychologist, sit with them a therapist

 

and they go over all these details of these traumatic events and they come to peace with everything and they've had profound benefits for

US soldiers and for it we are some combat journalists, different people that have been over there and experienced you know the horrors of war and and just general PTSD, maybe for people who've experienced

silence, attacks that is shown to be one of the very best things we've ever discovered for helping people get paid.

Here's to me and I'm thing about this on the fly, because this is stuff I think about very much. But it's there's a complex moral equation to the extent that if you're talking about somebody who has PTSD, somebody has a condition and the only way to help that condition is to use these drugs. I've never had a problem with any of that stuff. Right I mean I've. My grandfather was schizophrenic and by may be bipolar, maybe schizophrenic. The diagnosis not exactly clear. They prescribed him lithium made him. A lot

 

would have been better off struggling with a schizophrenic, of course, not it much better that he should have let the and then be able to live in his rational mind. So when there's a problem using drugs to get past it and and work with, it is a good thing. You do run the risk of the sort of brave new world

situation where you have a group of people who have a certain level of ersatz

I mean is that is not driven by a point of view, but more by just the these chemicals in their their body. The chemicals affect two point of law. That is a hundred percent for him, but it

are you evil, Harare talks about. Maybe this is the future right. He talks about the idea that maybe the future is we just drug ourselves until we're happy, basically more that happiness is the drugs, because, if you're, a scientific materialist, that's what it is happiness is just a bunch of chemicals flowing throughout your body. So if you can bring them in without self change, but I do wonder whether that rubs people of a certain

 

love purpose that that the struggle is part of being human. I think we're changing what it is to be human just by carrying around phones- and just I mean that's, that's true, but I think that that's again, one of the things that I think makes being a human worthwhile

is the idea that you are struggling like. I think I think the struggle is actually meaningful and

that's why religions tend to set prophylactic rules, sometimes for good and sometimes for ill. So, for example, I I am addicted. I thought I mean there's no question right. It's it's in my hand, all the time, and but from Friday night to Saturday night, it's off. I can't look at it and for men from looking at it, and this breaks the cycle at least for one day a week and that's a good thing that makes me better as a human being is a limit I set for myself and then a limit that I abide by

and if you believe in in self mastery, what what is the happy medium between self mastery and I need a little bit of a and I think that there there is a happy medium there, but I'm not sure that that your drugs are the answer to that.

 

I think you're suggesting drugs are no, I'm not suggesting that, and I think, there's also a problem with the word drugs, the that the eat every

things under that blanket in that blanket can be entirely negative or extremely positive and in order to generic, but I know, but there is a proper use it to not accusing you, but that term it's a problem. It's a problem. Term B

is what these are: are substances that are psychoactive and some of 'em

be extremely beneficial, and some of them have short term experiences. That last with long term results- and I don't

think that there's is enough knowledge that I don't think the people that are negative against it-

have experienced enough of it or have looked at it in an object,

active rational way, because I think it's something that could be here to a perspective, the give people a

chance to think outside of their normal condition

 

and way of thinking that might have been established by their community or by their church by their neighborhood whatever. It is sometimes in little bit of a break

a little bit of a a mental break. From what your experience in the in the the vibration that you exist on almost every day to separate from that and to get a look,

get it from the outside. Sometimes it allows you to have renewed perspective that can enhance your life greatly as long as when people re engaged

re engaging in the level of disappoint thing, and this is what we share you and I are both discipline people and it's one of the things I really respect about

you're very hard worker you're, always on the ball, you're very disciplined.

I know that a lot of conservative people admire that and they Mayer that in folks and they think that people who are liberal or not discipline, they think that they're lazy. It falls into this like week,

 

beta male sort of Cara, gory of people that are progressive and liberal, and I think that's, I think, that's a misunderstanding. I think you guys you and I both agree- that the struggle is very important, but I'd struck

Google physically, so that I don't have to struggle mentally. I struggle physically so that

I can have a better way of looking at things with less stress. So we have this shared belief that things should be a struggle. My I forced my

struggle on myself so that I could have a better perspective, and this is something that you and I differ on like. I think you exercise right yeah. How often you do try to every day. Yeah

makes a big deal. Yeah, it's it's! A it's! A cast is a huge deal. Yeah I mean, I think you we. We both understand that struggle is a it's

an important part of understanding yourself. If you do not push yourself, if you do not struggle you're not going to really go,

 

who you are, what your boundaries are and if you're self indulgent, if every day are stuffing things in your face that you want to like it's good to have a rule like hey for this next month, you can eat this or you can

do that or I want you to start fasting sixteen hours a day. Is it that hard just eat for eight hours a day and fast for sixteen, but that

just doing something like that in setting these guidelines for you

south and putting yourself into a a a a disciplined state to be extremely beneficial, like Chaka, will likely says: discipline equals freedom. It is a great formula and it's real. Well, it's it's and again it is the base.

This of a lot of religion, I mean a lot of religion is very practice. Base is one of the reasons I like Judaism, as opposed to other religions. They very practice based religion. You know, sometimes you can take that too far in one direction, which is, I say, you need to balance reason with dictates that are meant to make you better,

 

but that goes all the way back to Aristotle. I mean Aristotle talks about how you have to practice to be good. You have to practice to be virtuous. What makes you a virtuous person is acting repeatedly in accordance with right,

and that is setting rules for yourself right. That is not violating every rule, and I think when we talk about on the conservative side, folks on the left

being lazy- I I don't mean in terms of work I mean Mark Zuckerberg is a hard worker. I assume and Jack Dorsey when he's not getting bitten by by mosquitoes seems hard worker, but you know most most of people most people of jobs are hard workers, and I think it's about that. I think it's a it's. It's a certain perspective on the necessity of rules and and

the mindset that, if I don't know what a rule is for I'm going to remove it so G K. Chesterton has this is very famous kind of contrast that he draws between people who tend to be right. Wing political and people tend to be left wing politically. He says people who tend to be left wing politically you're, walking through a walking through the woods and

 

across the funds. You don't know why the fences there. You say I don't know why this fence is here, I'm removing it and the person, who's right wing, walk through the forest and sees the fence and says. I have no idea why the fences here, I'm gonna, go, find out. Why the fences here and then maybe I'll, remove it and that's the kind of Burkey and conservative attitude toward rules. The the attitude that this rule was put here for a reason now may be the real sucks. Maybe the rule has to go, but let's try and figure out what was at the root of the rule before we just wipe out

all the fences and then try to rebuild from the ground up all these new fences and that's especially true in a civilization, that's the most prosperous and free civilization ever created. I mean if the system really sucked. That would be one thing, but I think people are kind of ungrateful about the fact that we live in the best possible time in the best possible place

and then that's the reality and everybody reality so negative about living in America, it's like. Okay in one thousand, nine hundred one

 

in ten american children died in the first year of life in one thousand, eight hundred and fifty the average life expectancy in Europe was under forty. So what are you talking about? What are you talking about like our biggest problems today, really for the vast majority of people is that we are too fat or that we don't have a job, but we still have some bud

who's. Basically, making sure we have food like starvation is not a serious problem. In the United States there's a problem of poverty, but there's not a problem of widespread starvation. In fact, poverty tends to align with obesity. You know that this is a pretty unbelievably great society, so maybe you ought to know

back at the roots of that society before we start Willy nilly tearing up all of the all of the moral boundaries. I think you and I agree that this

the greatest time ever to be alive. I think what these other folks are saying is that we can do better, and I think we all agree with that, but it sure, but to classify this time as being a terrible time, is, I think, a whole

really inaccurate. By the way I hate it right and left right, and this is one of the reasons it's one of the reasons why I think, there's a certain point where the trumpian populist right meets the Bernie, say

 

Populus left and that is them walking around saying how much things suck and it's like no, no, no

wrong. It's an amazing time. It's amazing time for communication too. It's amazing time for people to kind of understand. Other peoples, perspectives in points of view, which is one of the reasons why

platforming and in silencing of conservatives, even though I'm not conservative bothers the shit outta me, I I just think it's a

it's a non, harmonious action in a time that I think could lead to people having

it's more open and much more balanced communication. I mean they should be the time when we are having more conversation more fun with each other and where we are feeling more entrepreneurial. We have a better social safety net than ever. So. What? But? What? One of the statistics that really bothers me is that the level of american mobility has declined rapidly in the United States in the number of people who

leaving their home state to go somewhere else to work. A job, for example, is that decades low why it's

 

anywhere now they're seven million until jobs, hey, I keep hearing from you know, folks, who I know personally like people I Tucker Carlson, that you know we you

he grew up in a small town in the town is dying. The industry left. Well, you have the government somehow owes it to you that you get to grow up in this town and stay in that town,

even if all the industry left- and I just think to Myself- by whom who gave you this guarantee that you get to stay there

and I know: listen, I'm I'm a lucky guy. I grew up in a two parent household. We grew up wealthy, but we were middle middle class like I grew up in a small house in Br

Bank with two bedrooms, and I had three sisters me and my three sisters in one bedroom and one bathroom for six people. That's not poor! That's middle class, it's a great life, and I understand some people don't have that life.

The one thing that is guaranteed to you is the opportunity for adventure in this country. So go and move like why? Why are we inculcating a feeling of victimhood in

a society where, if you make the right decisions, you will do? Well, I mean not, you might do well. If you make basic basic right choices, you

 

will finish better than you started in american society. I mean we're talking like the most basic choices like finish high school and don't have a baby out of wedlock and get a job

like you do. Those three things in the Brookings Institute says that you will not be in permanent poverty in the United States. Like that's amazing, that was not true for the vast majority of

history. For the vast majority of human history, you did all of those things there was in high school, but you did all the other things and then you live like a servant

until he died at age. Thirty, seven of did very or something so it's it's just the the lack of I

TIM is a minute society where it should be running rampant is, is kind of astonishing to me. Well, it's perspective right. I mean it. Rich kids grow up with this perspective of constantly being rich and people grow up with this person

effective of how they view the United States. Is this negative thing or that they don't know

 

how to change their life? They don't know how to take action because they haven't had anyone around them that it's done it. That's part of the problem with small town mentality's is that you kind of inherit the vibe of the people around you and if they are ignorant or

their their shallow minded or if they're they're stuck in this one

in town and they're, never going to leave and you get caught in that vibe, you can one day, wake up and you're thirty two and you've never done anything. I mean,

but even talks about in hillbilly elegy people who are in these small towns, and they basically been told that they have two choices. They can go on welfare, they can leave yeah. It's like a final on welfare and everybody

around me is why why not is there's nothing morally deficient about going on on welfare? It is actually one of the bigger problems I have with the welfare state generally is

just connect. The person receiving the aid from the person giving the aid one of the like in in our religious community take an example there. But there's a time a few years back where a guy came to me and bottom are from him his at an artist and to

 

really does good work. He came to me and he said my family doesn't have enough money to make the rent this month. Can you offer me in advance on our

that you'll buy somewhere down the road and make sure? So I sent him a check and he understood that five year

later, he came back to me and he said you know you still haven't bought that piece of art. I owe you a piece of art because he knew who gave him the money

right right, and so he was willing to understand that that was an act of charity.

He wanted to make sure that that that was paid back. This

Cinderella, man right with Russell Crowe that moment where he makes money

back into the welfare office and rolls out a wad like that that feeling that the government isn't just a giant cash machine that is, existence

your money, but that that money actually comes from somewhere either it's coming from the future, because we have to pay back the debt or it's coming from somebody's tax money and that we all owe something to each other right and, by the same token, the what what I

go to my neighbors is that if they are in trouble, then it is

 

obligation as a good person to try and help them out on a personal level. Yes right and the charity in religious communities is extremely high. That's that's the social fabric that I'm talking about yeah without without that sort of dutiful cents to one another. You can't have right, because if you just have right, then and and no duties, then there will be no one to take care of each other. It's white, while I'm libertarian, when it comes to government, I'm very conservative when it comes to the need to build a social fabric in communities and and and have people with working families and communities working families yeah. I I really think that that's one of the best things that comes out of religion

 

is when you have a tight knit community like yours, and you do have that sense of charity. Would you really are a community of people to care for each other and look out for each other? The problem is, of course, doing that large scale, and then the problem is doing in some sort of a non denominational where, where people died, they don't have to have the exact same beliefs, but they still share these core values of community in taking care of each other mean that's what people really benefit from when they done studies of people when they show happiness and what does happen is correlated with it's almost always a coral

 

waited with friends and loved ones and family. That's the most important thing can happen when it comes to diversity. There's the slogan: that diversity is our strength. Well, there's a Robert Putnam is a sociologist over at Harvard he wrote an entire book about the social fabric called bowling alone, he's kind of the pioneer in the idea of social capital, and what he said is that he went in with two writing this book with the idea that diversity is our strength and then he did some research on what he found is that ethnic diversity only correlates with two things. These are his words. Increased tv watching an increased protest marches. That's all it unless, unless it is within the boundaries of a common goal. So if you walk into a church, very diverse ethnically everybody's got the same general goal, which is we're worshiping God in one particular way, and we believe in a certain course set of values and now diversity. Great your experience.

I come to bury or all aiming in the same direction. He gives the example of the army. You see a bunch of people who go in diverse group of people, diverse races, different backgrounds and when you talk to those guys, while they're serving or after they leave, they don't give a crap about the diverse backgrounds of the people there

 

serving with they're all aiming their guns in the same direction. Well, in the United States, we have to

aiming our guns in the same direction or we can't really have a functioning social fabric at all, but I'm perfectly willing to give charity to people who I don't know who still believe like. I do that America is a fantastic country rooted in immutable e good principles, but that starts to break down when I'm being asked to

give charity just on a personal level, to somebody who believes that America is fundamentally evil and needs to be torn out at its roots and replaced with something better because

we're not aiming in the same direction. So on a human level. I care about you, but

but on a social level. If I have a choice between somebody who basically agrees with me about fundamental values and somebody who is diametrically opposed, I'm going to get my money, the person who basically agrees with me,

the most fundamental values and again I don't think those fundamental values have to be religious. And then you have to be a god. Believer Doris

charity from me, or I don't think I should have to be an atheist, received

 

charity from you. But I do think that you do have to take into consideration a few things and now we're on the same page, personal responsibility. The idea that you do live in a free country just historically and relatively speaking. This is a free country which means decision making is on you. So man up a little bit that you that the decisions that you make we should all have sympathy for people who have had worse lives in worse experiences. But in the end, if you are capable, if you're not

fundamentally disabled, in some way that you need to make a plan for your own life, and then you need to do that. Like are you more willing to give charity to somebody who has a plan for how to get themselves out of the whole? Of course um? Of course you know that, but that relies on that person feeling an obligation to do that, but I also think that what you're talking about with

with charity within the community is so much more there's so much more connection than charity from the government when you're talking about welfare. The problem

 

there's is dissolving of responsibility because it's just to check the comes and you feel like well, this is a rich country, I'm this anyway right the end you know, and when I was a kid, we were on welfare and we we use food stamps and I I remember, being very shamed of it and feeling really weird that we were that poor that we needed help from the government, but

my parents worked their way out of it. They were young, they had a kid. My guess is that my guess is that the social stigma probably has some

to do with that, meaning that I'm sure didn't it didn't want to be on welfare, and I don't wanna be in foods in the contract. Your store with Adam Corolla is right and Adam talks all the time about how his parents were also on food stamps and welfare and extinguish they were just, and he always resented that he thought that was bad yeah. He said like you could work. Why aren't you and that gave him the impetus to get up and do what? What Adam has done so run? You know that that kind of it's not pick yourself up by the bootstraps, because helping hands are good, but it is if I,

 

if I were capable of picking myself up by my bootstraps, would I do so yeah and if the answer is yes, then we're all on the same team. But this is a real, proud.

I'm too, in that some people, just get a horrible hand, dealt to the harsher at at birth there with the parents that really are doing a terrible job, raising them the them up every step of the way around a bunch of people that are criminals, everybody's up the there's, no examples of anybody, that's doing! Well, I mean this

one of the unique things about the internet today. Is that a kid that's in that environment can get ahold of? Maybe some

in that you said or something you know. Someone

is sad and start reading books and start taking in information that gives them a different perspective and fuel that perspective with more motivational stuff and more information and education, and sometimes kids, just like

we're seeing with Adam Corolla that grow up with these parents that are just now

 

ambitious, but also they become very ambitious and they work very hard to not be like them. I mean sometimes it's good to see that example, but most the time it's just fucking hard for them to reprogram

head for sure, it's hard to do that. It's also hard. I really think that there's there's a lot of focus in the country right now on raising awareness, which is fine,

no raise it, raising awareness of our history and all the bad things that we've done yeah, but I mean people, people should know about all the good things and all the bad things right. It's it's history, history, but this this incessant focus on the idea that

lives are getting better by suggesting that their perennial victims in the United States- I just don't. I don't understand how that's a good thing. Yeah like as as a historically a member of a historically persecuted group. If I had grown up- and my parents had said to me no matter what you do, you will be put under the thumb of the dominant society. That's a pretty horrible message to tell to a kid, and I think that's true for politicians again on

both sides of the aisle. I think you get it from from President Trump when it comes to some rural areas where it's like. Well, it's the Mexicans, the Chinese coming in to steal your jobs and you're under the thumb of people,

 

we're trying to destroy you and on the other side of the aisle people who say well, you're in the inner city and therefore the cops are racist against. You want to destroy you and everybody. Is

you get you it's like? Well, how about this? How about like again, the single best thing you can do for yourself is make basic decisions that are entirely within your

troll unless you are, unless you are raped, God forbid, single motherhood is a choice that you get to make about your life.

This is a choice you get to make about your life finishing high

unless you are legitimately disabled in some way

I mean especially now UST, where you basically have to be able to read at the red level to finish high school. You know just just like these are these are just

personal decision making. If you want

I've, never seen somebody's life get better by complaining about reality. I've seen a lot of people's lives get better by

engine. That reality is what it is and then making personal decisions to make their lives better and that's considered non compassionate. But it seems to me that the essence of compassion sometimes is saying at least make the baseline to take.

 

If you make the baseline decisions and then you fail, we can talk about what happened. I don't think it's non compassionate. I think it's pragmatic and I think you're right,

but I also think that there's some people that are

in situations that require something external to assist them there.

The way their life has been set up, and this is what I think when people think about compassion and people pulling themselves up by their bootstraps. If you have a real,

you really have an honest and accurate assessment of extreme poverty and terrible neighborhoods. It's

not as simple as do something good to better your life. Part of it is you got fucking stay alive,

certainly you're, surrounded by people who either have committed crimes

or will commit crimes. You mean one out of every four people

run into might be a criminal in the worse

 

neighborhood in the country for sure, but I think we have to this where we recognize what government is good at government is good at two things: cutting the other people, cutting checks from other peoples, money they're great at it, and they'll see their right on top of those parking tickets by the

to make sure that they have done it and they're they're mazing additives using your money and and paying money they're very good at and and pointing a gun at people right is the two things the government was built to do was was collect taxes and pay out money and then point guns at people hi. This is what our government does so which of those two things. Would you apply in a situation where there is just come,

delete lack of social capital because cutting a check isn't going to do it alone? Where is that check go to the parents who are not doing not able to protect their kids

if you're, enabling the parents to move out of that community or something? But that's why I say you have to attach: if you're gonna do the government

welfare thing you got to attach it to a planet, can't just be here's a check enjoy your life, because what is the plan?

 

I don't think one of those terrible communities. You live in an apartment complex, so I mean here's the reality. I think that the plan, very often when it comes to a crime ridden area, is the other side of what the government does, which is. You need more cops in that area. I think the great lie that these communities

there are crime, ridden I'm talking bout, white, Appalachia and I'm talking about yes in a black inner cities. These communities do not need fewer cops. They need more cops because the precondition to investment in those communities and increase tax dollars in those communities and increase social capital in those communities as people not getting shot every five seconds

I mean. That's, that's the worst thing that can happen to law abiding minorities is for the cops to

and in areas where crime is high. It just doesn't make any sense, and that's not just

you saying a Jane Leeves reported the Latimes very much on the left has said the same thing. While biting people want crime rates to go down like conditions have to change in it,

unity for conditions to change in the community. Did you ever

see the wild whites, wild and wonderful whites

Virginia? No, it was a

 

is Johnny Knoxville. Did he produce that documentary? I think you did right dude it's about this family that lives in West Virginia. That is just a bunch of psychotic criminals. Is these crazy white people, the the

kids drinking mountain dew and doing backflips on the bed and they're all on pills, it's bananas, and it

gives you this insight like if you are in this community, if you were in this family- and this is obviously very extreme

family, but there's many more of them out there that have not been documented. If you are in that community, good fucking luck getting out right, good luck!

The money that you get other than welfare is from selling pills. You know everybody's on these

Phil you're, all whacked out. You don't know what the fuck is going on half the day, you're on opiates mean it is odd,

but Nana's environment and there's a lot of people like that in this country for sure and in poor latino communities and poor white communities of poor black communities. The idea that these people just gonna pull themselves up by their bootstraps. It's crazy. I

 

I think they don't have a plan and I think if we really want to help them

got to be some way where you can give these people the opportunity to step out of that pattern, whatever that

community centers out reach programs whatever it is, I don't know what it is. I mean the truth is the truth is that, historically speaking, it was people actually going to church yeah I mean and, and they're made, there's a good lot of good. I would church going person right. I

absolutely recognize that there's a lot of good involved and having that frame

right and and that that I'm not sure that that's yeah, I don't think you can create sort of a fake social fabric with just a government welfare system like it. Just it does, it has

right, I mean disability exists, it's been increasing every year. It's not. This is question. I asked Andrew Gang actually or episode comes out on Sunday and obviously Andrew is a big fan

of you by universal basic income and I'm not averse to the idea of you bye

 

in a future, where legitimately, fifty percent of the population can't work because they've all been automated out of existence and all of this, but there's one section in his book or- and we talked about how, if we cut people a check for you b, I then they will spend their extra time creating art and engaging

sing in hobbies that they like, and I just thought to myself. I mean I sent it to him like people are

what they're doing if you're on disability the people

we're talking about who are suffering they're not out there writing poetry, I mean the rise of the opioid epidemic and people who

rod ing on drugs and all this stuff. That's in precisely the same demographic

talking about you're, just talking about a check from one place as opposed to another place. I don't. I don't really see how that solves the problem. I think we have a crisis of purpose. Yes right now, and I don't think that that crisis of purpose is solvable, on the one hand, by changing our trade rules, and I also don't think that crisis of purpose is solvable by cutting a government check. I just don't think that that's how people are wire.

 

I absolutely agree with you that there is a crisis of purpose. My concern is about automation and my concern and uh. Obviously I haven't really studied this other than talking to Andrew Yang and talking to Elon Musk and a few other people that are proponents of universal

basic income. They think that there's going to be such a massive loss of jobs in such a short period of time from people that

non skilled laborers and it's going to go away,

millions and millions of jobs, and these people are not going to have anything and they could be chaos right. So there's there's two problems that come up there, and this is where Andrews Book is interesting, because problem number one is that the people will be poor. They will have a source of income. Can you be? I saw that the other

Florida, but doesn't even that, gives him one thousand dollars a month. If you have it right, I mean, even even if you just had a swedish redistribution system and the average tax rate went up to sixty percent or something it might. Let's say we could solve the money problem for a second which you know without tanking the economy, which is questionable.

But let's say we could do that. We could add trillions of dollars to the budget every year and we could tell that I'm still not sure

 

that solves the deeper problem, which is that when people lose jobs they lose purpose.

So I'm not sure that you buy solves that prob

done. As I say, we have. We have a rich social welfare network in the United States and we're seeing this stuff happen anyway. No I'm I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit less catastrophic. By little bit I mean a fair bit less catastrophic in my thinking about automation and then either and reading or you one must think that people be able to adapt quicker.

I have to do to avoid the problems will realize that jobs aren't there anymore and they'll just naturally gravitate towards other professions overtime, that people will do that, but they're not always the same

people there's always shift in the economy and the the ideal economic model has a truck or becoming a code right. That's that's not read. That was the whole learn to code fiasco right. I people kicked off of twitter all right.

It still shows exactly yeah. Apparently, if you say to journalists, then that's very bad. If you say the code to a truck yeah, that's what it was that we learn to code to a trucker. If you say learn to code with trucker, then that's just you being helpful. If you say learn to code to a journalist, then that is tar

 

harassment on Twitter. That's when someone says it to me. Well, how does it work? Doesn't care about you

hey whatever once he doesn't understand, but it's I mean. I think that, but if you just say it to a friend, hey fuck, face learn to code,

then it now is your address for you today, the six hour over it. But it's it's a dumb thing to take people out for its one of the best examples of like how censorship just

overstepped its boundaries and becomes almost like satire yeah. It's it's really. It's really really user like this is the biggest aggression ever learn to code like a cat. Okay, that's something look! This is a stupid

thing that someone said about coal miners. They literally said that about coal miners that maybe they can learn to code, and so I

there was a so learn to code, became a joke and became to something that you would mock people right. There is there explanation, for it was so crazy. It was like no then learn to code got connected with

premises and all this other stuff, like that, that's that's the

 

all right. Those are bad. His worldwide missus are bad. They use the phrase learn to code. That means, if you say, learn to call your white supremacists. Look. What happened? Sorry lost the frog that frog the feels good man product. That's what happened to pat hey, they lost from the turn the fricking front. Gaming look yeah, yeah yeah, I mean it's not as far as automation. You know the there's constantly people saying this is the the Nicholas missing telly view of reality, which that the blacks one incident can happen any any so

so watch out for it versus the sort of Steven Pinker view of reality, which is the black Swan incident, is

blacks, one incident because the blacks one incident, meaning that it happens. Incredibly rarely I you know the the idea that we are on the verge of a catastrophic dropping job numbers because of the automation of trucking, for example. I I'm

 

not sure that I buy it. The reason I don't buy. It is because you still don't need someone sitting behind the wheel of that truck their human drivers on the road it's going to. There will be a gradual transition away from some of these jobs with the entry and talk about radiologists and how radiologists are going to be priced out of the market by computers that can do a better job of diagnosing tumors. First of all, awesome I mean that's, that's good. For that brings down cost end. You won't get cancer as advance that be that big, a thing taking off what what a lot of technology studies have had tended to show is that technology just gets integrated in the different way and in particular career, so there will be jobs that are eliminated for sure they'll be jobs you have heard of that will be created also, and mostly technology will will become more of a productivity aid to two people. So this is true. In fact,

Aries jobs have been lost in factories. The best example of where jobs are lost, but it's mostly turn offices right how many office jobs have been created because you have computers? Was the war office? Jobs exist because I write by hand. Do you think that this is akin to like a government bailout like the idea of the government?

 

Bail out was like the banks are too big to fail, and some people thought you know what you gotta. Let them fail, so you figure out why they failed and will never have it happen again. If there is

this thing and the government steps in and says, wait a minute, I know you lost all your jobs going to give you one thousand dollars. You have to figure it out, one thousand dollars a month and some people go. Ok, I'm not going to figure it out now, whereas those people

might have gone on fear filled journey to try to

figure out their purpose in life because

now they're stuck where their job doesn't exist anymore, so there put in their owner,

we have to act there is. There is innovation that comes from from a welfare check. I mean there are people who become dependent on government than there used to be dependent on that. That stuff is true, it does happen and listen. Milton Friedman made an argument for

universal basic income as a replacement for the welfare system. There is another problem with universal basic income that I asked you

about also, and that was one of the one of the big issues is that poor people very often people who are permanently impoverished, not people who are temporarily poor,

 

but they tend not to spend money where we think they ought to spend money

that money and not putting into education or into they might just be a fine hose and cigarettes. I mean the the average the average person who is making less than, I think is sixteen thousand dollars you're spending four hundred dollars. Your lottery tickets are generally just flushing money down the toilet. So it's it's. So how do you are you just gonna end up back in the same place, good in six months where people took that money and used it in ways that

actually didn't benefit them in at a certain point, the question is: do you own your decisions? You do not own your decisions and at what level of incompetence or inability do we say

you no longer on your decisions and so we're just gonna take care of you on a permanent basis. That's that's really the the the question here. I think we're looking at when you talk about welfare, we're looking at worst case scenario right, we're someone does get depend upon the welfare state and

does use that money frivolously and does make poor decisions. But then there's got to be other

 

people that are single moms that you know maybe had a kid with some fucking asshole. It doesn't want to pay and it is a piece of shit and they have to hide from them and they're just trying to feed their kids

for sure those people exist to one hundred percent have a community to help them out and maybe they're not a part of the shirt, and maybe they don't have a good group of name.

Maybe they had to move somewhere for work and they got stuck in some place, for they don't know anybody, but it I I think part of this is to to recognize that incentives matter on both, and so the idea is that you give some people more money and they'll they'll do well. It's also true that if you create a way

for system that benefits single motherhood, you will get more single motherhood. I mean the single motherhood rate in the black community before welfare was twenty percent. Now it's. Seventy percent in the white community was like five percent. Now is forty percent. You said that like out

wed, lock children and having a kid when you're young is like it's a terrible idea for your life. But what do you recommend to have kids avoid that? Are you one of those people that things don't add up there? Without that thing on it,

 

no condom scissors and brett- I don't don't have I don't. Don't have unprotected sex in like this? This is not it's not pardon. My my fake cursing. It's not nothing rocket science. I mean

I was as a friend, not curry. I'm positive or not yeah, it's it's! It's not rocket. Science is one of the other kids make mistakes in them and that's what happens? Okay right on it, but and then, if the government pays for those mistakes becomes less. So what should what should happen to the the kids suffer?

Who, no, I mean production would be actually be worked out. I mean it depends on the situation.

You know if their parents available to the kid, presumably the parents, the grandparents, would take a pretty active role in the

in the raising the think it also make

well how about this? How about? We assume that, if you are old enough to get pregnant, then you're old enough to let's talk about seventeen year old daughter, eighteen year old, used to be shocked me,

 

which is where things and really think that's a good idea. I think the idea of parents staying together for the sake of a kid that they accidentally board, is absolutely a good idea. Yes, I think that I think that is

better idea than the man walking away and the kid being without a man in the house, so you're saying that

and a lot of people figure a way to work it out. Yes and if they're both reasonable, they could do that yeah, and I think that that, by the way, a huge percentage of american births in the forties and fifties

where exactly this are a lot of seven month. Babies in the forties and fifties yeah, I think it's something like thirty to forty percent of all kids born in the thirties and forties and fifties were seven month. Babies. I got knocked up right. The expectation was nagging

like you did, that you did the crime that you do that, I'm right here with you. She did. This threat, puts people and relationship prison good and doing that

I don't know. If they don't, then don't ask, don't die and find it find find something sexier you find it. Somebody have sex with.

Do you actually think is worthy of a relationship right now or online pornography is available,

 

like figure if you're? Okay with that on a moral level, you know, but if I

going to, if I'm going to compare that to having a baby out of wedlock and yeah, this is what I think about pornography. They could stop now and we're good forever

yeah, the kids they keep making it like. I think you guys there's no there's no supply and demand problem. Thank you like making it you guys are a bunch of freaks.

I mean there's, no, it's like a business. It's almost like. You have excess houses that stack up to the moon, but there's no way everyone is going to live it all those houses. Why do you keep making house there's no way? One person is ever jerked off to every video that ever existed. It doesn't it's not possible

and it's also like other forms of media where they just stack up. I never really thought of that. Until we have the backlog of internet pornography and, like you know, I'm a month behind now, let's just think about music right, there's all the music that existed before in the fifties,

 

the sixties and the seventies and the eighties and there's new shit every God damn day it never ends this

overwhelming library of stuff that we have to expect. It would be good if that music changed from time to time the same song recorded seven different ways. You know what kind of shit do you listen to? What do you think I listen to the classic jazz in class?

Of course. Yes, we just so interesting, and I was I was at a concert level violinist until I was until I was like seventeen to practice.

Yeah I mean that the only expensive object that I often other than my house is is violent. I really yeah. Is it a Stradivarius? It is now

it is. It is it's not.

I know, yeah, that's the yeah they're, the two that people may know or Stratton and like a coronary, but those those ones are like hundreds of thousands of dollars in the tens of

dollars. Stradivarius his hundreds of thousands of dollars, the guy who we knew my

we hit a million dollar Stradivarius,

 

and I was so big about it- was the big deal about. Well, I mean, aside from the historic value the thing they're, not making any more of them. It does play very differently and you know very differently. Okay, I had a crappy violin for most might like really into the last two years. I had a violin that was handed down my grandfather. That was worth maybe thirteen hundred bucks and it was a piece of crap. I mean it's a it's, not a good violin. If you're good enough, then you can tell the difference between a really great violin to play and one that is a piece of garbage, and I was good enough to do that. So that's yeah I mean I I was. I was a classical guy. I played I played

violin for years and my dad was growing up. My dad is a pianist look at what Jamie just pulled up the most expensive violin the world sold for an estimated sixteen dollars million for a strategy

never lose value. I mean really: they don't

is it. This is a good investment, the person I know

 

the guy who offered his offer to Strat. It think it was two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, maybe ten years ago and he's like no. That is worth like three million dollars to know. What is the deal like what

I had to explain? What's the difference between the sound that this makes so I mean it has to do with the acoustics of the instrument in the wood quality. There's

variations in the construction of the instrument, certain parts of it are thicker or thinner, and it is also it's easier to play about her violin. So it almost covers for your mistakes. When you play a bad violin intends to scratch and screech more that's why, when you get in the upper register with a violin, you had very high note that can either be very screechy or could be very beautiful. Some of that a lot of most of that's the player, some of that's the violin yeah Haif, it's who's widely,

the greatest violinist to ever live, but he had a strad and lady Blunt Stradivarius, cost fifteen dot nine million dollars by these, and then they let them out on loan to worlds great violinist. So but there's a button

 

in the end, it really is the quality of the player. There's a famous Yasha Heifetz story where he was playing at Carnegie Hall and some lady came up to him. Afterward and she said you know your violin. Just it sounds so beautiful and he picks up the violin puts it was here and he says funny. I don't hear it right now.

So do you listen to any other kind of music yeah I mean I like I like some classic rock

yeah, I mean see rocking out yeah. I went to a Doobie brothers concert. My parents know you really it yeah. That's a band bandit

main named after a joint. That is true. That's how exactly I know did you feel

go like a center as a as a rebel. That day is really going to the Doobie Brothers concert with the other boomers, so the other day

thing is same sex marriage. So the other thing that I think that we disagree with well, we agree with

marriage thing right documents: government should be involved. I think where people should be protected is through assets, and

 

you know that contracts. Yes, yes, I think that that all makes sense to me that all that stuff

is of like alimony and child support, all those things make sense to me and that then the idea of the committee

unity reinforces it, which would then become the government reinforced and all that stuff. That all makes sense to me. I understand it, but

why do you care if two gay guys want to get married so from a religious

sure? Let's go? Finally just so so, and you want a secular point of you first, so the the idea is not that I care deeply whether two gay guys wanna get married to each other. The idea is that it do. I prefer traditional marriage to set to same sex marriage. It will. Let me let me phrase this way. What do you think a gay guy is? Do you think someone's they're making a choice, or do you think that this is how they were born? So the religious point of view on this, and- and I think this is actually just the general concern

 

the point of human action generally- is- I don't know, meaning that, for the vast majority of people out assume that they have a biological drive to engage in that behavior, but the traditional sort of will point of view is that biological drive does not necessarily match up to the activity you ought to engage in men, for example, have a biological drive to impregnate many women? That's not something religion is cool with either

right. So the idea is that religion is cool with the man being with one woman and impregnating her, but you're not cool

with a man being with a man, so I can give you the religious expo.

Should I come with secular explanation, so the religious explanation is that there is something different about a woman. Then there is about a man, and a man is made better through his union with a woman and that if you pervert the sex drive to pursue

mere pleasure instead of a lasting relationship upon which the base of society

 

he is built, then you are foregoing the proper use of your sex drive

right. But if you wanted to step in and argue against that, you would say that just because someone can't get pregnant doesn't mean that they don't have a loving relationship to contribute

society. That's true, but it is also for going the more productive relationship of being able to bear and rich

and also, and also the menacing. There are nine different right and and recognizing. Also the sexes are not the same. Wrote it you know, being with a man, is in a relationship different than being with a woman. I would assume

I mean I assume that White gay guys are gay if it weren't, then I assume that

would be fine with being with a woman right. So that's so that relationship from a from a religious perspective is more valuable, because women have different qualities than men. You round off each other's harsh edges. It changes you, I mean you're married being Mary changes, a man in a different way that being married to a member of the same sex would right, but I don't want people to have to do it. But if you're me that I'm not forcing anybody right, but I want them to have the

 

option and if you're a gay person- and we just don't- let up not me of course,

yeah. We agree right, yeah, legal and I keep making this distinction 'cause. Whenever I talk about my moral perspective on things, then people immediately assume that I'm a theocratic, fascist and they just want to keep underscoring.

My personal views on Dave Rubin's marriage are of no consequence to public policy in any way whatsoever right.

But I agree with you on that and I don't think it should be a part of public public policy and I think people should absolutely be allowed to marry and divorce and do whatever the fuck they want to do, no matter who it is. But why do you care, like as a person, is a rational thinker? It's pretty clear that people are gay and I don't

really think that this is a decision they make in terms in terms of like I'm, going to make a clear choice to defy. God

can be gay, I think they're just getting well again, I think that's a conflict if it's everyone, it's a conflation of identity and drive with activity, which is something that religion fundamentally reject

 

right. So Legion fundamentally rejects the idea that you are driven to do something and therefore it is your identity. Therefore, you get to participate in a behavior. That's it that's

chain of thinking that religion, so in religion. If a man is gay in your religion,

yes, a man is gay and they're in love with another man. They should just squash those thoughts and find a woman. Well I delete they would be honest with the woman in there is there not by

boasting about what would want

want to actually get a woman. You would still get married and have children in heterosexual alati,

if you're not up to that, then you wouldn't get married at all to. When you describe this to a gay man, they will tell you

you imagine Ben Shapiro. If someone said to you, you should stop being with your beauty,

wife and you need to now marry a man, because this is what God wants you

to do so you're going to have to stoop this man

and he's going to stop you,

 

because this is how the rules are set up. So far sounds pretty terrible here right. Well, this is how it sounds too, gay folks when you're telling them they have to find a woman like I like, I'm, not saying you have to find a woman, I'm saying that's kind of what I'm saying you can't do ex right, nothing but must but say can't, but by whose determination, if you decide to participate in this religion right, then there is a buy in to the precepts of the row

legend and the buy in is well. No, the buying is that you can have whatever

sexual orientation you please, but there's certain activity you can't participate in, so you can be gay, but you can have gay sex correct. That's that by the way. That's what the Bible I mean if you want to go direct to the text of the Bible, it's what the Bible actually says. Right, I mean even the parts of the Bible that people

 

really hate. Those parts say that a man shall not live with a man. It doesn't see a man can't be attracted to another man, that's old testament, right yeah, then that's it right. That's our stuff right, new testament that it gets well harsher in the new testament. Some places Romans yeah, but in any case you know, but again when it comes to. This is what I'm puzzled by is the idea that this is a unique area of human behavior, that religion is supposed to treat differently. Many religion

treats virtually every human activity like this sin is a failure to abide by a covenant right. That's what is the definition of sin

when you commit a sin in Judaism in Avera in Judaism, what you are do

thing is failing to do a mitzvah, which is a commandment you're violating a commandment. Well, there are lots of commandments that go directly against what people are driven to d'oh, just because of the drive is stronger. Do

not make it morally more morally non culpable to violate that commandment. So what

 

we'll pick this one out and they say well, this one is particularly intolerant. For example, I don't see why it's more particularly

tolerant, then saying to a man that you have to marry one woman or saying to a Jew that you are not allowed to eat this stuff or you like it. It may be harder that I think, is any question it's harder to abide by the

commandments, but it is well within religious tradition, like literally every religious tradition, that there's a bunch of stuff you're driven to do that. You can't now again you'll have to agree with my program that that I'm not trying to convert you this one nice thing about my religion. I don't give a crap whether people are jewish or not like we, we actively discourage converts, but if you're going to proclaim that you are, you know abiding by traditional Judaism. This is

the buying right. There's a lot to buy and you have to wear a funny hat. Sometimes you have to you have to go to shul on saturdays. You have to keep your body like there's a lot of buying and as long as I'm

bothering anybody else, I frankly don't see what business it is of legitimately anybody's. What I think about personal relation

 

chips, I'm not imposing my view on anybody else. Well, I do acknowledge that at all the religions,

Judaism, probably makes it the most obvious. They don't give a fuck what you do go ahead. Do your thing

like they're, not trying to service you're, doing your business, my uncle converted and

very was a grind. Man had to learn a lot of shit three years of the grind a long time, it's a long time,

so that was a religious perspective. On the secular perspective when it comes to valuing tradition,

marriage over over same sex, marriage, that's a very simple

calculation, which is one type of marriage, produces traditional children

from the traditional biological way. And then you have both parents in the house to take care of the kid right. That's the value of marriage- and I fully agree-

is that when the value of marriage shifted from it's about production ring of children too, it's two people who love each other. The case for same sex, marriage again same sex marriage went completely out the window right. So you are,

 

is sticking to your rigid ideology in terms of like what you believe to be a send, and I believe this be ascend, based on with your religion, based on this very strict moral fiber that this religion is operate in a

religious context mean it applies to me. It applies to my family. It doesn't apply to you right, but is there any room for growth in that? When people have a

our understanding about biology like it, if it was proven, if there's proven like oh, this is why

a person develops blue eyes. This is why a person is gay. This is why

nothing wrong with. It is just a very

red hair. It's freckles, it's gay! It's

straight can tell me that that homosexual

sanitation is one hundred percent biologically driven, and I will almost completely agree with that. I think that there's some cases where it's not but there's a rare,

but particularly by the way the research tends to show that there's more sexual

 

Lydia among females and males males it tends to be either heterosexual or homosexual. Research is all done by dudes want their wives to hook up, which is keep going

until in the shop but honey. Let me just show you the paperwork, but so is wrong, but again that it it's it's a question. I've always found actually not particularly interesting, simply because it doesn't take into account

the worldview generally, which is that a biological drive does not equal excuse for behaving in a certain way. But that's where it brings me back to this like.

Is it possible that these laws in this religion were written when they're? What mean the two? Who, you think wrote the stuff? Do you think people wrote the stuff, but you think God wrote, I think either way. Even if it were it, I mean, because

I am a an orthodox Jew. I believe that at the very least, it's got inspired and God written right, but even if I believed

second level that human beings wrote that stuff. So I think the people three thousand years ago had never seen a gay person before

 

do you think they understated, like the very reason to have a commandment, is because certain people in your community are behaving in a particular way. Presumably right, there's no commandment not to take your head

seven in a meat grinder. Well. This is also the argument against pork because they didn't understand trick. You know, Sis, I understand you have to cook the meat to one hundred and forty five degrees and pork parasites, which are very dangerous for people. So I'm not a huge fan of naturalistic explanations for religion. Don't you think? That's a good one, though, for pork I mean I don't know like I think

could make an argument. Maybe they should just died in India and there's was horrific x rays of his head. He had parasites from pork that had

gotten into his body and they had nested in his brain of developing all these cysts inside of his head, and they couldn't do anything about it. 'cause. It was so

deep in his head that if they gave him the anti anti parasitic medication, it would cause swelling of the

 

main and it was like it was. It was so sad I feel not so from now on hello story. It's actually pick apparently accidentally coming in contact. The pig produces this particular type of parasite. Yes, I culture it's more rare, but it, but it trichinosis was pretty calm

again. Their attempts to sort of paint back into the Bible, certain rationalist iq explanations. That doesn't make sense, though I think why else would you would it be bad eat pig

like Jesus loves pegs? So, what's going on, I well, I I think that the the reversal of the kosher laws in the new testament- you know from from a jewish point of your. We don't believe in the divinity of Christ, right that there you can make an argument that the the gospels which written he was just.

I fit in if it no, no, we don't believe is profit. What do you think he was? What do you guys? I I mean I I what I what I think he was historically. I think he was a Jew who try to lead a revolt against the Romans got killed for his trouble. Just like a lot other Jews at that time were crucified for trying to lead revolt against Robin got killed for their trouble, so he became legend and story and I became a bigger,

 

a bigger deal, yeah getting group of followers and then gradually

grew and then do you think it was resurrected? No, that's not that's, not a jewish belief. Look I just want you know where

you know it is already stories. No, that's! No! Now you have any miracles, no, not not not by Jesus.

There was the in the old testament splitting the sea and all that and all think what there, what I think happened,

yeah well I'll go with my monody, an explanation that there was. I mean it says in the Bible, there was a strong east wind. So there there's a naturalistic explanation for a physical phenomenon.

It makes sense. I mean that's so that's what my Ma Tiny's is constantly trying to do is read nature back into the Bible yeah. That is the problem with these text. Right is that your

trying to decipher translations from original tax, which are written in ancient hebrew thousands of years ago and we're told an oral tradition for

than that right right I mean this is this is where my mom, my book, which I always hesitate to pick my own stuff, because it sounds gauche pitch way, but the

 

book, the right side of history and number one New York Times, bestselling nonfiction, but damn it. You got number one in the New York Times best selling, really

old enough that we not Michelle a bomb out of the lot for weeks, as is their protests. Well, no protest yet, but suffice it to say the New York Times Book Review or didn't like it. But now I'm not super shocked by that, but the the basic contention that I make is that judeo christian values, on the one hand and then human reason on the other greek reason

really that that tradition is attention and that that tension is where western civilization lives. That basically civilization is a suspension bridge. It takes certain fundamental precepts of judeo christian values on the one hand, and then takes creek reason and they're pulling against each other and sometimes reason feels like it's going to dominate religion, and sometime

feels like religion is going to dominate reason and the best of all available world. You have a a bridge that is that is capable of building upon it, where you can actually have a functional civilization, and if you lose reason in the name of theocracy, then you end up with to radical

 

theocracy and if you lose and if you lose religion in the name of reason, you end up in some pretty dark places. Human beings don't have a very good track record of creating their own purpose, creating their own meaning, creating their own systems. We tend to get very utopian very quickly and things get really ugly, which is sort of the story of the particular

half of the 20th century. So this is the benefit of sticking to the rigid ideology. That's prescribed by religion is that you don't allow the human beings to keep updating it and changing him, because if you do, they will eventually slide into chaos. Yes, but there's there, which is not to say, there's not playing the joint, whether they're. Certainly religion has morphed over time. Record is um. Is it was practiced originally, probably in many ways does not resemble Judaism is practice now, in fact the Talmud even says this. I mean there's, there's this kind of fascinating and counterintuitive section of the Tom. Would where Moses is it's it's? What is called the God attack, which some of these stories that are just kind of

 

in today, in the middle of the Thomas, where Moses comes back and he's watching from on high as a bunch of rabbis in you know, second century Palestine are, are talking about Judaism and he's like I don't recognize any of the stuff like I brought down these books from the mountain, and I do not recognize any of this stuff and, and God says to him it off at a it got system right I mean this is hello. This is Morgan, Moses pleased. In other words, he he's not Judaism has always had a common law tradition re using reason to try and develop the ideas behind the commandments and then try and extend them abroad in them, and I think that's a good thing, but you have to be careful not to completely undermine fundamental roots or or get rid of bass

 

precepts. In other words you have to you have to now. Is there certain fundamental truths that exist there and then there's played as far as how those are implemented? Does Judaism have one of those pray? The gay away traditions, no, that's not that's not a thing, I mean it's. What do they want guys to do like? What would you say? What would you do if not

we're not not to sin, but against sin is a sin is a thing that everybody does, meaning that masturbation is not is not okay. According to you

is um. I assume that a vast majority of young jewish men, even the orthodox or masturbating so people since I mean that's, that's a recognition. It's always again. I think I can speak on behalf of I will audaciously become, have both Jews and Christians. Here. I think that religious people are are told that when they say that something is a sin, this means that they are looking a scant at the people who are committing the sin, and that is not correct. I mean

 

what isn't and Christianity say is that we are all committing sins on a fairly regular basis where we get up is when people start saying, because I have a desire,

or this in this is no longer a cent yeah. The real problem is like what. Why is it a sin who says it's a sin so again

again this these rules, you were assuming are influenced by God right but clearly written by people. Well, the this one, you would say if you're a fundamentalist, or at least somebody who believes in the the idea that the Torah was given by God, was given, literally by God, but again that doesnt the the logic behind the rules, which

 

you know, people like my monitors, have tried Thio explicate. The idea is, as I said, a second this you can do without God, this party, without God the human sex drive, was made to procreate with in a stable relationship in order to project a rate and have future generations of people misuse of that sex drive in any way. Whether you're talking about from masturbation to homosexual activity, is there for a diminishment of the use of that drive. That's the natural law case against against homosexual activity. And again, I will reiterate

for media matters for the one millionth time, I'm not in favor of any of this being encoded into american law, because freedom is freedom, people should be able to say how they choose so long as they're not harming anybody else right. No, but what about people that have had vasectomies and what about women? That also is not called the second he's, not cool with it. I need this catalysis and from what I understand, rent right, yeah.

Well, I'm not a big fan of that. One thing that I have more experience with, but ah so, if I would have

 

command is sterile and the woman sterile they allowed to have sex it's in both know. So yes, because there are ancillary benefits to married couples having sex like relationship building, but that's not a generalized case against the favored view of sex. That's sort of like arguing that intersect

old mean that there's no such thing as two separate sexes. There are two separate taxes and also their intersex people who have a connection yes right, and that that's the same thing here. The the case in favor of heterosexual sexual activity does not change based on the fact that some people can't actually participate in that.

What would you do if a young gay guy came to you for advice? If someone said hey Ben

the mire of yours, I love the way you think and follow your philosophes, but I've got a problem. I'm young

Bush man and I'm gay, and I don't know what to do. What would you tell him to do? I mean I can't tell them to do anything right? What what I? What would you advise

 

you tell it? Would you would tell him to not act out on those feelings. I would say you do the best you can, as a human being and from my moral perspective, you try to avoid sin as best you can, but everybody since

the problem this that sin, though it seems to me that it was defined by people, didn't understand biology because they were dealing with humans that existed one thousand

five years ago. Again, I really understanding of why people were gay

a again. I I really don't think that biblical commandments are linked in and religious claim is generally are links to a few of biology, meaning that you don't think so. No. I think that all sin is a recognition that we have drives, that we are supposed to forego. Okay, that that's pretty much I mean- that's that's fundamental to certainly Judaism, and it's the Christianity as well, I would say, is one even:

has this basic precept right when I think we can agree that, there's some real benefits to discipline his real benefits to having structure an it doesn't mean that you can't be creative it does

 

you can't be free and do whatever you want some of the time too, but I think we can both agree that this is one of the one of the best benefits of an ideology

and what what fully a positive ideology right, and what one of the things that I, the reason I keep coming back to the governmental regulation point is because my view is that, if your view of discipline is not my view discipline

can you write like god what you want to do like I've, never had a conversation with Dave Rubin about about him being a gay guy right, but you did say that you work wouldn't go to his marriage.

Well, I said right as a religious person. I can't say I can't actively participate in something that I consider to be a sin, but I would go out to dinner with David his husband any time like my wife, and I would do that. Of course, we'd have him over to our house with his husband is no

don't find any contradiction between your religious perspective and your personal perspective in that regard, that you would wouldn't be there for religious reasons, but that you would be

 

air for personal reasons like if it wasn't with you. Would you go to the after party? If you wouldn't go to the wedding, would you go to the after part, anything that was a celebration of same sex, marriage now wow,

so anything but like if go to the party now?

Is it

does barbecue the next day? We consider it a tag on again like I'm, not sure why I'm not a good party person. So I'm not sure. Why

would want me at their party frank part of a, but I haven't been to a party with you, but I went to a dinner party with you. That's right. We had a great time that was a good time. That's that's a funny picture man. That is why I don't know what the to think about that picture. We had a certain

Eric and American

as I am, and it's you and I it's like what was promised in one place right now, all the yeah, that that is a

disturbing one when they're, just just

lump you in with a bunch of fucking psycho, pass just because it's convenient for them and it's an easy way, toe diminish you that that that is. Ah that is

 

thing that I see more from the left then from the right, and it's really disturbing.

I always thought until this clickbait generation came along. I always thought that especially well,

you know the New York Times is obviously the higher standard, but that you would

never see that kind of shit from progressive people. You would never see wilf

distortion of reality to define their narrative in a really

this way, and it happens so often now that people get called my favorite is all right adjacent. I don't know that mean

it. Doesn't they don't know what it means is nothing new thing. It's a new thing people trying out to try it out of my go as a it's. It's again trying to lump everybody into one group for purposes of castigating the motives yeah,

so you don't have to have an argument with somebody if you assume they're not see so I guess, if you call everybody not so you don't have to have an argument, it is goofy, but you know I think,

 

when it comes to the the gay marriage thing. Would people really worry about? Is other people trying to stop people from doing what they want to do? You don't have that in you, that's not you. What you are doing is opposing it from your your religious beliefs, right like it.

If you want to join into my shoulder actual, has religious beliefs right, that's their business. By the way there like I can join a church. I assume I don't believe the things that people in the church believe you probably could. If you donate, you got to give the right of

money. Well, I don't believe in the Jesus, so there's that there's a jesus- that's not my thing right, so that's I I wouldn't expect to walk into a mosque, expect them to change their their standards on religion. I I find it really audacious when people actually expect other people to view the world the same way that they do and then expect that they're gonna be catered to in that

play like I wouldn't walk into, I wouldn't walk into a gay owned bakery and expect them to bake a cake that has versus

 

it gets on it. But I do worry is a weird story. You know that bake a cake store because gets bandied about date. Those folks went to several Baker's until someone said no, this is correct

yeah. They were looking for a court case and honestly, like that's, not you being a civil rights here that you being a jackass seriously like go to the other. Bakery

will do to you. They don't have anything to do with you. They don't owe you their cake and if you want to boycott them, boycott

them right. You want to get all your friends to say: we're not gonna go buy a cake from these discriminatory humans. Fine, it's a free market, have at it, but this this notion that somebody owes you their service. Is that that to me it's not even a freedom of religion case to me that one's a freedom of association case

well, I think, with the goal, is to shame a business into Sub

Ishan and also to put it out there in the public eye, so that

people understand that this is a discrimination that does happen with gay folks will they will go somewhere and someone won't make cake form right,

so I think they wanted to highlight it. So if I was being very charitable- and I didn't think they would

 

attention whores, I would say- maybe that's

they're doing maybe they're just trying to highlight this very real problem- fine, but they actually like took it to the government. Once you start pointing government gonna people, I get real uptight, so

yeah, it's a weird one. If you were, if you were just

you, do yeah right exactly review it right talk about how much you don't like them find you know like. I may disagree with you or I may agree with you whatever. That's that's fine, but once you start going to the government having the government levy like one hundred thousand dollars, fines on family bakeries because they because you couldn't find a gay baker in Colorado supposedly like um. No I'm sorry, that's that's not cool and I feel the same way if I walk into a bakery they're like you're, jewish, we're not serving you I'd, be like okay, you're, a hole, but

all right I mean it's a free country and there's a bakery across the street or maybe I'll just open a bakery next sortie and take all your business yeah. Well, it's unfortunate that anyone would ever think like that,

 

but should be a law to force someone to think differently. You can't it doesn't work. This is this is my point. Is

people point to my religious beliefs in Whittier Theocrat and I keep coming back to I'm, not though, like I don't want to force my beliefs,

anybody remember just have those. Those are my belief. So leave me alone and those are your beliefs, so leave you alone, and if we can have a system where we acknowledge that those beliefs can coexist and we can solve conversations with each other or be friends is going to be really hard to have a society. When you told

Dave Rubin that you wouldn't go to his wedding, did you get butt hurt, no pun intended now? He wasn't upset about it now, because, because dave- and I were friends- he knows that I have no anger

or upset about him doing. I would want everyone, FUCK Ben, come on man,

I don't know, I'm not a friends person, so I don't have any friends I mean I have friends, but it's like very

s, friends and then acquaintances. I tend to keep a pretty close social circle, the smart, the of so much time in this life that that's pretty much. How I feel yeah like if you're the kind of person where, if you

 

like a true obligation for me, to drive you to the airport, not a thing now, I'm not driving there.

You are a dinner correct

the people who make money off of you driving to the airport in turns into that. This is exactly correct, that those people, but that

I kind of went away for the most part. So if you find someone who still asking for a ride to the airport, that's a greedy mother at this point really bad. You know it wasn't the right books on that over. Yes, your wife for your girlfriend, you want to talk to you when you drop out of the airport is totally cool right. Well, that's understandable! This is it what? But that's what I mean by my circle of friends, just like somebody where I'm in the car with them for half an hour. It doesn't

like an obligation. Conversation, that's fine, but I value community

and I value a value people talking and trying to understand each other, and I

I've seen so much conflict. It's unnecessary because I see so much conflict, that's rooted in people, not communicating and instead of

 

indicating- and I think this is one of the things that I'm most nervous about with all this d platform,

meaning and censoring people and the silencing of people on the right- and it's not that I agree with these people. It's

I see how this is just going to shore up these two sides and it's going to make it

much more difficult, much more difficult atmosphere for communication,

for real understanding and coming to agreements on things and and recognizing

things that we all all good people seem to agree.

Could you try to help each other should be kind to each other? You should work hard. You should have good morals and ethics. You shouldn't steal

shouldn't take from people shouldn't lie. You shouldn't try to cheat the government. You shouldn't try to cheat people just be a good fucking person

that this this transcends religion,

ideologies, it transcends political leanings. It really does it should and we can have

a truly diverse community, truly diverse, not forced diversity, diverse

 

meaning some people are progressive. Some people are conservative. Some people are libertarian, you can joke with each other.

We all get along together and disagree with things just not be fucking hateful towards each other. This is possible, but it becomes less possible when p,

I feel like they're being silenced or censored totally right, and it's also true that when you, when you castigate, somebody is morally on

what you're really doing is you're giving excuse to get into their yeah. It's like this is what what's really happening here like if I had a slogan beyond the fact, don't care about your feelings, stuff, it just leave me alone. You know I don't get in

my shit like I'm, not bothering you. So why are you bothering me and if I have a belief system, that's different than yours, then so

the well? What as long as I'm, not bothering you, what difference? Does it make to you? How I feel about things? The only thing about the gay thing

is that it's not you. You have a belief about things, that's not you, but I have lots of beliefs about things that are not make right, but there are people that aren't hurting each other, but it's so what I mean. I can believe that people who aren't hurting each other, like I'm, not a fan of prostitution,.

 

Like a cell, I am not a fan of people here. Some some prostitution is clearly more of a choice. Then I think gay people are okay, but I'm I'm right, but

I know you're coming back on a moral distinction which I've ever paid a few times right that I'm not a believer that a natural desire to do. Something therefore makes an activity. Okay, but that's it, but that's a few

that has no externalities my view has no externality. So in the same way, listen I beliefs about people who eat too much and ghetto because they eat too much. I think it's

dancing to do. I don't think it's my business. You want to do it. Your problem, like you, you want F up your life. That's what

freedom is called. There isn't one of the seven deadly sins, gluttony, again question

but yeah I think, but it's it. But yes, I mean- and I have I have lots of police about lots of things that people do and by the way. So do you think they don't affect you right now.

This is we all do, but as long as I'm not forcing that on you, because there not

reality, is your behavior, I don't see why it bothers you like they're, legitimately

 

assume 10s of millions of people in this country who believe that when I die, I will go to hell right. I don't,

I don't believe in Jesus and so they're like

people believe I don't believe in Jesus. Therefore I am bound for Hell. That does not bother me

one iota, because no one

bothering me so what do I care?

I don't understand why everyone doesn't take this view. If I'm not legitimately, bothering you. Why should? Why? Should you care? What I think like this is.

This is what would be puzzling me if somebody came to me and they wanted my opinion on something because they valued my opinion that much I'd give my opinion, but you don't have to care about my opinion. I think when it comes to the gate thing where people are looking for is to people for other folks to be accepting of who they are, and I think for a lot of these gay folks that have been the closet, their whole life. That's the big things there

always worried about someone treating them differently or someone diminishing them, because they're gay

then, when they hear someone like you say that you think it's a sin and that you shouldn't act

 

in your biology, even though you have these urges that you should instead find a woman, they feel the same pangs of

rejection. I get of that debt, I for sure get that, but the the confluence between activity and identity is actually kind of a dangerous one meeting. Then the you know the the idea that if I disapprove an activity in which you engage, they disapprove of you right. I disapprove of lots of activities that

in which lots of people engage, including most members of my family, including my children, a lot of the time

I mean I disapprove of them as a human being or that I'm dancing their lesson

as a human being that, like we all interact with people this way, like you disapprove of my view on this, I don't get the feeling you disapprove of me,

a human being. No, I don't, and I am just a religion. You obviously think my religion is bullshit, but that's okay. I don't care, that's why I was, I don't think it's bullshit, I wouldn't say I think it's both

waiting. You think, though I got spoke to somebody in the mountains bullshit right. Well, I don't even know if that's bullshit.

 

What I do know is that it's a historical interpretation of stories that were as much as they could or as little as they wanted to be accurately defined and written down,

then passed on from generation to generation with different example. You think the fact that I won't eat pork is kind of stupid bullshit. I don't think it's stupid bullshit. First of all, I think pigs are intelligent. I wish they were at wild. I have a deep

affinity to pigs are really example here, one of them, but

also kill them. When I eat the right yeah I mean I kill while pig. Let me be broader about this you're, not orthodox Jews. I see other things about the thing yeah well I, but I there's certain things of which I believe or practice that you that you probably disapprove or you you don't think they're the smartest there either

that there might not think is the smartest, but as I've gotten older and hopefully wiser, I give a fuck less about why you do what you do, but whether or not the benefits seem to be worth.

 

The juice is worth the squeeze and in New York case, I think to juice is worth the squeeze. I think you're, a very successful person, you're very reasonable you

telogen or an outstanding debater, and I enjoyed talking to and listening to you on. You too. I think part of that is because of the fact that your religion, right above you, you really,

I think, it's cross training. I think in a lot of ways it's like, if you lift weights for Ju Jitsu,

makes you stronger it'll make you it better. As long as you keep training, I think your discipline from your religion has there's psychological benefit

to it. Rare settling benefits to it. There's it's a really really get all that. I guess the point. The point is that we're different people, so yeah they're certain activity in which I engage the you probably think. Well, that's I would do that scan down yeah, I know. Okay, I don't I wouldn't it though I will I will I would, but I wouldn't I wouldn't I don't want to

do it. I want to wear a yamaka, but I get it under.

 

It was hard to keep it on your head and you just blew it. What what it bald dudes do they put a piece of double stick tape: they're not now, but you're not allowed to know you. Can you totally can be painful and uncomfortable yeah um going

is that in living in a society we all are constantly disapproving of each other right? Yes, this is just a disapproving of each other, all the time and so long as

not forcing that on anybody else. I really don't see the problem and I think everybody should sort of get over it like. If I don't approve of your personal behavior welcome to the club, I disapprove of ninety nine percent of people's personal behavior,

including my own half the. Do you how? How often do you debate people on the merits of religion or demerits of your belief system? You know not not super Frickley, but not infrequently. I mean, like I mentioned, that I've I've had this conversation with him. A couple of different:

do you, like he's so rabbit as an atheist, but yet you guys he's more religious SAM is more religious than I am SAM. Sam is more of a religious atheist and I'm, like I'll admit, questions about my own religion. Sam is very, very convinced of his correctness and his viewpoint sounds religious dude he's a fast,

 

thank God. He is. I I like him a lot and I and two and Michael Shermer. I've had, on my show, to talk about really

and skepticism and yeah, and all that I'm not shy about talking about it. I just that. Sometimes I find that it's it's kind of a dead end,

because sometimes it just turns into I believe in God, and then the person like, I don't believe in God, and it's like well, okay, fine, now now can we talk about the stuff. We think are the one of the fundamental

building blocks upon which you can base a society or basic politics. If we agree on

it, then you know the God stuff. I think God is a better base for those fundamental policies and Ben and belief systems. I think free speech

individualism democracy. These are based on a simple verse in Genesis that human beings are made in God's image. I'm I think that that's a logical leap. This is the case have made it to SAM. I I don't think you can actually get to

human beings are oven, estable, inestimable value from scientific materialism. If you believe that human beings are effectively

just animals that I don't know why they would be of infinite value, nor why should respect Sumbu

belief system simply because they're human respect

 

and for just another animal I I there's no, there's nothing that says it takes that logical, one of the, in fact most of human history. It was not the logical line of thinking it was, if you're a member of my tribe, then we like you if you're, not a member of my tribe, that we get to kill,

but is that a lot a logical comparison like it is? Isn't there a difference between single celled organisms and the way a primate interacts with its environment? Any yes, but I'm not sure why that would indicate any sort of greater existential value. It's not necessarily a greater existential value, but as we were talking about the value of community and the value of having a group of people you care about this is this: is a core component of be

being human. This is a it's a core component of this understanding mind, but that's that's it

rational, intelligent interface

sing with the universe. In a way that no other animals capable of I'm not saying you can't get to the point where SAM agrees with me, I'm saying that I think it's less convincing

and him thinks it is meaning. There's not there's an alternate line of thought that says: okay, you're, right, social fabric is great. You know, the touch

 

fabric is particularly awesome among me, and my friends know. Aren't that great, though

guys over there, let's go, kill him and take their shit like that was pretty much humanity work

very very long time and the simple and effective idea that the reason that human beings are value is because we are more than just

our material bodies and there's something that is us. That is of inestimable value. That's a religious can't

and it has a lot of weight now, if SAM once you get to the same place and we can build a political conversation, that's fine!

 

My real ardently SAM is SAM and I go down to the bottom of the iceberg about ninety percent of the way we have the same comments about free speech, diversity of opinion about, I think, to speech mostly an extent free markets. I- and I think that we we agree on a lot of these fundamental principles. He then says that he gets those from your reason. I have serious questions about whether pure reason, this acetates, those conclusions. He tends to think that those are the only conclusion to reasonable person could come to. If you properly apply a reason. I don't think that's right. What do you think is happening there? What's the matter,

I think the mechanism is that we are calm and, and what I said to SAM and when we were debating this in San Francisco, is it's real weird he's materialistic scientific materialist atheist? Who is sitting across the stage from me, a religious Jew? We agree on ninety five percent of our values. So how and

his answer was well, you know here's where I've studied. I study Buddhism. I've studied these philosophes and I've studied science and also is it.

 

I haven't studied a lot of those things, but we have the same value so why it seems to me a better historical explanation is that we have brought. We grew up ten miles from each other, in LOS Angeles, after three thousand years of common history of judeo christian development battles with reason in the West, like location, has something to do with us, and that location was rooted in commonality of interest and and philosophy. So I I'm less it's it's there's a we're nexus and I don't get to kind of deep in the winter there's a weird kind of nexus on what truth is

 

where you've heard SAM and Jordan Peterson Debate, this don was saying it was its wild and the truth is I'm closer to SAM than Jordan on this, I'm closer to Jordan and sand when it comes to the value of religion and I'm closer to SAM than Jordan when it comes to objective truth, SAM believes that there is such a thing as objective truth. Jordan tends to be more of a pragmatist. He tends to believe that truth is sort of what is useful to a certain extent, and my I grew with SAM, but I'm not sure how he gets to objective truth from a scientific materialist world view. Why is there

 

objective truth as opposed to what you think is what you think being evolutionarily beneficial? How do you get from that to it's a universal principle that is objectively true, it's it's it's a bit of a jump well depends on what the concept is right like what are you talking about in terms of talking the truth, I'm talking about anything that SAM says is true. What makes it true, as opposed to just evolutionarily beneficial for us to think so, meaning what evolution does is it creates a series of thoughts in our mind, presumably if you're materialist that are beneficial to your preservation and promulgation of the species? They're, not active, actually true.

So if it's beneficial, this is SAM's explanation for the prevalence of religion, for example, say: religions in true, but evolutionary biology, sort of drives people toward religion. So you can have group bonds that are beyond one hundred and fifty people or so why doesn't apply to math

the two into? How do you know that too, into actually equals? Four, as oppose

 

is evolutionary been evolutionarily beneficial for you to believe that two plus two equals four, so SAM believes there's an objective truth somewhere out there, the two plus two equals four. I don't know what evolution has to do with that sort of stuff. So what do you think is happening that he disagrees with so that I think that what is happening is that human beings were placed in an orderly universe through the process, he's a biology and have a unique capacity to understand that universe, because we are made in the image of God.

This is where I think that the religious viewpoint, however, just pretty strongly from from SAM's, but usually evil in evolution. Yes, you believe that evolution was a process that was co

created by God to formulate human beings. Yes, interesting yeah I mean that's, that's the nice thing about being religious. You can attribute most most everything to

well. Here's the thing: it's not that implausible.

 

If there was some sort of a grand plan, there would be no regard for like a hobo gotta get a rush on this making. The evolutionary being you know we're going to

you know, there's also read: the process is also to fine tuning arguments about how implausible would be for just Adams roaming around the universe randomly to and with with human creation. No and then the alternate explanation see no, no more and no less implausible domain like they need multiple, universes, very plausible, but we have no way to

prove it 'cause we can't get to those multiple universes. So how is that testable or the now popular theory that we're living in a simulation, not sure how that's more testable than God, not sure how more testable

aliens put us here like? How is any of this? Why is that more testable or more plausible than the idea that there is a force behind that which we see that has mind? Well, let's, let's just break this down so

 

Ali there's, obviously something that's happening, there's

obviously something that went from the big Bang to planet earth. In two thousand and nineteen, with cellular communication and satellite dishes and obvious

something happened, something

pretty radical. Why it happening? Is it happening because of

random events, that sort of

coincide with Bio

LG and the technology? And all these things come to fruition to you and I standing across from each other talking on this podcast in front of millions of people

or is this? Is this just how things go? Is things compete constantly, try to get

better and then, in this gigantic ecosystem of all these things competing and trying to get better one super successful organism us rises above and continues right and continues in

by far passes all these other creatures below it and moves we.

 

In our estimation, I mean, if you really

leaving evolution, you can't think we're done right. It's got to be moving towards some better product that keeps going until it creates. So this is why I said

SAM is more religious than I am. I think that there's a plausible argument for atheism. I just don't think that there is a plausible argument for SAM's moral vision of atheism, meaning that what what but SAM tends to do is it like, for example, you and I've talked a lot on on this particular podcast about the value of self betterment and

making decisions and being responsible for those decisions. How does that work in an area we don't have free will so SAM actively says we do not have free well, yeah, that's a weird conversation is, it

is a weird conversation in sort of a self defeating one SAM suggests when it comes to the scientific method that we're using science to find out truths about the universe

and we're using reason seems very big on reason. I also, and they got a reason, but I don't know what how SAM is defining reason, as opposed to just eight evolutionarily beneficial firing of neurons, meaning that.

 

That's what we are right, where balls meat laundering purposeless through the universe and then he'll talk about

making our own meaning or seeking human, human prosperity or and flourishing, is excuse. These are all very active verbs for it is it is it? Is it an activation of man in the universe, Brian and I'm not sure how that flows from were appalled me to fall from another ball of meat that evolved eventually, if you go back far enough from non balls of mate without

any without any free will without any capacity to choose, I don't I don't know he built a civilization on that with two different conversations here, one is determination or determinism, rather, whether or not you have free will or whether or not your life and your actions are being do

stated by the past by your biology by your learned experiences by external pressures. What is causing this very clear decision that you make is this:

we will. Are you deciding to get my shit together or all the factors are

 

and you pushing you and funneling you into this, this direction that you it's unavoidable

right and that you are not a product of free will you're just a product of a lot of different factors right or is it both? Is it that you are the

product of your environment in your life experiences, and you also have free will right and I'm I'm in the latter group, I'm in the latter group I think as well. I think we also experience great benefit from making positive choices

and then experiencing like whenever you meet someone who's lost a lot of weight want one things: they have this

fucking tremendous feeling of accomplishment

yeah. I lost one hundred like holy shit man, one hundred right like they get this positive feedback from it. There's there's real good and making good choices, and when people

decide to get their shit together and make a good choice there were awarded. The question is: are you doing that because of determining?

Are you doing that because of free will or are you doing that

 

because of a combination of both of those things, and can you fuel that free will purposely threw like outwardly seek

seeing things that are motivational or things that are educational things that allow you to kind of re map? The way you process reality right, which can be extremely beneficial and can aid in you taking steps towards

exercising your free will right, love it and that this is why I think that in the end it and it right, but that that is pretty fundamental question, and I think that that's why in the end, I'm religious and I'm not

why SAM isn't, because he agrees with the same premise- is right: he'll he'll talk about so

betterment of decisions that you can make and then he'll write a full book about why free will doesn't exist, and I just don't understand how those two things can co exist. Yes, it's ah! Well, I think it's a thought experiment. First of all, I think the hold

permanent thing is a thought experiment, because there's really no way to determine right, like you

and actually the artist, though for sure right I mean like there's just no way to act otherwise,

 

but I I guess it is absolutely act as if I have free will and we all do. I get angry at me

self. When I fucked things up, I don't say well, it's just determine is a man. I know that doesn't get you in and the, but maybe it's determinism that has put me in this position, where I'm the kind of guy that gets upset. If I fucked things up right.

No, I don't know man, I don't know, but I don't know you if you know either that's my my take on all these things with people get really rigid with their ideologies. Yeah like okay.

I want to hear it out. I want to hear the whole thing you know

in here at all. I'm not sure. If you know I think, there's a adding there's. No, I think, there's a lot that I don't know, but I know it. There's more plausible must plausible. I agree. This is where I think people misunderstand you. You have your beliefs but you're, not a guy that imposes them on people and I think

we need to be way more reasonable in terms of the way we address people's beliefs and

 

I'm guilty of this in the past. I'm sure many people listen, you have everyone has, but I think it's a core component to a healthy community is to allow people to have their own belief,

and you know who knows man, maybe your beliefs on gay people will adjust and move over time as you get older and move into a gay neighborhood, and

I don't I get. Is that it it looked. It is not it's not about tolerance. I understand, I know a lot of different things. Yeah I mean, I don't know yeah it's it's it's it's a difference between understanding people are as as whole

people and then saying that I don't like some of the things that they do and

simply saying that making the assumption that, because I don't like some of the things that you do, we can't be friends or I disapprove of you is an entire human being, which I think is not true. It's a good

belief system to have. If you straight and then you go look

lock down, don't need to worry about that. I got a, but if you were gay God

not to be a pain yeah, absolutely I mean it would be annoying.

You just always wanted to bang dudes and everyone saying no

 

yeah. I know not to do it. Nobody said, religions, easy man, it's a ha. What's the value,

though, if you're, if you're, a giant homo

all you want to do, is go to gay discos and party, your ass off, that's what you enjoy some people like golf, okay, some people, some people

like parasailing, some dude just want to.

I can get it on man. You want to dress up like the village people and go have a fucking party. That's why Santa Monica Boulevard such a hot spot and they find each other you know, do whatever you want to do.

Do whatever you want to do men, don't don't ask me to think that don't ask me to like put my stamp of moral approval on

to send the do you want to do it like it's free country? This is a. This is, should be a free country, not just

it is a free country. It should be a free country. It should not be my job to police, your personal behavior right right right, like you, doesn't mean I have to approve it on a personal level, but

 

I'm a jerk. If I want to impose my belief system on your personal behavior that effects no one else, I mean the definition of you and I'm a hypocrite. If I continue to braid you about your opinion on gay folks, what do I give a fuck with Europe

correct? Because you are a reasonable person and you do your very polite and if you're in friends with Dave Rubin, so there you go, there's got to be something there.

It's it's a strange thing, though this

this need that people have for everyone to think the way they think, and

I understand the need to reinforce your own thoughts and and and and and argue them and.

Try to figure out a way to debate that the other person's perspective is in correcting your perspective is correct. I understand all these inclinations of people have but are. Are you? I think that they conflate that with bigotry right now, and I don't exactly, I don't think you're a bigot.

 

I don't agree with you about gay folks, but that's one of the for you, the marijuana things as I just don't think you have any experience in it right and as far as the as far as disturbing I, I think that we probably don't disagree on I'm gay folks. I think we disagree on

identity in gas yeah. You know the rest of it. I mean as human beings yeah. These are human beings that I I know many gay people who I think are significantly better human beings and religious people that I know now they're out. I'm glad you said that yeah, I think, come.

If there's a way, I don't have a defined religion, but in a way I have some pretty rigid ideas that I have in my head about

behavior and ethics and morals and how you treat people you care about. Those are those are like the pretty rigid and I think

the things that religion does is it allows

 

cause you to have this sort of ethical framework sort of like you. What what is it called scaffolding

you feel like it allows you to develop a more disciplined life and

it just shows you. This is good in this is bad and it's clear and there's this most important in the for the most part, it's good for the most part at these are these are good patterns to follow, and I think that most certainly

sort of adopted my own somewhere along the line. I think we all do. Yeah, I mean honestly value system. Affectively is usually a form of religion

when you're saying that SAM is religious, he's a religion,

the a vs you're, not selling system, yeah, you're, not being an accurate there's. A lot of folks do that we we do develop the sort of

symbols that we were not just free, Willy nilly just do whatever we want all day long. No one does that

 

the reason I say it is sort of facetiously, but I think that we all make fundamental assumptions about the nature of human life and we have to recognize that those air assumptions you can't it's. It's not reason all the way down. You know that, because that tends to actual become even more inflexible than its I'm, the only reasonable person in the room. My reasons are the only ones that matter. So it's my reasons all the way down acknowledge that we're all making some assumptions, and then we can discuss whether those assumption

it's worthwhile or not yeah the thing that, when it comes with religion in defining whether or not other people's behavior sinful, where it doesn't involve you that

it's where a lot of folks start thinking that maybe these ideas are bigoted right, but it does involve me, meaning that well, I'm

then join everything that I say is a sin is ascendant in joins me. It's just that. I may not have a desire for that particular sin.

Did meeting I'm not I'm not holding people to a different standard that I hold myself?

Nor am I saying that I never said right, but you know that you have different

biological desires and they do kind of acknowledge that right. Of course. That's true, of course, that's true by

 

token. I assume that a gay guy doesn't have the desire to stop one thousand women which most straight guys d'oh Nia. Why do you think if, if God has a plan, why do you think you could create gay people? I mean, I think that God creates. First of all, I don't think that

I'm in a position to evaluate gods plan, but it works if you like, if I, if I had to guess God created people with all sorts of different challenges and those challenges span the spectrum-

I'm not so God sneaks it up on you, hey man. I know this is going to be fucked up, but

just like dudes like forget about women you're going to like do.

I am not. I want you to ignore that which I listen to my old book. I don't know I don't gives people God gives. I don't know I got, gives kids can,

sir? I don't know a lot of things about God wish I did, would make my life a lot easier, so you

that that is a challenge a can

 

to any other challenge that a human being my face in this life that the challenge of but a lot harder, yeah a and a lot more difficult and a lot more straining in a lot. Yeah, of course, do you think there's value in following that challenge and not acting on gay urges, I think they're I think they're candy and having sex the wound plug your nose, grew and make face because you discuss, did you create it? Did you create a baby out of that? Did that, but is that baby like a part of your life? Now the

this is that is deep and meaningful. Maybe what about that and passed a lot of gay guys having kids? What about people saying living their truth? I'm living my truth, bench Pero

I mean, as a general rule living. My truth is a bunch of crap, like there's, there's living your opinion, which is fine. Like love your opinion, how you want again that gets back to

do what you want as long as it's not bothering me living. My truth is a different thing.

That's one of them social media creations like living. My truth is such that

bullshit, I'm sorry with everything matrices bullshit like there's. No such thing as your truth. There is the truth.

Then there is your opinion and we do have for purposes of conversation. At the very least, it's deeply irritating when

 

say living my truth, because then it's like, I disagree with you and then like well, your your disavow

point is a human being. No, I just disagree like you can be you you can do it. You want you do whatever

man can't calm down like I'm, how did I become the most Loosey goosey,

libertarian Lean back guy in the world in the city,

Heidi? How is this possible most uptight person? I know how is this a thing? Well, you know.

Well, as I do that the further you go left you you,

you reach the same sort of zealotry that you

do when you go all the way. Rice is correct. You meet these crazy people that are just completely connected to their idea of being correct and they take the most rigid

dance on all these issues, on the left side or on the right side, and it's so God, damn common human behavior. It's also it's it's a it's also, incredibly boring yeah. I mean that there's nothing to discuss with with yeah. I agree

 

me and that's one of the reasons why it's so disgusting when people miss label people like there was an article that connected me with Richard Spencer, like what in the fuck like

that, is such a such a disingenuous thing to do yeah. They know what they're doing they're the trying to get me to react to it. Talk about it and get more to collect hot yeah yeah. It's it puts horse yeah

like anybody, but if you are locked into that far

left ideology as far left as you can go, and it's one of the problems with ideologies that have these extremists is that you believe in a percentage of the things these people say, but then they go way too far with it, but you're connected with them. Your

 

active with them, because you're part of that, even though you don't have a similar notion, Steven Pinker got brow beaten over suggesting that failure to ask questions and give plausible answers gives excuse me credence to the all right that that, if you do a is so, he did a whole speech where he said. Listen there lots of conversations about I q and race, and they all right, loves these conversations, because then they did, they suggest wrongly. The black people are inherently unfit and white people are more fit and all that kind of stuff- and he says there are great ways to explain

how much my cue is- is cultural. How much can be changed? How much is genetic? How much that actually matters in terms of real life outcomes? We can do all those things, but when you say don't ask the question, stop asking the question, then you make people, Google and the only thing that they will google and find our answers that are given by people who are actually all right

right. He got ripped as all right for this yes argument was: don't allow people to push into all right answers by failing to give them proper response

 

is or by throwing him out the window, and then people like well you're all right now, because you're saying that people should be able to

questions like it's almost like it's just like it's the exact same version as people in the religious community, where it's like.

You know I used to go to Sunday School and then I asked him any questions and they kicked me out right. That's that's not how religion supposed toe!

That's, not how that's not how reason is supposed to work? That's not how any of this is supposed to work right and

there's also when, when you're investigating anything

any measurable thing, when you find a

number whatever it is like these, people, like asian folks, are better at mathematics. European folks are better at this, like what is it? What's the reason for that? What, let's, let's find out, is it

cultural? Is it biologicals it's something: can we learn about how human beings evolved and adapted? Why nigerian so smart,

there's so many Nigerians to come to this country? They thrive, they thrive in business, they're, extremely motivated there

 

extremely disciplined. It's like a it's like almost like korean folk. Why the Koreans like? Why are they so hard work?

Why the they in? Obviously these are big generalizations, but what is it about it? What what what makes him wear gold

saints and love mafia movies like what is it? Those are my people. We go with the flow. What the why they all talk like that like? What is that? What causes any sort of

ethnic group to turn out the way they turned out? What why are so many european Jews, Nobel Prize winners, right what the fuck is going on over there and also like what is the impact of the measure

all on how we live our lives?

How much of this stuff matter is this? Is this a result of discrimination, or is this a result of something else? Is it true that, when you group any group

well together, racially are non racially? There will be disparities between those two groups of people. This is just true statistically like, but not asking those questions and then

shut down the questions. What that actually does it leads people to only get the answers to the questions from the people who don't know what they're talking about in many cases and who are giving

 

need easy and self flattering answers about the nature of themselves. The fear

is it being used by racist to reinforce their positions, but what you find out is that the your race right, superior race

and they'll do that anyway, like one of the one of the funniest things about. What's the premises is they're so fucking stupid, imparting the language like the white supremacists are invariably not the Nobel Prize winners, hey

it's it's! It go a white supremacist

compound you're, not looking at a bunch of people who are curing cancer and these people pissed.

He often- and this is now I'll say all that won't

media label me all tomorrow, yeah, it's goes well the distance,

tenuous media, that's being less and less taken seriously taken less less seriously. It's. It seems to me that that trend,

which is a common trend- that's existed for the last few years of these click, Beatty Bullshit Articles and MIS labeling people. It's going to go away because your your your perspective is not going to be appreciated. It's not going to be respected if you, if you're, obviously making disingenuous statement

 

like that, and I think I'm were in this weird position, where it's very difficult to find real journalism and real objective takes on things that aren't flavored by their ideology and everybody's trying to shape everybody, and they feel like it's our obligation. They feel as many people that write things that feel like it's their obligation to change your perspective on national subjects, and things of that are important to us that she is not their obligation. Just report what's going on, but also their Abu

should flavor things in a way that will make one side look favorable to the other yeah. Well, I'm very much in favor of journalists revealing their biases. I think that the greatest line media is that objective journalism is a thing. Journalism is a thing, so I'm conservative, my only you'll, get a conservative get on the news. That's the way it's what's gonna work and guess what CNN's, liberal and they're going to give you the

it's been on the news and that's just the way this is going to work. Did you see the video when the Mueller report came out? They look like so many are killed. All my god. This is crazy.

 

It is that it can be happy exit. Should you be happy if you guys believed in Miller, everybody was like Mueller. Is the fuckin man he's going to go get trump? This guy is methodical, he's precise,

keep trying to find it out and everything votive candles with his face on the good like bird, they were parked yeah and then it came out. It was like well, no collusion of is like well. I guess that now to cover up, if they they have my what wait a minute

yeah, maybe maybe the narrative has maybe the narrative has- has trumped the actual job. You were supposed to do guys. Well, it's just so many people were

so convinced and there were so many people that were making statements that, in retrospect are probably like. You could probably.

I mean I want to say, I'm not a litigious person, but if I was a guy like Donald Trump, oh man,

 

yeah, there's so many people to sue is it it was. It was amazing. I mean I remember, I was on Bill Maher's show and we were supposed to talk about free speech stuff and like five minutes before he's like let's talk about Russia's producer came and let's talk about Russia, and I was like ok fine, so we get on producers

yeah. This is like right where they switch off. Your tv shows with just tell you what you have to talk, and now it's a guy comes in with a clipboard yeah. They it was. It was a little bit is a little bit strange and we got on stage and he's talking about Trump. Russia collusion, and I said what I've always said,

which is I'll wait for the evidence to come out, and then I will make a decision as to whether Trump Russia collusion was a thing and bill more radical.

I am and Bill Marr goes you don't you don't believe it was a thing now that? Well, I don't see any evidence yet that it was a thing like. I see some evidence of attempts to collude. Like John Junior, I see some attempts of people trying to get information. I don't see evidence of like actual legal collusion and why don't we just wait like you guys, keep wanting Miller to gives it like? Let's just wait on it

 

and Mark could not believe that this was my perspective right. It was like it was like shocking to him. Why should? Why? Should the perspective, I'm waiting for more evidence be shocking to

anyone when it is obvious, the evidence is not out

why. Why is that in any way? Controversial? It's it's bewildering to me! Well, it's because people have this

need to. Let everyone know that they're on the right side and they want you to know that they do, but

even the collusion, if you disagree with that, for whatever reason you must either be

a right wing person, a Trump supporter someone's it who's in the Nile, someone doesn't look at the evidence and you're part of the problem yeah, but the the real problem was jumping to conclusions

they're. Obviously seemed to be some attempts, there's there's,

obviously some factory with that. I are a company that did the the internet research agency, that is responsible for the millions of interactions with people online, with a pretended to be right. Different

 

supporters roles caused conflict like constant conflict in regards to political opinion, and

that's all real that was coordinated effort to try to change people's opinions, but how much that had to do with Donald Trump? How much the ask for Christmas? Is you got no evidence? Also? I was always bewildered by this theory. Like did you watch that campaign? That was not the

well coordinated campaign. It was chaos. It was chaos I mean I knew everybody who's in the campaign like it was a. It was a shit, show

the idea that they're sitting there but there, but when the mask comes off at night, the code letter Putin they put together a point by point plan on how they're going to swing in this particular precinct in rural wish it in rural miss

again what what are you? Are you get high like what were you talking about like what like, if you contribute this uses anything here? Here's a good rule of thumb for politics, everything to stupidity, unless you can prove malice

the real problem- and this is something that is very similar to what we were talking about earlier.

 

When you say something, and you say it over and over and over again- and you

say it with such conviction and it becomes a giant part of your news narrative and then that something turns out to be horse.

Yeah you just massively empower trump. That's that's exactly right

for a long time that I'm not a big fan of Trump's fake news. Stick because I think he applies it to broadly. I think that whenever there's a bad piece news like fake news and it's like well- sometimes yes, and sometimes no, but now that you just blew a two year narrative where he was clearly in Putin's pocket. How many people, you think, will listen to the nuanced view of fake news now and how many people do you think are going to actually believe from when he says that a bad piece of news is legitimately a fake piece of news yeah and empowers him in a in a spectacular manner. They made a giant mistake,

oh yeah, and they blew that they blew this one in spectacular fashion and people are still hanging in there. Well, they had to do. This is true for so many people right now. All you have to do is not be crazy, just stop it.

It was talking about the possibile.

 

The trump has been a russian assets since, like nineteen eighty seven or so I mean it was so it was that I mean Andrew Mccabe. The former FBI director was asked whether Trump was legitimately russian asset he's, like I don't know, it's like you're, using the power of the institution used to run to spread this nonsense and Iggy. You got that from John Brennan. He got it from James Clapper. These are all former heads of the intelligence. Agencies just makes me think. The intelligence agencies need to be while the car

jack- if these were the heads of them, I mean, like the heads of the intelligence agencies, are using their platform to proclaim that they have inside information about Trump. That turns out to be utter nonsense. I'm not sure these people should

have that much power to like. Is that what he's saying or is he saying he doesn't know? He didn't say I

no, he was saying like I have. Basically, I expect that Miller is going to indict,

as a former tells relational expect it the there's a lot of that it was ugly Adam.

I mean how committee doing the same thing. It's crazy now, 'cause like what do they do now like? How do they rebound from this? If this is something you would just say once this is something you said for two years: you've seen

 

the compilation, video yeah, there's always that they've done him to rap music, so they like they put a beat behind it.

If you seen it now, I know there's some great ones. Some great company, these compilations of people, saying possible collusion.

This book collusion pop yeah yeah in this music that goes with it, and I just cut to possible collusion with the Russians possible. Russian collusion yeah possible russian collusion. It's yet they they they blew in a major way. Yeah I mean is punisher to complain about. You didn't have to go with that. Like it, a idea

was that he was a trade target, rich environment and you decided to go to he's a russian traitor like it's no way out or something and he's Kevin Costner's class in like what what in the way he could have ever beaten. Hillary. Sorry, I'm going to check my wife to get outta here. Man. I do a little bit when you have to leave right now, like I wanted to ask you one more question, see one more question: what do you think about this Chelsea Manning situation? 'cause? I don't know

exact exactly what happened other than she's in contempt of court and so

 

they've got in solitary confinement. Now this is about testifying yeah. I have too many I'll be honest. I'm calling it that closely. I mean my my understanding is that Chelsea Manning who, okay, so here's our get cut your caller Bradley,

no hm? He changed his name to Chelsea. He is a biological male

leave your nice tendering. Are you dead, naming as well? Don't know? No! I don't! I don't get it unless we're talking about when he committed his crime, to which point actually Bradley is close right here right so for talking about

convicted, and that was a male name, Bradley Manning you say they are not the formerly known as Bradley it if we're talking about he

 

being who's currently in jail. That is a male who is currently known as Chelsea S O s. Oh, my understanding is that is that Chelsea Manning is a refused to hand over information that he was legally bound to hand over about Wikileaks on now. There were complaints it is being held in solitary, but that's not true, apparently, and that he's being mistreated. I do find it weird that the same people who are complaining about Donald Trump coordinating with Wikileaks are very upset about Chelsea Manning going to jail for coordinates

of Wikileaks. You're gonna need to pick one or the other is Wikileaks. Batteries wiki leaks, not bad. What is wikileaks? It's on Lee dependent upon whether or not they're supporting the narrative that you want. That's exactly right and you stayed in the last few weeks was very good. Remember exactly was right and left by the way like they're people on the right words like Julius Julian Assange's, the worst and then two thousand, and sixteen happened like Julian Assange and now there's a person. I can really talk to

 

now. I'm pretty sure Julian Assange. Jj is ah a Wikileaks. Good information suggests they are russian front group and take make of that. What you will end of story. Do you think that they became a russian front group to try to stay operative and stay safe, because they were obviously be

attacked by the United States government and in danger being shut down and then they've?

I really don't know enough about Wikileaks. T really get into it. I don't know historical, but I, but I know that he's been trapped in that embassy for thousand and twelve yeah twelve yeah. I mean I hope that he's got some video games or there in there. Man he's been in there for like seven year

now, right to one side of that is a long time it can't go outside.

I had no sunlight PAMELA

visits every now and then he's fucked.

I mean it's, it's a terrible place to be, and I don't know if it's better than prison, because it's like the stress of

him, never knowing when they're going to come, knock down the door and pulled him out of there. I was like how well does that guy sleep, seven years in that embassy, it can't be great, can't be great.

 

Awfully took his internet away right. I think that it that's, although to be fair Wikileaks, was releasing information on specific american soldiers in lines of combat so we're.

Yes, they didn't redact any of the names. That was the problem. That's why people were pissed really yes,

because in so I really don't know, I'm from Chelsea Manning was that he dumped all the information with you looks, including stuff. Those hundred acted and Ricky

leaks, just released it. The was I was telling those the claim anyway. I don't know if that's accurate,

because if the you find differently than let me know because I'll be happy to correct yeah, you know, I'm sure you will.

I just don't know if it that is, I don't know, I don't have the information in front of me. Do you want to check now I'll take too much time that folks are going to have to google this one, but when one of the things that I was thinking when Trump got into office with all this drain that swamp shit, I was like. I wonder if Trump would be a

 

Duke supporter, one of Trump would be happy, depends what, if it helped them, yeah sure right, right or even and snowed in as well. I was wondering about that. Yeah I mean it's same sort of thing I mean. Unfortunately, politics very often has little to do with principal and everything to do with convenience yeah. So if it's helpful sure it's not

and I like him, who's, always anti deep state and talking about the the men

I do have extremely critical, a yes, but I do. I have a feeling it was went once you actually sit in the backseat. I think that tends to change. Remember Obama was too yeah five minutes later. Who's from

people well, listen, um! I know you gotta get out of here. So let's just wrap this up. Tell people about your book.

Yes, you can check out my book. The right side of history talked about a lot of the sort of deeper issues we're talking about. You know christian values and reason and sort of the it's it's a kind of short form: philosophical

history of the West, from Sinai through Greece and talking about all the major enlightenment philosophers. Some of the things we talked about on the

 

l are in the book. It's number one bestseller on the New York Times, nonfiction list, at least at the moment.

Since then, that's awesome, yeah, really pretty spectacular, excite except your show, also bends pair of so you can get the bench pair show on. I tunes you get on you to your Sunday review, which I did once yes, any specials wellness, specialist and yet again- and I would love to thank you

should be in here and then your books available on Amazon everywhere, the other bench peerless German. Thank you, everyone for tuning

into the program and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to cast

for mattresses. Ladies

gentlemen, you can get one hundred dollars towards select mattresses by visiting casper dot com, Slash Rogan and using the promo code Rogan at checkout, that's casper, dot, com, Slash Rogan and Promo code Rogan for one hundred dollars towards select mattresses terms and conditions

 

apply. We are oh, so brought to you by the cash up the motherfucking car shop, the no

for one finance app in the app store, the easiest way

for you to send and receive money and buy and sell Bitcoin, and on top of that, it comes with

cash. Car download, the cash app from the app store or the Google play market order. Your cash card today

and when you download the cash app enter the referral code, Joe

Rogan, all one word: five dollars would go to you. That is five three dollars and better. Yet five dollars would go to support our good friend, Justin Brands, fight for the forgotten charity which helping to build wells for the pygmies in the Congo.

Thank you also to Traeger Grills Grill, I'm cooking on it tonight. How about that? Yes,

 

I fucking love their grills they're, really fantastic they're, so good at maintaining temperature and getting up to temperature quickly and now, with their new d to direct drive, drive train, it's they're even better and their applications. Fantastic again, I use them all the time. I've been cooking on these things long before their sponsor go to trigger grills dot com, slash job

to check out the new grills or find a local dealer at trigger grills dot com. Slash Joe! Thank you. Everyone appreciate you all much love bye, bye.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, support for this podcast comes from DDP Yoga,

Now, if you don't know, DDP is diamond. Dallas page

pro wrestling legend, an awesome, dude who's been on this podcast before. Well, what do you do

with DDP Yoga program and helping people.

Change. Their lives is pretty spectacular. Who's gonna on the show a few months ago, and it was one of the Mo

Inspiring- shows that we've ever done by far. He had this one video of this gentleman who could barely

walk me. He was on crutches and had all these physical issues and through a long program

of DDP yoga at the end of the video, this guy's running this guy's doing yoga he's doing all those positions that that Dallas does. It was really incredible stuff,

so anyway. I told him that I'd love is yoga and he said Bro, it's not yoga. It's. He calls it ddp why it doesn't call it DDP yoga anymore, change changed it, but it's fucking yoga. Alright, it's yoga for people who



don't think they want to do yoga at a yoga studio and be all Nama stay in shit. I've tried a few, the DD

why yoga moves with him and it's very difficult. It's hard he's actually got an extra twist to it. He has an ex,

dynamic tension aspect to his yoga? That does make it. It makes it more dim

just regular yoga, he's a bad and he's a guy who fixed his back with yoga,

he was having all sorts of injuries. You know when you're a

it's a pro wrestler a you're, an enormous man like Dallas and you're, throwing other enormous men around your slamming into the turn,

styles and bouncing off the ground mean these guys take a beating and he

figured out a way to rejuvenate his body and heal his back through his yoga. It's reading incredible, go to

DDP yoga dot com, Slash Rogan and you can see the

yo this guy getting bad.

It's it's really amazing, and if you want to try that



Y program, they're, giving Jerry POT

fast listeners, a code that will take twenty percent off all of their ddp, why yoga workouts? Thank you, fantasy, yoga TDP. Why workouts

whether you invest in the best bang for your buck, their seven day, free trial on their Dd

Cpy Yoga now app or your olds,

and you want to get the dvds in your hands still

you three months on the app to try it as well, so be a part of one of DDP.

He's inspiration, meets perspiration workshops, ah, go to d D, P Y yoga workshops, dot com and again it really is an all

program Y yoga, DOT, com, Slash Rogan! You can go there and see that video. That was a along add. We

also brought to you by the so right. If you don't know what that is, this is a device that it

massages and loosens



you're. So as muscle it's popular for all kind,

athletes. It was actually told to me by Michael Chandler, and then David Goggins is also really into

very easy to carry in your life in your office? Sticking your chair, it's good! You can sit on an airplane

It's a small piece of plastic that you can carry around with

it's very light and it releases very hard to reach muscles easily

the videos online on Youtube and Instagram, just search o dash

E. I love this thing. I actually bought it.

Long before it was a sponsor and

I use it all the time we have one here at the studio. I have one at my house. I I love them through the shit. Okay, so

use the promo code: job,

Logan all one word for twenty percent off the so right.

Is already twenty percent off on p s o dash r. I t e d,



comin on Amazon in the US, so with my code right now, you get an additional twenty percent off, which is pretty fucking good right. So

p s o dash r. I t e dot com and use the code word Rogan for that additional twenty percent

ok, okay, okay, okay, we're also brought

I liquid IV

reviews this is a fantastic hydration mixture and if you

If you're a fan of hydration liquid ivy's got you covered, it's

faster and more efficient than water alone. With the added bonus of vitamin c b3b 5b6,

b12 and it will give you increased performance because, when you're properly hydrated, you allow your body to perform.

Best and burn more calories, reduce muscle cramps, which makes for more efficient workout. It's also great for people all you fuckers that live in the cold weather



in winter hydration, liquid ivy helps fight altitude, sickness from skiing, snowboarding trips to the mountain and for winter travel it's great to prevent jet lag when traveling. It helps to prevent at least and

convenient TSA friendly powder. Packets are perfect for on the go travelers, it's also good for cold and flu season.

You can go and check out liquid liquidivy dot com and enter my promo code Rogan. To get this fantastic savings, you go liquid, Liquidivy dot com and use the promo

Ro Gonna check out and you get twenty percent off anything you order on liquid ivy's website. That's liquid, I v dot com and use the promo code Rogan

wait, get hydrated today

and my guest today. My guest today



is one of the most controversial people in the United States of America. I have been friends with this gentleman on and off we're back on again

for least twenty years. I've known him- and this was a fun

cast, if you like God, damn it, I'm not listening this guy, give it a chance if you're, drunk or stoned, definitely give it a chance you're going to love it. I hope, if not a lot other pocket

still isn't. If, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Alex Jones,

the Joe Rogan experience

Alex Jones were live

wow it's going to be back for the second visit. It's good to be here. Man good see, see we

trump meeting with Kim Jong on we've got the

Cohen hearings in Congress. A lot of energy going on a things are happening: planets are aligned



we should tell everybody that you and I had with. First

we had a long conversation on the phone which led to just

a lot of talking you were driving to Vegas a few weeks ago. We took their own half and then we

side to do another podcast and we cleared the air on the phone.

We decide to clear the air more in a podcast there's a lot of things going on

I told you a long time ago that I would have you back on and in the interest

of being completely honest, there's I was

to do it not because I didn't want to talk to you, but because of just the amount of bullshit that I get from

able to get angry that you and I are friends. You know that give that guy a platform, that's

when will give that guy a platform, that's the big one. You know, but you- and I have always had a good time together- was that we've always had fun together are only problems have always been when we're not

like. If you're talking about me or if I'm talking about you not if we're talking to each other, it's the distance,



has been the promise to telephone. If lack of communication, the lack of communication has been a problem. The thing that people

upset about you, the thing that we wanted to talk about like quick to get it over with or not not quick, but just to get

up front up front. That's the best way to misrepresented. Yes, is the sandy hook's? Yes yeah, so your take on it just give me your take on it.

Well, first off because it's always misrepresented, I

mass shootings happen and they're real tragedies and, I believe part happened.

And you believe sandy hook up absolutely and now

last year the meeting

came out and said, Alex Jones has partly didn't happen.

And he sending people to parkland parents, houses

and there was no video, no audio wasn't true. I think I said I believe, parkland happen, so I'm not going to be

the mass shooting, the tile guy, I huh,



been branded as the sandy hook. I even imagine a final cut pro video editing timeline. You go back

almost seven years ago. This is more than seven years now,

Internet didn't believe some of things about sandy hook. I

covering it weeks after my first articles and things are all this will be used for gun control and I bet the guys on Prozac

a mental patient which he was

about two weeks into it, my listeners

and start sending me all these anomalies and things and later

some anomalies weren't accurate and I

just moved on from it. Okay

I mean I'm, not animal Anza, I didn't kill those kids, but when I'm on the

now people don't know. Adam Lanza is the guy that killed those kids. They think it's me,

actually, I believe you're not in prison, for what you did to sandy hook. All I know is:

call sandy hook, that kids show, but I don't think that's, I think the

majority of them are angry, because the narrative has been that you're sending people to the sandy hook, families host home.



Exactly and I know you'll, never have that you're responsible for these people getting harassed because you said on your radio show that it wasn't really. Yes, there is video and audio of me saying I can see how people don't think it happened, and I can see how people think it's synthetic is. There's been staged. Events before.

That then gets edited put together cobble together, but I never said go to people's houses. I never said go investigated, you ever say that you think it's not real. Yes, I did. But now you do think it's real

because I learned some of the anomalies were not accurate. That's a problem

him with all this conspiracy shit right because the conspiracy

free stuff, the people that want to believe they

Even conspiracies with everything- and I think, there's a certain percent- and we talked about this- just

a few minutes ago now, when I started getting accused four years ago, a couple

until then I should know. I think it happened.



And the people that I had interviewed and things sort of saying he's involved he's one of 'em, because you are now saying that it happened. They thought they had been compromised. Yes and then I really realizing, oh

work. A certain percentage of people are schizophrenic exactly and then they just think every

This is a thing about conspiracies it's very attractive to people that are schizophrenic, schizophrenic people think everything's, a fucking conspiracy from

at the bottom, every single interaction that people have some sort of a stage event that's trying to take them down or control.

All this or mind- control that that's a big factor in

A lot of this conspiracy theory shit is mental illness

when I started people come to the office saying that I'm

beau bridges or that I'm Jeff Bridges, or that I am I bill Hicks and people in restaurants screaming f. You bill,

we know it's you it's kind of like Dan, rather of

threatening me. What's the signal Dan, what's the signal? What I have experienced now, the quote: fame of being sued



famous being conspiracy guy. I was legitimately questioning things because of Gulf of Tonkin northward

things really happened: babies that weren't thrown in

guys there, Iraq WAR,

I kind of realize a few years ago that I kind of had my own mild psychosis,

and that when you been lied to by the media and the culture so much over and over again, everything then starts become.

Automatically you're sure it's fake and then everything you. She fits into that.

You get four or five years ago I began to realize, because I was on the receiving end of people pulling up in white vans with guns at my office saying I know you put a microchip in my head and I'm going to kill you

so it was kind of like once I got super famous. It was like whoa.

There's a certain percentage of people that are way off on the spectrum where they believe everything is fake and there's

believe everything they hear is true. I mean you should be

you should be questioning, you should have the right to do it, but but it's somewhere in the middle, and so

this one will see about sandy hook, I legitimately,

and it would people brought up anomalies. I then had debate,



but on both sides. The internet push me to keep

bring. I probably covered it twenty times in the first

here's. What happened

and then, as soon as I questioned it not being staged, I got a so much that I said screw it mass shootings happen. I believe it happened, but then

media would call me or interview me and say: ok

tell us the anomalies of why you questioned they were gay,

ing me to say it again have right to question it but

they thought well, how shows versus dead kids Alex Jones and I AL shows arrested families. This is a perfect way to get this guy, who so popular get people to question to get people to think this would

years. I think I'm smart, I'm not to figure out what's going on so when Hillary, a few months before the election, gives us huge

says Alex Jones has a dark heart.

He knows sandy hook, kids died, but he says they didn't.

He sends people their houses he's the worst guy in the world. I came

I said: listen, I never



anybody the houses, but I apologize was taken out of context people the right to question, but I

sorry for the families and I'm sorry for hurt and I get it

experience crazy people now, big time. Just like you have

Please stop saying

I'm saying it didn't happen, please

stop saying: I'm sending people whose house is what happens when they put it on

every major tv channel local tv channels, radio, I mean I mean thousands of articles that then gets indicated a van. If I said one hundred thousand articles that slow number, though,

amount of sandy hook. Coverage against me has

then show insane so huge because it supposed to be the first domino that once I'm taking down, then all the dominoes fall. Well, it's also click bait. There's

also a thing. If you say Alex Jones Sandy Hook and you put in a title a certain amount of people just going to click on it Alex Jones '

is still pushing a sandy hook. Conspiracy theories, one that I saw just two days ago. Exactly

the point I've gotten to is here's the key.



They then they say more people are showing up in Connecticut, more people are coming their houses, which they are

Does the media is all over the news saying there's a big conspiracy here Alex Jones.

'cause, it doesn't happen, and so people then hear it

they think. Oh, you know it's like

looking for the Mossman or something they're all running up there in the media, saying in my name and I'm saying no, I believe it happened years ago and so then,

I'm getting the blame in the attacks in the demonization of the threats for what the

print media is saying over and over again that I'm saying that it didn't happen and the families are getting the threats and the families are getting in tax and the families are getting called crisis actors.

Yes, something different, oh my god in hindsight.

Absolutely but again I legitimately

powerful as it was.

I wasn't retrospectively looking everything I was doing as much as I should nobody's perfect as you,



the older you grow when you learn things, but I just began to realize about three years ago that

making my identity not being a national is not being a populist not being a free market guy there making

whole identity sandy hook and the

we're going to assume it end. Well, it's just because that's what gets clicks yes, but then, but then before I ever got sued

I said I believe sandy hook happen. That's not not my I I barely ever covered stop right. You

and that's not what they're doing they're not trying to make this weakness admit even worse, but they're not trying to make your identity they're not trying to define.

Do or do some sort of a documentary, a biography on your life there,

finding something that people want to pay attention to. This

are the problems with the news coverage today is that they find things that people want to pay it

into and they focus on them out of proportion it

three when they say that I

making money off sandy hook when, when the newspapers in the publishing houses

using me as a way to put out



that in cinerary. Hurtful thing: well, it's also going to be hurtful. I didn't mean to be in January, I was legitimately questioning. Is the internet was asking a bunch of other state stuff and then I say: hey take it back, don't do it and then

Oh no! We're going to commit this hurtful thing. That's for kill, free speech, but is hurtful in your freaking name, and

and that's. Why I'm not saying I'm the victim here, I'm saying: stop it because everything they do about the Platte

maybe the biggest frustration is. I still have my huge audience and radio stations in floor

news wars, dot com but reaching

people's very hard and then now

I've been silenced, the mainstream media can say whatever they want. Joe about you about me, and I can't respond. I mean you go to Youtube and type in Alex channels. Well, this is where you another negative stuff and there's one that says: White Supremacy and Alex Jones, and you click on

it's a famous british actor and author saying, Alex Jones, says: kill the

family.

Of of parkland parents and



we have lawyers getting ready to fall sued over this? I warn the guy sent letters he didn't take it out. I have to you, could pull up his famous projector forget to send

Youtube, all the main stuff

up on top. It's like the seventh eighth

this is Alex Jones and White supremacy. What to do about it and he says: Alex Jones

White Supremacist are saying:

go to the people's houses at parkland and kill the parents, and we have to take

the air base killed. The parents, there's no free speech for killing parents and I'm like dude.

Do not say that I'm going to get killed.

I am never said. Nobody now department, I sure, as hell didn't say, kill their parents let's. Let's so now can let's take the setting stuff. You know about fake news. They have green lighted, making anything

You can imagine up about me and it

like insane

and that's all I'm saying Is- is that

at a certain point, it's like Jesus. I get let's, let's take this step by step. I'm sorry,

it's ok! This invisible is. We want to give you



opportunity to communicate and

clear the air and talk and some of the shit that you

I talked about earlier. There's a bunch of things going on one there's: it's a story that attracts people's attention.

Right a story of a guy who saying that people didn't get killed when they did get killed, and it's horrific for people to look at it's horrific to people

about their own children will not only get murdered, but then someone would accuse them of being a crisis actor. So then they

pushing that story and that story becomes

thing that they make money off of which is really

and in some ways, kind of ironic. They keep this store

three in the news and they keep getting clicks off of you and

representing some of the things that you said yes

and some of the things that you said you wish you

and said to like. That's that's also real, but but I mean let's be clear,



not even defending myself people learn stuff, as you get older hindsight, you're like. Why did I do that? Like I used whatever? Was

big hot thing, on the internet, I would just debate because it was

interesting with this. What I wanted to get to you

you were doing this show and in this show, you're on the air hours and hours a day and you're

thing about all these. Various things is this:

is it fair to say that you weren't really one hundred percent aware of what kind of influence you were having? Absolutely if you,

did know you would a phrase things differently and done things differently. You know it's

even beyond that I was just younger and- and I was covering what

other people were saying. I was not the first, the tent, the hundred the ten thousand you

about it on the internet was a firestorm all over the news that people are denying it and I've got

was going hey, look at this video, but isn't it the problem with every single national tragedy? Anytime, something happens,

there's a certain amount of people that think that there's a conspiracy even



it's just a plane crash, even when it's just what the

thanks any sort of national. Exactly at all, I'm saying is

sandy hooks, not the hill on dying on. I I support people's right to question

and I understand, because there's been so much lying and corporate media and by governments and staged events that are admitted into classified that once people see that one thing was staged

then everything else must be staged, and then I-

been on the receiving end of

early. Thousands of made up conspiracies, which you laugh at until people on a truck with gun, show up yeah

and so I understand part of this- is

complex world. We live in all the information we have more than ever, and a lot of it is all the drugs people are on

a lot of it schizophrenics. This is a big problem, a big green

We were talking about this certain percentage of the beings. Half of Brazil has



raise arm to make she basically psychotic. Well, it doesn't make you psychology to risk. Taking crazy affects your judgment. This is toxic programs, you don't have more cats smell p S, yes it well, it definitely does that to to rats it actually re programs, rats brains, makes them sexually

and there's a bunch of parasites.

Each of them to some the probably haven't even been identified. That's where the whole crazy cat. Ladies and come from yes, that's exactly this, it's one of the reasons why they tell women when they're pregnant to stay the fuck away from cat litter. Don't touch cat litter, don't cats! Yes, you cats! Yes, you mean it can be actually fatal for babies, but the

China, King Middle, when they said, kill the damn cash. Well, I'm sure there's a lot of factors there right see

Wives tales were like you get demon possessed,

that cat and really it's a

membrane warm, but that's probably also why they told you that that's a real brain worm programming, like you were saying earlier, I looked at screw. I don't know that that the top soccer's teams have the highest level of brain worm infestation. Well, it's there's a disproportionate amount of people that live in.



Trees were the high toxoplasmosis infection with successful soccer teams. There was some stuff.

That was done on that, where we had a doctor, women that women more sexually promiscuous more they just yes, it's recklessness yes and they think the men are more reckless and that's why there's a disproportionate amount of motorcycle victims that test positive for toxoplasma

This is with Robert Sapolsky out of Stanford University was telling. Is there a way to removed? I don't think through right. Warm! I don't think there is.

Well, you know, there's like snails that get a brain warm that programs to the top of the tree

birds, eat it and then, and then it's crapped out and the snails eat that and then go and it's just food cycle. Yes, yes, so how don't tell me in classic evolution- and I also believe interpretation by by Right- wingers of

the bible- is not what it says, but I

solution? Answer big quick jumps, but we know what's going on, but the idea



just there's the worms and there's all these different. Well, what about the one that gets into a grasshopper through the aquatic worm gets inside of a grasshoppers body and gets the grasshopper to commit suicide, gets a grasshopper to jump into

water and drown, and then it comes out of its body and that's where it

it lives. It lives in the water, so it literally gets its

to commit. So how did that chain of events? How does that evolve? Where suddenly a worm gets in a grasshopper and

something a supercomputer couldn't do it be programs to drowned it.

Well, this is a matter of complex biology means, I think

it's insanely complex and that's something that science

lists, are studying on a daily basis to ensure that coming want to talk about me all day,

We are here to do it and I- and I know I don't have a talking point- I don't have a pr firm, yeah we've a top.

Before we don't here about what am I gonna Thio? What do you want to say today? So you could help me get it out. I don't

I'm alive, I want to say a bunch of things. I'm only learning how this works being



the process of it. It's giving me a much bigger view that,

three years ago, when I first got on here

because I've experienced what other

People have sent the bad things I did experience. I did it from a good heart. I believe question was okay. I was

other people questioning, but then

weird sick, irony

in the media that says that I'm the

on the rated sandy hook didn't happen. When I wasn't too, then in my name, popular

is it to a level of like they put.

Is key. Then, before you invade a major country, I mean this

been going on for years every day. The news, the print no

died at sandy hook. Outshone says Alex Jones has go to their houses and hurt them what the hell's it for it goes on and on and on and on what you're thinking this, because it's about you so because it's about you



becomes a primary point of focus because it's affecting your life and it's something you're concentrating on, but the volume is massive it is. Volume is massive because it's something that generates interest. This is part of the problem with the way

do news today. Anything that

rates. Interest I mean if the

if the media really cared, they probably

have would have never talked about it

never brought it up that we had real terror attacks in the sixties and seventies that weren't staged you go back and look at him,

the weatherman and all that stuff and the government. The media didn't cover it well. This is a long time ago.

But but but but they didn't cover because it gives. If you cover terrorists, they do it more right. That's true! I was agreeing with you yeah, okay, that's true

It's like in other countries, they don't print the name of mass

shooters in the newspaper 'cause. They don't want people to get attention for that.

Some, all I wanna say, is Joe. I genuinely I've known you twenty years or since, like one thousand nine hundred and ninety eight ninety nine

I genuinely really in trying to find the truth and



I realized that once I saw a bunch of the classified staged, events like north

like are or gladio or light Gulf of Alpha Tonkin or

small it I mean I couldn't help it. I do he probably assuming the day after it happened,

I said the guy's got a noose around his neck at two, a dot m and

ha go and fuck has a noose in Chicago who's, walking around with the news who even knows how to write. Who knows how to make a noose.

And the cops show up. Forty,

minutes later he's like the door with a noose around his neck yeah, I mean subway tile said it's fake, but that's it I'm sitting there I said Sumi destroy me, my it's fake. I can't help it but see. The problem is that the psychosis comes in because, if you're a little kid is I've been read more about Psycho,

try to understand this stuff, if you're a little kid and

somebody with red, hair beach, you and tortured you a check out man with red hair job title, what we're gonna not like guys around here, so so so it's kind of like or if you would like to



is a kid letter that creates mental illness later right. So we've been locked with the media in the corporate system and seen all these fake hoax is and the fake stuff about cabin. On the face of the coverage of kids and the face of

small it. She that's now the public. Actually, here's what happened, I'm getting huge backlash and small. It's not it's, not women. Who

given you back last letters and the public are like hey small, it's fake, the Covington,

these fake bhalaji, four,

mostly women, said it was all fake. So why are you saying Sandy

looks real everything's fake. It's like no dude everything's, not think that's. What I'm saying is that

torrential is gone and

so yeah there's a bunch of fake stuff, and we have a right to question it, but now now then now the general

put my fans believe everything straight. But let me stop you there, I'm ranting, I just it's. Ok, I want you to rent this, but this is. This is the nature of the beast. This is

but you're selling to a lot of these people. This is why they're tuning into you, they want to hear you uncover conspiracies, and some of them



aren't as bright as others, and some of them can't see logic. They don't see it, they don't understand, I'm legitimately questioning. I don't just think everything. I know you don't listen. I think. If you never talked about sandy hook, you have no problems. I really do believe that I believe there would be proud

times I think people would look down on you and call you a right wing lunatic and all sorts of other things which they

even know when I knew you when I first knew you you were getting arrested for going after George Bush. I remember when

but you are not a right wing system, a question here as well. You were asking him a pertinent question about the CFR and his dad's drug. Yes, exactly exactly, and this was it,

that was running for president as a Repub,

can getting you were I brought up IRAN Contra the CFR. My point: is you weren't you weren't tide to to a party? You were

to find the truth, and I only pray that when I align aligned with Trump that's when all hell broke, loose, yeah yeah, that was part

I think that was Hillary admits she looked at.



Whole Bio said sandy hook hit him on that right now. Do you still communicate with Trump? Not in a while?

I have a shot, it becomes a big issue, I mean I obviously make it was sir gets to be able to talk to Trump. I mean Don Junior was on tackles last night or talking about me him saying what happened is wrong in the fact that they've used

we as the way to start the casual society and then and then imagine there

supposed to block somebody from banking and they have a good record. It's not fraud. Here's a whole other story. I had an a plus plus rating with my shopping, cart and bank accounts. I had for twenty two years and

banks, looked at it and said: we've quite frankly, never seen anybody with a credit rating. This high 'cause, you never even do chargebacks with our shopping cart,

we'll. Do that? What does mean chargebacks point? Is we have the best credit to rest? Okay, a group out of Boston

which I'm not going to mention here for your show and things, but we're preparing litigation against who does the rate



it's a secret rating system for like Talib,

Al Qaeda, the mafia. That's that's! Given the bank executives two days before Paypal, bandits, they put a hate, does

patient from the southern Poverty LAW Center Shane, I'm basically a terrorist

So when I call you I hate person now it means a terrorist in Interpol, so all over

western world

and we've been sent documents out of England and out of the U S.

That we were sent this by high level banking people that have worked out. We make contacts, lawyers check that they can't believe it. They have

designated me is an international terrorist and that's how they took five of my six bank accounts and got me down to one bank account with

Trick Credit Shang. You cannot take money on your shopping, cart,

infowarstore dot com for Prada

which T shirts books whatever you.

You aren't allowed to be in commerce because you are a terrorist and what do they use to define terrorist h,

It's classified symbols and we got some of the docking pages hate ages, hate



and just so, they just decide arbitrarily that you're, a hateful person that you promote hate, no judge, no jury. It's the global chinese social score, that's what they're! All!

sing for here, but this is what we're talking about this very important. This is actually dangerous. This is

really dangerous to give people the ability to define people without any strict, rigid qualifications? Without anything, you can point to

If I was a convicted murderer and got out of prison. I started on.

Stores, sell, T shirts

that was Charlie Manson. He hit like four tv specials on on on CBS on sixty

I was a kid I watched, Charlie Manson. I don't think he was allowed to get paid for those, though I think that was part of the thing because of his

sure they have laws on that. But the point is: would do her all the river shows. The point is Hitler

Basically was the number one thing on the history channel when they first launched it, so you can hear what Hitler has to say, even though we

he's a bad guy. Well, why can't your Alex Jones has to say because

they have found what I talk about is effective. It gets people thinking and they want to

shut down because we've we've re launch



Populism enforces done this. My audience has seventeen

the six worldwide populism.

Globalism Anti communism, Anti China and the big tech companies, Google and

Apple, and all of them have publicly moved to China and they publicly agree

The sensor and control the populations in the nose and that's why TIM Cook got so mad

me and I made a huge issue to Trump and I sent reports the President. I know he got and that's what happened.

On that Sunday night when they said. That's it we're Donald Jones. We have to take him down because I got investigations going

at the national security level, sending big reports the President through law, firms of Reuters and

AP, and then the articles which he wasn't getting.

China has given the code keys by apple this last year and

is moving their database there. All the code keys have been given to the chinese government and apple says.

Just part of being there and Google's building dragon fly.

Help since the entire population with the social,



the scores are already. Testing in Venezuela with China

bring it here and everything you do live time will be controlled and all the

Airlines now are putting cameras in that watch you, while you're in there. You think. Let me stop you because you rent and again I am ranting. It's ok. You

think they're using sandy hook as an excuse to get you off the

and the sensor you and to take away your ability to make income not because of that, but using that as an excuse because of the other things you do like targeting things like Google and talking about

things that you're talking about where they're in China and China's allow their allowing China to censor the population, I'm just telling I'm not against Google or apple, they did a lot of cool things. I'm saying stop it

I told you ten years ago you were built here in the? U, with DARPA money, don't go help. China

This stuff don't be evil. Well, I only take something because I I knew someone who worked at Google. I know someone who used to work at Google. I should say their thought process was that Google is going if they don't.

Bring Google to China in a censored form they're going to copy Google.



This is the real. The real worry, because China copies everything I mean there.

Intellectual copyright, but there gonna steal it better now, true, but it. But this is what they're saying what was it about that job, but did

Let me let me explain something from the point of view of Google as a business, and I don't

is I'm not saying. I agree with this because I don't wish more apple juice, get some apple juice in your system, fella. They they thing

king and this is what I was talking to a woman who was a very high level executive and she was saying that they're going to steal it. If we don't work with them,

they're, just going to steal, Google and and take the code and make their own version of it. So then

as a business. There like this is inevitable they're going to do it anyway, we're just going to give in

to their censorship demands. I don't agree with

I don't think it's a good idea, but I don't know what I would do. If I was Google I'll tell him you'll tell what I'll tell the little tissue. What should they Dio for China, your dad on what that person told you



when I had the globalist fifteen years ago, twenty years ago, trying to buy me off ten million a year. You know whatever, by the way cheers here, cheers brother anyway, when they did all that.

When I get all that. What were they trying to do who's trying to buy a lot? Well, I can't get into a private meetings. It's it's journalist of all record, but you, your body, gets this offers like Alex you're gonna him

those things by being on the inside, if you don't, join this and help save the planet and do all these big things might have got the same speech when he was in high school already. Ut had planned to tell you about that. What, if that later? But if you don't join us in the

bad guys there in the system are going to win, that's how they cooperate. 'cause, that's how those people you're talking to.

Pretty good person that person at Google they've had hundreds of their top engineers quit

over this, because here's the thing China in

one thousand nine hundred and forty nine- was nationalist and and



capitalist and our own cis, but declassified left us the Ford Foundation. That's above the CIA helped put the chai comes in power. It took

some decades to get running water in toilets. They have

environmental standards, no rules that had all of our investment they've been built up because

the chinese commies will do it over the global swine.

You go and you are in China. They make

you become state, run to get zero percent tax corporate. Ok, so I tried to lower ours, just be competitive,

China has zero percent corporate tax. Look it up now. If you become state sponsored state run

show they're claiming oh,

us of our technology, we're to go,

over there and spread our legs to him even more. So it's not a

people were willing and we're willing to take you along with us. So the idea that well, if we don't give it

so they're just gonna rip it off. So let

go really give him all the big secrets and and have Google last your till the Pentagon



going to help you with a autonomous drones, but Google Gay

them all. The latest aye ai.

And I'm getting more sophisticated stuff in a moment,

gave them all the sophisticated, a I and

China announces they've got all these drones that are autonomous and all these ai Ai Weapons systems director aircraft, so

what I'm telling you is China.

Has no rules. Twenty

ago they had cows that produce human milk. Twenty years ago

had spiders that british body armor spider guts

they have human animal hybrids. Thirty years ago, they've got giant. Human tissue farms

You know you hear. Oh, your Achilles is torn. We've got,

grown. A lab attendant is not a frickin tenant grown a lab. It's uh

Fricking deal humanoid, these aren't human.

The way they get around it is they made me went with that we're seeing saying so many things. This is listen. I love you to death.

You said that you know million dollar shipping which are real. I believe they are

you say so many different things without stopping it's hard



reporting to the government agency, so they'll listen, investigate Md Compartmentalized,

but will be studied for years. So

Well, I Jo Jo, JO, JO, yes Joe. It was in

my key quarterly. Twenty five years ago they had human animal embryos what they killed with the embryonic level. I believe they've got humanoids. I believe this I've been they look. They ever do use crisper to enhance children with higher intelligence. R S and Sharma was actually was a side effect. They believe a h. I it was something about HIV immune to HIV show yes,

I roll that is already been tested,

but it has a name

what's really going on, they have

call breakaway civilization

some of the regular civilization without sandy hook, which I get. I appreciate. Let me cover

and I'm sorry I never happened. I believe that happen. I'm sorry for people's pain, and

I ask



the families, and I asked the the lawyers. I asked them all stop at my name, saying on the wolf at the door: Shango

for these families and

running around to the news everywhere saying Al

Jones has Sandy hook didn't happen, be

the media about the media is the most unpopular thing in the world with seven.

Approval rating in Gallup. So when they say

I say it's fake that sin's people

to Connecticut, because people think the media lies. So if they're saying Alex Jones said didn't happen, it must have not happened and now they're trying to create a violent event, not the families.

I think some of the people involved know that if they make a big enough hype about it, they're going to have a big event:

up there in Connecticut, understand and they're gonna blame it on me. So I'm saying no! No! No!

I believe it happened

saying I said it didn't happen and stop saying that I'm saying no kids died because I want to talk

about human, animal hybrids and humanoids because Joe, why is it got to be a humanoid? Why? Because, if you make

A few percentage points another Anna,



or another creature.

It's a gray area. There's no human rights. You have an animal rights movement, you have a human rights movement. There's no alien movement aliens are real they're creating.

Human animal hybrids- that are a new creature- never here on earth, it's alien,

so the aliens are already here. I is alien.

The chimeras are alien, alien

they're already here so you're, saying they're, making these human animal hybrid. So they can what harvest tissue from them

just level one was level two what's level eight, because

I'll tell you a lot for the best

knowledge, a lot of people. Think: oh, it's! It's

Leman! Harvesting! Ah fall!

Are these Buddhist really healthy? That's big!

That's going on because they still have a

better non rejection rate, but with the eras

I remember twenty two years ago, reading

BBC article that was

testing the waters occasionally tested, and I go

about fifteen years ago, the first



the animal human come

test if they're not brought to term, but some

I just want to plant them in utero own cows, because

as a bigger uterus. You grow bigger, humanoid and get more tissue, and so then I went

I better go research that so I went to Ut Library. At that time you could get some of the internet like one thousand nine hundred and ninety six. I wouldn't actually pulled up all these m. I t reports talking to my dad other people who was a doctor

and they go yeah. That's really crazy and it

all about how we've got to prepare the public.

For this, because we're going to be able to download their memories and then put it in

This is before blade runner so

not like this is the world's on imitating blade runner, blade. Runner is

preparation for what's coming and there too

more human than human. This is going to be more advanced. This is going to be better, but like everything like a cell phone or like a vaccine



it's got a Trojan horse. It's got a back door, it's already been tested, it's already been perfected, it's being rolled out you're, not given the real technology you're, not given the real life extension you're, given the crap Joe and the earth is seen as like an egg yolk to give the proposed

in power for this new thing, that's going to be born

and whether you believe it or not, just like when the new thing, meaning artificial intelligence, beyond that, it's a fusion of artificial intelligence and a whole

synthesis of new life forms, and so

text, big giant race. When he almost came in and told you 'cause, he goes he's billionaire functions and he has a conscience so he's freaked out and they go these billions

functions. I don't just know this. I've talked to people, and I was in wired, Mag,

sing twenty something years ago. Why the future doesn't need his bill? Joy, a billion,

CO owner, said: Microsystems

list of billionaires billionaire meeting with two hundred guys and the consensus was we're going to play video games

party all day, we're going to set up a world government we're to slowly type

take the employees in the the public him down, put it

magnetic radiation out with five g, the scrambles their dna lowers your iq. We're were



smash mental illness in a controlled societal collapse that will then

organized and controlled in the mop up crew by robots controlled by

the globalist programmers who believe with the off world entities there in communication with

that they're going to be given the operation to upload and be in that larger kind of bored cube

system. Okay, if they sell the country country, got hit the brakes brakes 'cause. We need to take this back to I'm so baffled. What's matter with one of these things,

MIT Technology review estimates at about twenty pregnancies of pig, human or sheep human chimeras have been established during the last twelve months in the US total whitelist in twenty sixteen hundred percent. Believe it look,

I think that this was going on in nineteen. Eighty five, I'm sure they tried to recruit my dad to a DARPA program Bible

in college, and then he was a dentist. I believe that I believe that they will take all sorts of Lib

he's in great scientists, scientific research I def



we did you ever see, trending implausible shattering again, but let's, let's start slow because you, you know you get over two hundred different factors in bombs, trying to ignite the atmosphere. Yes in the nineteen sixties. No, I know that the Us Airforce tried to destroy the atmosphere in nineteen. Sixty eight, yes, operation, starfish prime,

they actually detonated a nuclear bomb they adopted.

In a nuclear bomb in the upper trying to blow up the radon radiation. Yes, they've done a lot of goofy shit. See that's the thing, that's why I got mad at you and I love you and you're smart guy and everything is, I know, go listen. You got mad because we didn't communicate all this stuff. I know you're even better. It's saying it and then use

you can't handle it and you said it's not going to go now. It's not that I can handle it's these two factors, one! I don't have it any time. I don't have enough time to

go into it as much as you do us wiped out. I thought I got mad at you. That's it right there you every time I bring up a

can subject. You know all about it. I don't know



You fucking know all about this shit hole a smart guy, Lee Side, people who hype Gnosis, dumb joke

this is a pot bullshit. You know exactly

What should I don't think: you're a bad guy, you're trying to survive for you and your family and do good? Ok, but you know not a family, your family, none of us are going to make it there's a post here.

Error. Coming the breakaway civilization the deal's been made, it's not it

not! The third dimension. They've made frickin deals with interdimensional aliens and notice the media never test for that. 'cause! That's the truth. Maybe this is true. I do not know this and they get into it.

I do not know this, and even these human pig

hybrids, Jamie, just pull this.

I believe it's true. I mean I'm worried about human paying high bridge. I'm sorry, the Sandy Hill kids died. My identity is not that I get it. They admit five

G and all the studies Latimes Times causes massive mutation and cancer. Wait a minute literally rattles your dna apart, all of our



under attack. You mean five minutes drop for allowing five to come in. This is the new internet. You know what they will China put in Wapo.

You know Farjeon Major, that's the big chinese

fire today, no you're on fine, no, the five g you're on fire, okay,

Bbc article in ninety six about human animal hybrids with pigs and cows. Yes, you gotta make

Our cows of the cow keeps you doesn't reject it or part, pick: okay,

fan and that you know about pigs and rats.

Most closely related to get rejected. You know about that. Yes, pigs.

Very close to humans, even use PIG

organs and people usually do everything show no it's true.

You know in a general knowledge, you know everything I know. No! No! No! I don't listen on italian those little. We know what they're doing so

Just like they say just like they say.

Oh yeah, we had human animal hybrids. This is like freaking, thirty nine.



Years ago. Now, twenty three years ago, I'm reading in the BBC about it and go confirm a test. Ok and they're. Just floating

There was an article in nineteen ninety nine in the Baltimore Sun

No, I a blow you away. Who is his dad was a US congressman got killed his brother US senator he,

he should have on the show, the guys that got all the money. Given a native americans- and you spell his last name bag. It's it's it's a good friend of mine. Can I get him on

frequent will fly right now, anyway. The point is so. What does he do? He

was telling me all these years ago. He goes Alex. It isn't chemicals in the food.

Water, that's Charles lost baggage, checked it Jim, it's electrochemical, electrochemical!

but I'm reading in the Baltimore Sun after I just had

I thought it was crazy, is giving all these patents for mind, control using wave links in microwaves and I'm sick.

We're looking at it and I'm reading it and I'm seeing it.



The Baltimore Sun says the CIA is testing on cell towers, wave links to calm the public during crises. I just had baggage on with patents. Talking about that, what baggage explains his?

It's, not that the microwaves have somehow interface with the brain. We all

the interface with the space wins all these other magnetic fields. Everything else show there

will just testing this stuff and so everything they deploy. They've got all these other technologies. My dad was at UT and sixty five,

was in high school already had cd roms computers, everything,

but they had a nuclear reactor underneath the building would put that album

oh absolutely, that's what I'm telling you

breakaway civilization, dude. We don't know what they've got we don't know.

We don't know who we don't know the whole thing.

I'm telling you is. This is hiding in plain view and that's why?

If you knew all this you're trying you're trying to tell people go? Oh, oh,

he's doing that find one thing he did. That sounds mean and make that his whole world,

I'm telling you is it's been in the newspaper



the cell towers, are being used for my control. That sounds like a schizophrenic. So see here,

I want to see that. How do they use the cell towers? Will probably look here's the thing. Here's the deal right here. You gotta total schizophrenic. That thing

the sun is following around town and thinks their dog

watching him and works for the aliens. That's not happening. You've got someone over here, someone over here the believes everything they see on Fox, yes, okay, yes, now

She is good. Science is good, trying to figure out what's real and all of us get freaked out the nature of the world. No one knows what the universe is. We don't have all the answers, so it kind of people can't handle that bigness. They can't handle that question especially low iq, so they had

differentiate and create a model that allows

to put it in boxes, so they can make it make sense because they can't handle it, like. I, like I say, even top astronaut space walk for the first time and they're out in the universe and the whole planet, Sun room, and what are they going to do that? It's it's my ball!



Well, imagine once you realize we don't know everything we don't.

Stand in its endless and there's all this crazy crap people go nuts and his humans learn more and more, as we become more advanced into this metamorphosis, it's going to create a

giant societal crisis. Where most the people already going to get killed the

humblest understand that in the birth of this planet, this new species and so

they decided to take control, making scientific stun everyone and dumb down. So they could scientifically try to orderly Kerry this operation. But then I go wait. A minute you're dead

over one hundred hydrogen hundred bombs, the upper atmosphere to see if you could ignite the atmosphere, destroy the earth yeah, but that was in the sixties. I know, but what I'm telling you is

The same professors trained people right, but those people are dead. The people that detonated those hydrogen bombs in the 60s they're dead now

does not we're not dealing with the same human beings.

With you. I know people in a lot of ways are more immoral. Now I think I agree with you in some ways that everything evolves and things get better. This is one of my arguments about operation, Northwoods that if they were able to



operation Northwoods and get it signed by the Joint Chiefs of staff in nineteen sixty two was it sixty two

if they were able to do that

and no one went to jail and no one got arrested for proposing that they were gonna arm cuban friendlies and have them bomb Guantanamo Bay and blow up which a cuban jetliner and and and and shoot people who is it? Yes, that's cool! Yes, this things evolve, things evolve and if unchecked-

and obviously that was unchecked, no one went to jail.

That no one, you know even PBS covered it like. I never even knew this. Let's read this one here: the significance of the

research he explained is that, although the cell phone power is low, electromagnetic radiation can nevertheless have an effect on.

Intell behavior

transmitting at the proper frequency? What is this article? Jamie, scientific, american and scientific american ads titled, mind controlled by cell phone, so

Who really does have an effect. They did a whole stuff, but let's go further, it does it. So there is. So what do you think



they're making this node maybe classified last year,

thirty, seven page CIA manual from the nineteen seventies, when they were putting up cell towers, that

like trees already test,

sing in neighborhoods? Ok, did you show your shit? Can I shut my phone track shoe

catches you and controls you and surveilled you. You think that it's one way, but you

that it's a microwave relay system?

They can manipulate and then

towers, even more powerful. So this is a device

given to us by the gods

okay given to us by the technology that that the break

my government NASA has developed that you

just think they made up themselves right. What do you mean

think made it up when

to get to it? I want listeners, understand something notice, notice that she is not going to cover this. The meat is not

well cover that the show they're not going to cover this



because this is not my opinion. This is the real research that I have heard that that I have talked to arm

the generals commanding generals made

your generals, general generals, CIA, everybody and they're. All one hundred percent

and I thought it was a sign out before- and I've research and I've talked to hundreds of people now not not on air,

to make a film on this, who

taken Ayawaska and EMT? I have not taken it and for obvious reasons- and

and it's unbelievable because I mean they. One hundred percent in San Francisco is the main

project site,

literally have an alien base

and they are literally communicating and they've got like astronaut level people take

super hardcore levels of drugs and going into meetings with these things and making intergalactic deals and that again, that's what the guy

believes it says. They're doing when you say the government, it's a broad stroke, the painting



using a broad brush. What do you mean by the a rogue intelligence

ok. So what you're saying is essentially that they're using psychedelic drugs to communicate with interdimensional beings, Spirit Guide, everyone, every

who's done. A high dose of psychedelic drugs has had this experience, so everyone

listening to you right now, who's done DM

tea or done five

terms of Psilocybin. They know

this is you have some

kind of communication with something else? The question is: is that something else

inside your psyche or is that something

it's a chemical doorway. Is there a chemical doorway inside the mind that opens up in the

leaf? Is that when you die- and this is the the afterlife is

and when you die your brain,

deuces these chemicals, these chemicals ope

this doorway- and this is the

portal to the next dimension, so you're saying

saying that the



government is aware of this, and they must be aware of this. I've heard enough people talk about it. They must have done experiments on it. What a scientist usually put on another secret of the universe for sure and people that have the courage to expect

with these things and try them themselves realize that this is such a profound experience that it is

it's so alien that

alien landed right now in our parking lot and

a little gray, man with big black eyes got out. It would be nothing compared to what I've seen on psychedelic trip. So let me just tell you

me getting into the show is just because some people need to understand that. I know about this for a long time and I just don't think people are ready for it. But a lot of folks who.

Have low oxygen and and who adult brains well. Well, who have sleep apnea of big big next big hedge tongues, God thank you.

You go down a sixty two percent oxygen, that's another time that

Brain releases DMT,



show my whole life since I was about my first memories. Were every night was a DMT trip, so I basically

I don't want this to sound again. It's not I've, seen everything. Well, I believe that

When you're dreaming, it's most likely the same chemicals that are being released at what a key point that when you go in the room sleep it opens the gate which side is a proven. Your brain is working on the fourth fifth sixth dimension,

and if you can work into those two measures, you could see beyond it. So that's what I'm trying to tell you this. I don't already know all this show if you're on it, here's what's happening.

Much saying your bad. I never said you were in the CIA. I say the CIA is on record with Timothy Leary and everybody promoting elusive

the sixties. They admitted it was a plan to try to

She we doing the public to make the more suggestible, but there's a.

Larger program and they kind of backed off because it



got out of control and actually created some people that were actually fighting him, so it didn't have any effect they wanted.

They moved on the on

the t that they promoted, which goods

people that have accomplish compass, don't have problems with that. Weak minded, stupid people on others. Here's an example, this guy smart, Eric

Mancow Muller

skin is made out of it on the show. Before I tell you what she likes, I like him to come around. He well everybody's everybody's on this quest, and I told you I thought, like a hundred people, I've talked to more

A lot of people are going to do in these. The GMT and Iowa trips outside Austin they're, going all over the place. Yes and.

I'm on the show. You told me the same story: everybody tells you in Peru are being

Rekha. He wanted to traipse down there and he said yeah um,



we're sitting there and we take the Alaska and then all these basically elves aliens come out of the

and we're all sharing the same aliens were all hearing the same thing and it's like

read three of us or whatever seeing and he goes, but it was the drugs of

act on our brains? No no address.

Everyone sees something different when you open a gate and now

Now, interdimensionally your brains already filtering out most stuff, because

you can't handle it. Your eyes are already seeing like a cat. It's like seeing something in order

dog will you know when they first identified? There's certain certain

opponents to ayawaska, and one of them is harming

and when they first identified it, they tried to call it telepathy mean the reason why they call it telepathy in because when they were taking ayawaska we're having these group experiences that were undeniable that we're experiencing like very

vividly the same things.

So the governments obviously obsessed with this and isn't working out, but here's the problem here is a problem that term the government. You talk,



post office? No, no, I'm not officers on the street, the street talking with the fire department, I'm talking about ruling techno ruling, but who are these people, but I think the government is a shitty turn. I know they are okay, but that term the problem with that.

Is it lumps you in? Did you know that

Gibson movie. Conspiracy theory was a wacky. Dude was driving a cab believed in fucking. Tinfoil hat type should have been tortured, yes, exactly compartmentalized, yes, but that kind of stuff. When you say the government is doing

cool, is doing this who's working on these experience.

Names, no, no, no, here's the thing visually. Okay, maybe you want to say that the governor I'll show you know you're right. It's done to say the government and the big question is who runs things? That's more question: that's the thing is the day when everybody, so

is they don't want you to know? I remember that Fucking guy, who is ripping people off like weight loss, seek

so they don't want you to know Kevin Trudeau and they put him in jail for that he's in jail.

Now you won't get off the money. He's got a pile of cash somewhere and he said he would do that



they said that we have Kevin. Trudeau, I think, is a con man up enema few times very manipulative

I think he has a right

to say healthcare cures, natural cures. They don't know

There are some. There are some of the point. Is they don't look? I have some love in my heart for Kevin Trudeau because he started the international pool tour

was he was putting a lot of money in a professional pool yeah, but I mean I mean: here's the oxy cotton company. The documents came out shit

we're going to totally a dick people and then we're going to sell him drugs

to get off of it. Yes, that's pure frickin, either so locked their ass up and then we'll get the capital later I agree with, and I'm not even

fending ever because I met with every few times. I know all about

and it was like he was one hundred percent about him in a one way, freight ST well, I didn't get that experience with

with me and him just talked about pool. I was doing some stuff with him when he was first starting. The pool tour came to a couple of his events, but he that



hey this thing that was like you always have a good way of asking questions. Instead of saying who runs it all right, you wait till I do the cliche, the government and you correct me what I'm doing is playing devil's advocate and I'm also looking at it from the perspective of five hours and he's coming to another hour and get dinner. Okay, let's let joy

you yeah to no. No, no, no, not not yet you want to come in.

Two instead of one whenever you want anyways,

Let me try to be clear, I'm having a good time with you. I just want. You know we try to be clear. I can't say all of this on here and I'm going to leave it at that, but

on record twenty years ago before anybody,

talking about the clockwork, elves and now the think they're in touch with these entities and things

only because I don't want to get I'm, not the CIA

the CIA is bigger than Coca COLA. It's in basic, bigger than Walmart



I've never been an intelligence agency. I've never been part of any of the stuff, but I had family that was in advanced DARPA research projects that I don't know all the details about and

I was a kid. My dad told me about some of it. Not knowing I'd be a talk show host later, like when the

director the CIA needed to have to tooth pulled okay,

show my dad, like the doctor to you, know these guys and remember it around. The kitchen

unlike 70s, like

can't, tell you all about it, but it's a classified program in Maryland and underground an they basin

all the details, but it's double the money I'm making now this international security, but I think I think it's basically, you know we're going to we're. Building cyborgs

got special forces that have volunteered, so we can infiltrate

Russians and get two codes

systems and I believe it's implanting, but messages in

Jason and and uh

as I do in plants. I think it's a brain surgery program for microchips, and so I'm here, girls



David, I'm sick of these people and you've already done so much for the cut government and

but they've already done to you in a my my brother. You're. Not going to be you know,

I want you out of this, so this is

you know, seven years old or not hearing about your hearing about the cyborgs, okay, okay, so show that's the kind of stuff

I grew up. Seeing and you know, let's go get your uncle he's coming off a c one hundred and thirty. You are

day in army uniform from Guatemala. The others arm guys

I don't know okay and I don't need to know. Okay,

point is, is that's what I grew up. You know the type of stuff I saw, and

my dad never told me about all this stuff. When I was old,

her till it was like twelve years

So I was finishing in game blueprint for global enslavement. That's free still online! It's all about,

world government and out of cell phones watching you and everything everything proven it.

Country was the plan for one world government and don't have kids and all that attack on the family,



and we were gonna go ballet recital for like my three year old daughter, she's like fourteen hour, and they sit down for like an hour and watch the end of the film's three our film and my mom goes David. That's not

true. He goes yes. It's all true when I was in June

International Recruitment of the program there.

And they said the Nazis were wrong because they're only targeting certain groups were going, everybody and the planetary.

Breakaway in world government and blah blah blah

nuclear reactor under UT, T and also stuff, which later went actually truth even hidden. But the point is

that my dad was that special, my dad was like the score

The six smartest in texas- and I had a group of less

and kids and they brought him in his juniors in high school and said we're going to

do all this like they recruited, because 'cause want to be an ass, that's where the national, so when he gets in here because

right NASA a big secret group. It's the other side of the breakaway government. There's the CIA Breakaway government, one thousand nine hundred and forty seven



there's Kennedy setting up NASA one thousand nine hundred and sixty one so there to do,

competing breakaway governments and those

are the real garbage of the. When you say by breakaway governments. What do you mean breakaway govern,

breakaway civilizations, each the real grew.

That are like the cult you say who are they there scientist who, based on

your psychic ability,

and on your iq and then on your commitment to the program. So the

program- starts- starts with you: go check black people with syphilis for a greater cost or

will you do research programs on babies where we,

for women

Oh, your baby died right. There were born early will, keep the baby alive and sometimes kill him, sometimes harvest them, sometimes just experiments on

why they've got a lot of nurses, have notice now that baby's disappeared birth

Maybe that's, why the governor said who's? Actually organ harvesting doctor? He goes. We



people, the are love after the blonde have a discussion they're getting caught now 'cause. We did

metalized? What I'm?

Choose what you see now? It just never ends yeah. What are you saying about babies like what are they doing with babies? You saw the governor of Virginia say we keep babies alive after their born, kill him right. Well, I didn't

him comfortable, I am very, very concerned with late term

abortions, post post birth, Joe understand post.

How much money do you think they get

with for a seven and a half pound baby? They can keep a lot for two weeks and momma doesn't know so

register the organs and get bidders

but to me, then they can make five hundred thousand, but if you saying you did Bailey, they kill on the spot, only get fifty grand, but even saying they take them.

From the mother and the mother doesn't know that the baby's alive

You know how they engineered tomatoes, the last on the shelf. Yes,.



You, can pull all this up challenge?

just passed it.

No should be Virginia is about to pass in New York. Trying to pass a California founded, passing

other states trying to pass it to keep.

Babies alive and allow notice the governor goes

We don't want this three minute clip hold up. We don't want to go

some involve the doctors and the mother, who's drugged up, even say that

I'm gonna decide sad about the future, and maybe she

baby alive a week. Maybe

I to get rid of baby wait a minute. Is this a viable

maybe there's something wrong with this babe viable. The Schinias voted three days ago on Monday to not pass a bill for

birth abortion to not kill livable, Post bird says viable babies,

already born can be killed if the bioethics port. I bet you.

And millions pull that up Jamie. We gotta figure this. I know the letters won't. Believe me. I absolutely would you go finding posts about this, but it says that it's been taken out of car



text. What is that media matters? More Snopes Huffington Post is at Snopes, mostly false, Huffington Snopes

we're! No. Why don't you do this shame Jamie? Go you go to the source of the governor, go to you

tube and type in?

Virginia talks about post birth, abortion watch the unedited three minutes. How do you call it abortion if it's already been born? Well, that's what true

said he said he said a month ago in this way

broke, he said and see. The left is: soaking

I'm not saying the that mainstream media, whatever we're so censored now, they're, making move right now now

mobilised, technocracy, the mad scientist, the guys that are

want to learn the secrets. The universal we only hand. So what you're saying is a lot of the censorship, a lot of one mil. I don't have ten million I will give,

before God and country to Jaimes. I'm not kidding



give one million dollars to your charity of choice. No listen to me

This trip changed. I come up with the children

I will give you one million. If you can prove that I'm

king out that the governor said we keep babies alive after they're born. We keep him comfortable.

And turns out he's an organ harvesting thing and that's what they're doing

keep babies alive, don't go to snow.

The governor go to the governor of Virginia

that's why they went ahead and burning for the black face. They're using the blackmailing

They say that on him, it's the same guy as soon as he said

soon as Trump and we all covered as soon as he tweeted. He said,

yes, we're getting rid of babies after they're already born. You don't want to know

figure out with George Soros put in it right

I mean I oversimplified that immediately note that I know what I said: they've weaponized marijuana into a hallucinogen category.



Causes more schizophrenia. I think it does. I said that

Goncourt neighbor yeah. I think it does it does certain people have friends who are already susceptible yes and the weeds so strong that that that that that they start thinking that I'm worrying,

want to be sure she knows, and I agree with you on that I mean I think, come I have Cintron alpha types needed to not have a heart attack. Well, I don't

I need to remember when you wanted me to smoke pot with you in that in that bathroom shooting a video like as a joke like twenty years ago, yeah yeah, that I say that makes me apparently yeah. That was funny Joe. The only time I feel for were wearing fucking, George Bush and George Bush senior master dancing around the capital.

Sometimes today's value, the feast

with the song. He wrote you at that fucking song about it Jamie Jamie. This is a joke. I will give one dollar million. You don't have to give any money, but I believe you I just want a little, but I have skin in the game.

My phone, I believe you I mean he's going to find it will listen to it. You don't have to we're listening to you,

and then he uses these arguments. He uses these arguments,



Well, sometimes the baby. Sometimes the baby is

is the phone. No, they want the organs

and so told the planned parenthood, videos of Texas and California. Two years of

the project, VERITAS others got where they're saying I'm getting

Yellow Ferrari

Man, I'm making hundreds of thousands off each baby, we've partial birth. They keep the baby alive, they take it in the back.

They have a van pull up that takes it to

a chinese government run facility in the U S and they got the sucker. Let's listen after birth aboard. This is Jim Eyes this. It Alex okay, a hearing yesterday, when Fairfax County delicate Cathy Tran made her case for lifting restrictions,

on third trimester abortions, as well as other restrictions now in place, and she was pressed by

public and delegate about whether her bill would permit an abortion, even as a woman is especially dilating ready to give birth and she answered that it would permit an abortion at that stage of labor.



Do you support her measure and explain her answer

I wasn't there Julie and I certainly can't speak for Delegate Tran, but I will tell you one

first thing I would say this is why decisions such as this should be made by

writers of physicians

and the mother son and file?

shopping around. I JANET interrupt notice, he's usurping law, their whole plan.

It's bioethics on display in a but it's only two minutes: mothers and fathers,

that are involved there

You know when we talk about third trimester abortions. These are done with the consent.

Obviously the the mother with the consent of the

physicians. More than one physician by the way- and it's done

cases where there may be severe deformities. There may be a fetus, that's non bible. So in this particular example,



if a mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen. The infant would be delivered the

if it would be kept comfortable. The infant would be resuscitated if, if that's what

the mother and the family desired, and then it does

Russian would ensue between the physicians and the mother, so so I think this was really blown out of proportion.

But again we want the government not to be involved in these types of decisions. We want the decision to be made by the

the mothers and their providers, and this is why Julie

that legislators, most of whom are men by the way shouldn't, be telling a woman what she should and

don't be doing with her body and do you think

opal position should have to weigh in, as is currently required, she's trying to lift that requirement? Well, I think it's all

good to get a second opinion and for for at least two providers to be involved in that decision, because these decisions shouldn't be taken lightly.



And so that you know I would, I would certainly support more than one provider all right. Let's go back to the wow, that's a weird thing that she's kinda, let him say: I'm

these the story but hold on a second that's, what's weird is that the

She was they talking about about resuscitating the baby that they would keep the

be alive, then a decision would be made. Isn't that that's like you think

Asia, like you, can grand. Why you're so smart gentleman, your ass, but you can't do that to you. Grammy right, you

families like. Eighty years old, you can't you can't just kill

well member districts over the Newsweek cover the case for killing granny. They say

so. Let me explain now: you've got it

you hear that legalese turns out

when I saw that clip a month ago, because they had a doing debate about the bill,

and they said yeah we'll kill babies after they're born and their debate. How

far on one of the doctors say, but it's

jurisprudence, there's law. You can't do that. So this is a the government



involved. This is the medical system you sharpen if they can,

little baby after it's born

sometimes they deformed naughty, sometimes sometimes a phone. Here's, the key notice,

he said we resuscitate they'd

don't consider you alive till the Bio Ethics Board,

Shash, that you're a viable human and under the bar,

traffic in Europe and U Un now, which is all

watch it below the E. U was set up by the Volkswagen among his full trying to sell, but that that was little drawn. The first we'll talk about Hitler Alley the

example. When Hitler was a really bad dude, but he literally so much for world government

everything.

They had a system where they first killed. Babies, they thought were deformed. That was one thousand nine hundred and thirty four

And the final solution happened like six seven years later, and so he sang 'cause.

A big problem, they've got undercover videos are keeping babies alive. You won't pull those up, I'm not B S, Ing, there's hot, so they've got a

start getting it going now, with God,



physicians in people to

because the nurses to freaking out and they're, saying

we're keeping babies alive and they get put in a van and drive away. What's going on there I would get

comfortable show the baby.

Worth five hundred thousand dollars who's playing in the chain of delivery. Just on time, delivery

a lot of money and of but

if you kill him right on the spot.

Like wow, we waste in this seven pounds of meat, so she

they can keep him alive, and now they built these new wings. They

new, so I could pull up, but they have wings where they go,

So we consider the baby dead, the

other decided it didn't live. If

he decides we resuscitate and lives, but it

Jayden resuscitate its flesh. It's

at least it's passed into a special ward, with doctors

make a few million a year

and a little bit a little flesh. Ball is kept alive.



Double until

All the orders come in the planes land and they take the organs. Then they take the blood

and they take the ski and Joe.

You see how it works,

now you know with his voice. No no but see is a southern love invoice. You see my dad new organ harvesters in Dallas

and he said, don't sign your organ donor card they've got corrupt hospitals. Where

you are totally viable, they take your organs, cheese and then I said-

dad you're crazy, but inside the organ donor card, and

it might end the hospital too in Dallas then,

When I was DEC a decade later my

grandparents, house, warming, grandpa, dad watch sixty minutes and it was Dallas, TX and Chicago caught killing people that were viable to take their organs tonight. The sixty minutes-

expos and it was a freaking hospital, my dad told me about Jesus Christ,

that's what I'm telling you is where you



At the kitchen table, when you right here in about cyborgs

That's why I know about this. My dad never got fully into it. He decided to get out of it.

And he decided to get out of it.

You're legitimately freaking me the fuck out Joe. I will

I will let you know the problem- is some of it makes sense, because people figure

the way to rationalize a lot of things. If you see a guy's mangled in the cracks it's but he's still alive- and you know you

until the bags broken econsave five love yeah

I mean yeah I mean, but the thing is how many people would have to be involved,

to be real Joe. I can show you.

Let's not exaggerate. Fifth

videos of

planned parenthood workers laughing

saying I made a one million bucks yesterday last year. It's incredible, we just keep him

longer will get ten times the money rolling. In fifty fifty grand baby baby. We we gotta, kill him before they leave the building. The mother doesn't know



talk her into it. Oh ma'am, you're, three months pregnant, all the baby might have a problem, might have a heart murmur. Oh the ultrasound, oh yeah, and then they get you

we're going. This is truth yeah they

keep it alive, but only a few hours and they got

get planes coming in advance vans and they don't get the full price because they can't put it on the auction. They've got digital corporate

auctions. Look this up for organs me bring something up.

I had this guy on yesterday yesterday, with this book Eleanor Coast name. Is you on

and he's he's an investigative

analysts who lives in Mexico when he studies the cartel they shall organs, and what this one of the things he was saying was that they get these people used to killing and they were getting the

kids and having these kids kill at a young age and dismember people, and they were doing it to get the fear out of the body

this one guy? Who was they they a nickname for him Tyson? He would he was a cop,

but he was also in charge of hiring these little kids and



training, these little kids to be assassins and he would teach them how to dismember people

is going into it and all the things they did all all the beheadings that they did. He was saying that they try to that in certain certain groups

of people when they have this organization. They try

try to get them used to horrific act. Let's call the cement of blood, and that's a

Heinrich Himmler term

head of the ss- is that the SS

yes, Joe Hitler had about seven eight years for the war, so he got

like twelve year olds, ready for war, and they would get him like

fun and swimming and working out at boxing, and then they would like weather like

give a hot hooker.

Give him drugs drugs Ellis eating and discovered Switzerland. Hitler was put them on D, DMT, everything and

We would then have these religious experiences and set your invincible, you're so

per. This is all been declassified, but it's more esoteric writings and so

they would get him all wound up and then to graduate



an ss officer after you've had a dog. Like five years. You had to strangle your german Shepherd

yeah that was my friend ARI. His dad was in the israeli special forces or one of those one brand. Would you what branch was one

branch of the israeli military and they had to kill a kitten

and look Jews are just like anybody else. There's good people are bad people, but yeah Israel

I got so screwed by the Nazis

sickening away, just kind of copied a lot of it and by the way

is trying to kill him up. Not even my point is: is that the Nazi

got evil down. So much that, like we brought thirty four thousand into a NASA, the run the university's paper

everybody wanted they were, they were like winning the lottery

they were all robots to do whatever they were told. Well, one VON Braun

was absolutely and he was a show, show,

show it would happen was first they gave him shacks. They gave him power, they would really press room. You have to go

two things and then they would basically,



know just condition them to do whatever they were told. They call this a

the blood because then

like you know, kill your dog remember

I was going to ruffle Texas. I ran like a satanic cult, has got this girl's a senior in high school she's super odd, I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in ninth grade

she's. Picking me up in a Mercedes and I'm taking me some mansion. The with her is incredible:

and I'm walking out of the house. Is that look like

sixteen when I was thirteen

you like screwing, my daughter, I screw her too

just as soon as you join us love Lucifer, you get all the will tell you want boy 'cause. We want you, but

glad. It's really oh yeah, but that's yeah, not incredible. Life. Look also do now, but the point is: is that you know shell you're in la you know about all this, but the point is I don't know about all that. The point is: is that

the Satanist is that I really got into this and they said well, I said: what do you want? 'cause? I don't want to be like we want you to kill your dogs, and so

point is: is that now all these years later



kill a loving thing that serves you cares about.

This interface dogs are very psychically. Second, buffers dogs are able to people like interface with you and they will

You take something, that's ready to die for you and they want you to kill that that's like killing a child. The dog is very similar child,

very spiritual, very holy you're, very good. At Donald,

its masters Florida.

It could be evil, but

early fall. My God servers people

about all this? And this is what's going on, and this is what's happening and shows

you want to submit a blood. Is they get people in a group

they get into horrible evil things during per pressure and they create the synthesis. You have to know the darker elements of the

criminal networks that are inside our government. Our app

running Mexico as a laboratory test,

so native Americans, Americans are Americans are and HO and and tough and they're ready to fight. You know I'm part native American, like six percent Comanche, and you know

Texas, and just that little bit makes me wild, and so they can get them



because they're, powerful they're, smart, they're, neat, they're cool, but.

Genetically they go into group, think really really fast and so native Americans. You can mind, control really fast. Well, it's like Vietnam. I mean you know the

The the the the the Bering Land straight in base a test as you

six of of of measure,

especially Chinese

because there was always some whites and vikings even two thousand years ago in the area, but um like that. Nobody in fights in Korea fight the Chinese. That's really

error. Vietnam assist. Do you think it's working? I mean they're like their conscious and real people, but when they get into a

right, they all sync up in a robot that had no fear I mean

psychotic killers are fighting, and so

Asians are by about the most fearless killers. There are like the Mongols with any of them do stuff. Then, once Asians go to war, it's like they do not there. It's in fact



not even craze going wild in the battle there like robots, coming to kill you, and so you think that's from do. You think that

from the heritage of war that they have a long like, if you think about Japan, Japan,

a long history of being a noble warrior culture with the samurais and place the the Marshall from the nobility, it's the genetics,

right, but genetics is what creates that you know it's like five.

Have you loading planes, saying I mean what I'm saying is think about a place like Japan were so much martial arts came from

sword fighting

karate above a bunch of different branches of karate judo to Jitsu, Japan, all that stuff came from Japan, I mean that

that that is a group of people that were obsessed with combat mean they

they figured out. Ruling class was well not just that the soldier

and even the civilian. No, I agree, but the ruling class was samurai ya, yeah Gun's, the ruling class was the shoguns right and when you think about

What a small place Japan is now



dining in is that so much innovation, especially in terms of like Weiner Work, Marshall and I'll get into bell curve. You've got black people that are smart as any white person, and then you have black people that are way better,

March, whatever they're our genetic differences, when asked a and you've got the head of your former, you know I was cold springs, harbor watch,

comes out, says: blacks are inhuman. All that b. That's just the racist crap, it's in the government, but it's true that nor

some groups or northern Europeans, and then the Japanese

he's on average per capita have like you and

they're they're, Japanese and

there are some northern Europeans that have the highest Iqs, but

get into like say: Jews have very high, accused on average yearly Jews of extraordinary high, also really social files winners, it's a bunch of. So

not just one type of intelligence, yeah

oh for sure, yeah. Well, there's there's

There's tests that you can run in terms of mathematics but there's no real test. You can run in terms of social justice. Psychic connectivity



The dna is a transceiver and

My skill is that's why I'm usually kind of like almost autistic is I'm just being constantly like everything is going on, but then it actually focus in Aiken, like figure out the exact enemy opera.

That's why they're really pissed they people that

jewish that are german, they're, chinese or japanese or italian, or mexican people that

either through fear or whatever get into dark side light side get into.

Don't give people the knowledge control '

people down them down, dominate them,

Is there only rocket fuel for you to go?

the next level. You know what's interesting about this, not that you're right or wrong. What's interesting is how many people resist the idea that it's possible for someone to try to control everybody, and if you just go back in history, just you know, go back to world WAR two and how Hitler controlled germ



and that's it. They tell you no ones trying to control you, that's all that's going on, but that one is a particularly fantastic one

'cause. It was a culture that came out of a bad time right out of world.

For one and

by and this guy guy offered them pride in being german. He offered this this idea of a master race Damassa,

race is a crazy idea

because then, if you look at the black Israelites or you look at it at law, Raza are met you or you look at some of the right wing jewish groups. Every Chinese every group says with the master rules, yeah well sure, but I mean

many have tried to engineer the way Hitler did that's what's really crazy

exactly the reason, the reason the globalist. What if you want to you, want to get the signal, but I'm, but I'm saying, but I or sick or hold on a second. What I'm saying is that it is amazing that there is a guy

who has this idea of a master race and if you were, but people reject

it worldwide. It was one of most evil aspects of who he waas. That's really interesting to me that people reject



Did it because they knew it was like an improper calculation. General public rejected the idea other elites trying to duplicate it was an improper calculation. The calculation was the only way to get people that you want to get a master race. You have to have master genetics, but it didn't take into account was compassion

it didn't take into account what's necessary to have a real, healthy community. That was a slow, fucker, quick flash community

because everybody was like hyper focused on the nation.

To have a real long term community, you have to have compassion, you have to have camaraderie and

is going to be people who your use use the leftist compassion when they

for China and DRAM San, and you sharing the left cell Elkin,

action. We can't hurt anyone's feelings were helping arrest following gun and sell their organs that we're Google and talk to me you're right, you're right, the left has giant flaws and Asj.



Find flaws in its ridiculous ideas, I'm against war. I am too

so now you see. National studies show this Gallup Poll Democrats now support

or more than Republicans this is about.

This is about pulling out of screen, is trying to get denuclearize and everybody's loving it in South Korea and Japan and N Korea and he's actually got

not fire missiles destroyed. English is a real. The real problem there's a real problem, people not being able to say that anything that Trump does is good. If a Democrat was doing what Trump was doing on some issues, I just got some. I would support them. I don't give a damn what they do.

Here are well,

and so then Trump got rid of the

he's getting rid of the minimum sentences. I mean Hillary Clinton, you know, oh god. I saw this heather that I'm ranting, but I was watching I forget to the top down

That was they were on CNN. I'm going to play a clip of my show and I didn't do it and they and they go they go. They go. President Trump thinks blacks,



yeah. The clip was CNN, CNN says Trump thinks blacks are stupid,

and it was a CNN panel going Trump says,

Blacks are super predators who have to be brought to heel and Joe that

Hillary Clinton, one thousand nine hundred and ninety four after she passed the crime act. That's her quote, so

they're inverting reality. Knowing are talking point if she did that we have the video type. Hillary says

super readers. They said Trump in it. It's not about Trump

he didn't do that. Okay, but let's get

back to what trying to say was that if you, if he does anything good, no one can accept it. 'cause he's on the wrong team. That's part of the problem with what's going on, it's part of the.

Of people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the left and people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the right is that we get on a team and that the people that are on the left eye, candy

If the economy is going well, they can't admit it things they

bill. Maher said: let's crash economy,



I you know, I don't I don't. I lied. Listen. I've been on the show before, and I talked to him once we did a show together once with us right now. Nobody can lie and say that he's not very talented and, and that he's

first time he's more truthful than most left is. He says I

abortion death in highway he's a comic.

I'm telling you man, the shit that he

saying he's only saying 'cause, he thinks it'll work,

I'm just saying with this, but why would he say with the highest ratings ever gotten an invite me on. I don't know man, you have to talk to

but what I'm saying is when he starts talking like people are saying: oh Bill, Maher's mocking the red states he's doing a bit he's doing a bit.

He thought was funny in that. That's all it is I'll. Give you if you talk to him about his legitimate opinions, he's capable of having a

about legitimate disagree on that point.

Would you say that the red state

we want to be the blue states, the demographic show the opposite. I think. Is this a joke? A really do I do,



I think even means it I mean if he doesn't mean it, I disagree with them by the. Let me let let me have a basis to let me have agreed with you on this. I'm not saying you're wrong, because everything I've learned is great. There's mixtures of everything. Yes,.

Another time I go to the next slide. I forget the last thought, but the point is: is that is that

you we're saying was that he was doing a joke about the red States wishing that they were the blue states, and you were saying that that's wrong and I was saying he's just fucking around he's like

karate, that's it that's it.

Mainstream news is dead, as very low ratings mean, went down almost nothing and they go. Oh ratings are up in the Trump era like a dead cat bounce. It's like ten percent. I want to use

Larry King stuff,

three million viewers. Now the top CNN enjoys a million show we're looking at that. This is the future.

Is of this is that this is where the people are real things, not scripted, no teleprompters, there's telephone for sure this is real, and so they get.

On television



I'm literally having Alzheimer's was appointing. Are we were talking about Jesus Christ? One problem

where's, the problem with no teleprompter, I am literally,

What's in my brain disease like

the truth, is being an accurate, does mean a perfect.

I'm telling you when I really thought I don't wanna fucking around. I know what it is.

No one's watching mainstream news? No one's watching, mainstream news shrimp.

Let me tell what they are watching the big five, the night

Comic shows and comedy central shows. The daily show Trevor Noah

uncle bear all those guys, because they want some relief, but it's not. They want relief.

I used to watch the ratings are down a still understand, as you know, as as as as other stuff, because now that the old, no one's watching news does this on Hannity do really well is in his show what not only Fox, because it seems alternative just like you, but but but but I'm saying as well comes along

particularly as well. This is the truth.

Not like some package thing



learn all of the so called comic shows into fake comics, posing as

news people putting out political commentary

which people take Israel and believe

on the street, and so that's where all the prop

Ganda is, and so you say Bill Mars. Just joking around Bill Maher just over here Bill Maher, does note doing it's all unified message. They have

Kobe for them laid upon here and say that I'm a KKK member and

jokes on. You know what people shouted at me on the street. Well, that's unfortunate, but I will say about

they're trying to do they're not trying to deliver information, they're, not they're, trying to crack jokes again,

t there's a whole writing staff Donovan. Although shipments take the Democrats called that element to right now, I don't know if that's true

but if it is as true and they do listen, that's not good and that's unfortunately, host the man show with Doug Stanhope, know the other guy,

not what wanted to there's,

Jimmy Kimmel and says he gets calls every day from Chuckie Schumer, and

and then they work on what he says



television show type of that's so frustrating might have been fucking around, though no dude, it's talking points man, okay, I believe you, I believe you

here or lost

Jimmy Fallon went from being funny to being totally weaponized

so you think it was NBC's idea. Do you think it was someone in the government that contacts and be says television exile is a very well known, UFC fighter that you know, okay,

do that shows on discovery. History channel, like I said, okay and I got a call about a month ago and they're like wow. This is incredible,

don't say my name, you can talk about it. They were

This new big, lucrative shell, show what they said. You're going to come

announce Alex Jones on the show or

I'm the show, and he said no show help

yeah man, huh good

announce him on the show why they need that from you him.



Yeah, but what what what they need that from him they didn't because heroes and him here's an ounce you on the show, I'm not that that's just keep, but that gives you even more attention. Well, let me explain: that's their dilute,

Well, they want everybody else sensor. Why did Hitler sensor lot of the Russians,

like you think, most of time censorship actually works.

But that's a weird one man, someone saying they're not going to

you a gig. Unless you specifically denounce Alex Jones, it happened. What kind of show is it they're cooking show? No Joe Joe, let me break it down for you, okay, I swear on my kids.

I believe you, I believe you, but I'm saying it just seems so crazy. They would ask him to not to denounce you wanna tell

I'm not saying it's impossible. That's what everybody who's not independent is told because they're behold, other people, you're a rare

I'm on the only people that not hold any other network of people, your you realize that not just tell us some kinship who else has a big mega

popular show,

multimedia that isn't



roll by a parent company, I'm Corolla yeah um, most podcast,

no, no, but see when you look at the numbers at most podcasts threatened by though, but I mean almost all of her back by something in the city. I know for a fact.

You run your own show yep, that's a fact! Look. I've got some notes,

and all I want to say is this. I want to point one one point you had about that. That was really good. You were

and then, if you censor yourself just like, I just sent myself a little bit. So we wanted to make this point. We started the show, but please make it big enchilada. You made it

the start over and it's right, you we were talking,

and we were first of all, we gave each other a big hug. We talked it out.

We're both happy that we're not angry

each other, and then we start talking

when you made a really good point. You said the thing is: if you sense yourself, just one percent, you say I'll, just censor myself,

one percent, that's what they want to make them happy and then they're just going to keep moving it they're just going to keep moving forward



move, the goal posts and providing you with more money and giving you more things but keep moving in a certain direction and if you keep giving into it, they're gonna have a whole deal and they can

control you and that's how network television got started. If you really think about what NED for network television is

reason why they don't swear and they don't have explicit content, isn't because people wouldn't want to see it. The reason is because the the advertisers won't. Let

there's a whole commerce aspect to it. It's not it's not just hey

you're the CSI guys, air, hey exactly and so now, they've organized with sleeping giants and media matters, a couple million p

all that call and threaten and attack. Anybody

and the notice show one.

Were done with me. Now, it's Joe you better, not have this person on. Are you better have that person on? And so what is your soul? What is your destiny worth and

I always thought I was smart. I can analyze politics in history. I was kind of socially retarded and show how big you want to say that anymore,

exactly, but I mean I was and so



What I'm getting at is the biggest liars with our people know the truth. I don't come up with some cold blooded calculation about what I think,

advance my personal life. I really care about people and the process

seen things wrong. I've grown I've heard people. I apologize. Listen, that's true! That's true! What you're just saying about you- and this is one of things that I've always tried to explain to people. If people get mad

at me for knowing him like. I have a great time with that guy. Every time I see him you and I have had a

great time in Austin, we had a great time with the UFC we've hung out at numerous comedy shows that have done in Austin

I've done your films years ago. We've had a lot of fun together and so when, when people get mad at you,

about sandy hook or about anything I just go even when he

even when you were mad at me, I wasn't mad at you. I was like I just got to talk to him. It's one of the

Eddie. Bravo got the two of us to talk again once we talk just be honest with each other,

I'll, be fine, and I want to clear this up, because



when I was going big guns on you just so you know what it's like to be judged. I thought the

never having a show is not an attempt to get back on your. I knew that if I got into the point where you were that upset that I must have made mistakes too, I'm not I'm not

a person that sees things and always points in the other direction. I pointed mice, I'm a fucking ruthless self critic, ruthless. I'm terrible like so I beat my

up about every thousands flood one word on stage and I'll.

So let me someone this tossing and turning. Let me raise this to you

and again self. That's a good thing is he's not gonna, be in our system. Crazy. I got offered at the time like five million dollars with a bit coin. I think it's like thirty, eight million dollars by the time I got there. I refused it and I, and I got told like SH eight years ago I got told by two different people a very well known bridge people. They said a short Charles, like she wants to.



Could you an Alexander Soros's, others or us? You just need to stop attacking moon and and by the way we want you to pump decline, which may I believe,

currencies I believe in the future. We had a private federal reserve. It's all fiat, I'm not judging anybody

I'm just okay, be careful.

And I was so dumb back. I want to say so dumb. I was not in the corrupt mindset. The way the world worked like. I knew how politics work and I knew

science work and I knew how Crypto type government-

CIA stuff worked, but I was like

we're trying to get a deal for myself. I had my own thing right so then I look back in retrospect

where, where that was going on so

when I saw you was my breaking point. Go hey Alex Jones is full of crap

Soros was a victim of the Nazis in the Holocaust. That's not what I said I didn't see you

bull crap, I said he wasn't a nazi. I go to the store

three that I I've watch the interview and I don't know what he



you know guy? I don't know him, I don't know, I've know very little about him, but what I

from the story was that he was saying that when the

Nazis occupied,

he was with his. I believe it was his uncle Father is Godfather.

Took him around as a Christian and pretended he was a Christian. They were stealing from these Jews when they would take their and he

just thought. It was normal because he was thirteen years old, but he was talking about it that he was shielded

why this person, oh, I would be willing to take his explanations. What I'm saying, but but but but but here's the difference even before that happened with you

I got approached by a major Hollywood actor that

associated with, and they said, listen

George Soros told me to tell you that he had been killed

if he didn't do that and that and that

that he did what he had to do right- and I said,

tell George: if somebody

put a gun to my head and said we're going to kill you. If you don't



help round up Joe Rogan's kids and put it in a concentration camp,

hey. Oh yeah, I agree with you. I've got the gun and kill. Did you see

you said it was just taking property. Now they were

it was even actually showing take your property and then you don't go away. I don't know

I mean we know what happened in romanian hungry but Joe, but I mean what he was saying. They have headlines saying: ok,

So you're saying you think that it was more no, no

he did an NPR interview, I'm not try,

trying to go indict. George Soros, okay. Well, here's where I fucked up 'cause. I shouldn't even said anything about it. 'cause I don't know much about it. The real

open to interpretation. I've seen I've seen a couple of childhood reputation when I was sorted into interpretation from me, I'm telling you I don't know anything so well. Let me talking about it was incorrect sure. So when I'm fourteen

back if somebody said we're. Gonna, you're, you're, gonna, help round of your community or we're gonna kill you. I would have tried to kill people that were trying to kill me able.



Don't get it not everybody's like me and I'm not trying to the top of sky around. I think I've proven I'll go up against people. I get your fourteen you're scared and you help the knot.

He was so arrogant about it. He said it on NPR. He started on sixty minutes

and then I learned you're being sued 'cause. You did this. This is why he's financing? Well, I'm not going to

stop saying it because of that I get, he was wasn't,

situation. The problem was, if you play the clip, he says,

best time of my life. It was happy making uh

it was. It was invigorating

to be there with all this evil going on, but I was with my father and I had faith in him

and so we were able to do this and then I and looked at the logs and the records of him he was going.

Over and Frank's man and

their money and ally. Now he got the money is another, I'm not here, and I would just run of a white flag. George Soros

George Soros

over through all these different governments, George Soros trying to crash the pound,



George Soros is, that is the art type of James Bond villains and the fact that his money-

I remember, being a kid when I was

like eight years?

my mom- always had a color tv in the kitchen.

Three, no stop you. Can I stop you?

What are you saying that he's like crashing

economies and when I was

kid watching PBS. Maybe they were lying. Maybe he's great

George Soros- was international currency speculator who, over

through government? You know booty yeah? But that's what I'm saying? What are you saying? Overthrew governments

What do you do? I'd literally? No, not well! Here's a I'll tell you! This is actually the class, for you know anything about your source. Jamie noticed little type, a George Soros, a question about okay, more

in George Soros's view after world war? Two he got high

brought for us. He was

for the CIA Oss before that, in his view from his



I think this has. He admitted he doesn't brag about this. Okay, George Soros is the guy willing to take the money and Debbie it out.

And he's a very bold guy, because she's really smart

kissing his ass hurting. My back is going to want to make my own wall towards what it does have a.

Why did you want to hang your head on the wall I want after, but the point

Doesn't matter, George Soros ran the break up of the Soviet Union. George I've had

Former head of of Chevy got Jamie Guy thing.

George Soros could try to crash the pound, the pound anyways, guys. Okay, I told you they got human pick cap that you people like to

Yeah. Okay, I told you they're keeping babies alive. You saw the governor, said: okay,

George Soros is highest level deep state

he. He is the manager or was the manager. Are you sure things you're saying actually no



But how do you know if you have deep research? He ran the because I'm not the Alex Jones. Ten ago he ran the.

Marshall. We got here,

George Soros break. The Bank of England make little bigger police in Britain

black Wednesday September sixteenth right right to the day. The speculators broke the pound, they didn't actually break it, but they forced the british guy.

To pull it from the European Exchange rate mechanism joining the e r, which was part of the the Europe the the pound, wants Europe scroll up. Please all those to depart from the European CUP.

He's the british pound, blah blah blah, compounding the underlying problems inherent in the pounds, inclusion in the e r M, not not seeing this where's the part where George Soros does this. Well?

that's just what you pulled up, but I'm just I'm just trying to find it. That's all I'm saying spotting

the writing on the wall. Britain upped its interest rates to teens and attract people to the pound, but specula

Is George Soros among them began heavily

shorting the currency the british government gave in with



through its Hea R, the e r M, as it became clear that it was losing

aliens trying to bully its currency artificially, although

is a bitter bitter pill to swallow, the pound came back stronger because the excess

Tristen high inflation Joe Force,

how did you go to an investor to pdf like it's the boss, hello? He there's films about the Soros? Is our rooms Soros, pocketed one billion dollars on the deal and cemented his reputation as the premier

currency speculator in the world. If you're a

see speculator? Isn't that what you do, though? I don't know what a currency

circulated does it? I don't want to get it. Here's the deal

George Soros works for the works for the people that run our government

and he's a guy willing to do it all and he's been very successful. Okay. My point

is two plus two equals four in my in my equation. You don't fight

Nazis, because you're

fourteen, you think you can't you join them and he says he talk to me about the investment I, if I,



have done it. Someone else would have done it. That's a quote. It was happy making

if you help round up Jews and take their property, don't say it was happy make you don't talk about it, so

my point, is him saying you you think the way he describes it even as a problem? It's problematic

herbs you the ways describing that it was happy making that it was not a big deal. If I didn't do it, other people have done it. That's a problem.

When us, I'm I to get off the Soros. Is that if you

at five minutes over their own Jamie's computer. He did a good job. He does a great job, saying it pull stuff up. He's a goddamn, Google wizard look at them. Let little has been beat me a quick to it

frustrated, I would have gone over there. I can pull up Soros. I can pull up BBC

the reports sort

crash is the british pound are trash. Here's

sample, and I'm not indicting you for this.

Someone in my family about ten years ago was digging through stuff for basically garage,

wasn't, wasn't Roger, give it away to charities and



you all these clothes I couldn't wear. Is I didn't hundred hundred pounds anymore and

got into a group of things, and there was a

japanese bayonet. There was a german

officers dagger that I bought for like two hundred dollars. That's worth like two thousand. I still have it wow and

and all the rest of it and there was a british metal in a nazi metal, and this

and in my family 'cause there's like a power thing goes: oh my god, you're a Nazi's

I walk in she's, going to the garage and up the box and not go. I bought this at a gun, show like a decade

yeah. I think a friggin swasta metal thing, though, is if you own. This is the thing if you like see that helmet that you were twelve going yeah that that we show now this one is a joke. It

You get to it. So you've got a german helmet that a french artist dug up with all these mass graves wouldn't phone, and it's got a german band that you're not a freak and not see that's a piece of history. I think that's a! U S soldier, another



german helmet. That's a german helmet, that's a kernel, but it doesn't matter. Free

has banned owning german war. Memorabilia Sonian

the coolest thing ever saw the Smithsonian when I was a kid so proud of us being the Nazis.

I had a german helmet with a bullet hole in

the Smithsonian is not not see. That's what I'm saying: I'm not not see

for having a nazi metal and a bunch of other war paraphernalia I thought was cool.

You're, not a nazi for a nazi bayonet

helmet in a bayonet. What this gentleman's name that makes such as Jane Martin. Can we show it please what is his yeah? We showed it. He also

made me a fucking super dope. Skull he's got a

not cool, ignore artist, the german helmets interested that's. What I was going to say is that you could have a Nazi helmet twenty years. Look about hogans heroes, Hogans Heroes is

sitcom about Nazis, the sitcom about Nazis

and prisoners of war. I mean that was

correctness that I literally had a family member. This was like



eighteen years ago. Go I'm really upset about what I found Shane against the machine right yeah is that is now in the garage and it's like Br

metals, US metals. A couple of that. Of course, I wanted the japanese thing that isn't even had a marine carbine from Vietnam. That's not

This is cool as well

or two yet go to Shane against the machine on Instagram. Now there is so he's not a nazi. That's free

in cool man. I doesn't much of those. He sells, those folks if you want one going to a product plugs plugged into the store good dude. He made me another sculpture too, that I bought from overseas, but you know what I'm saying

not saying: you're a nazi

family think because I had one notch

party member metal yeah.

It will be on the news today. Jones admits he has not see stuff. No, it's free.

An interesting man. It is. This is from a battlefield dug up of dead people can't couldn't

We get more interesting and you take darkness and light



comes out of it. You make evil become good. I mean, if you talk to the artist Scott, I'm doing a huge blood for about how this guy doesn't know. Shit. Look at this guy's stuff. Look at that eagle! Go back to the

a bird with the fucking cylinders with the

is that what it is. First,

the top of his shoulders,

The tablet shows another car cylinder. That's a car cylinder yeah, that's a polish down car,

cylinder and then bayonets for they wanted me to be a product placement because they're trying to shut me down infomercial calm, it's an incredible product, just artist, men he's a great art. I brought this up because I walked in here, and I said God stoked

that is amazing and and you to took

like they dig up that know these battlefields in France and stuff, and then people get this

that's a rotting.

German helmet. Then you put light in and it makes it beautiful and it takes the evil of Hitler and makes it beautiful yeah, not Hitler

takes humanity and makes it beautiful, yeah it's, but but it is interesting that you can't

oh not you could never own a nazi flag or any



but you could watch the school studying here. Is that both my grandfathers not brag about family but remember Tom Landry? My grandfather was

UT. Football won state championships and track all of my mom's dad

he went the Army air Corps with Tom Landry

ever being over there on Sundays. He before he played the Dallas cattle he liked Tom Lehman called they pray for five minutes, both my grandfathers about Jerry Jones and and and and I'm in my you know us

mother mother's father, Mr Hammond. All

most died in a crash landing and another deal. I almost died

almost exist

my family, America fought Hitler,

and then now I'm a Nazi, because I believe in the second amendment

I believe in america- that's not fair! Well, that's not,

What they're saying they're saying, because you had a nazi piece of memorabilia, but it still doesn't make any sense, doesn't make any sense. You look if I saw some cool.

Will not see thing at some place where I could buy it. I might buy it and frame it 'cause, it's just.



Piece of history. Just like I would buy a Gangus Khan Dagger or a helmet. Oh my

Eddie Bravo's here

Christ,

now we earlier were having a great time talking about

and two dimensional beings is this and I also brought a check you out with the sure. Not so

any you know want to make you regret wearing this fucking shirt.

In high school we used to show each other out. That's like a gym, God. Chuck me out

No, no! No! No! No! Please don't! Please don't do it.

No! No! No edit! Don't please don't chuckle unconscious. So now, please great

He can't be. Oh, you know, you think. I'm afraid of this was no. I definitely don't think you're afraid of this, which is why I don't want him to do it. You know not be pussy shut me up. You know what let me tell you a story. First, let me tell you a story for back when I used to

work at the Strip club you're, the one holding

I'm afraid Alex sit down. Please please, please.



We have to work together here. Work together,

have a Sutter choke me out Alex please, please how sweet it was high school. I know you did you told me, you grab each other and you fall down and hit your heads. It only takes like twenty

What were you going to say about Strip Club back when I was

it's a blue belt, nice

two hundred and ninety five, I at a strip club- and there was this-

girl I was dating. You never had any other. She was a bartender. She was seriously four foot ten and she will bartenders and waitresses, always the brazilian Strip clubs. I don't know yet let him I will she was. She was ninety two dot: zero bar ten,

the smallest girl and I showed her how to do a rear naked or she was

tiny, her name is Kimmy and the Strip

the manager. Was your size big, like used to be buffed but fast



yeah, but used to be, but you can't tell you to be a football player type big manager. You know you want those guys that manage strip clubs. You know intimidating, looking big dudes and he had a

corvette and he didn't believe

digits at all, and she said

He said if she choke me out with one of them. Jujitsu moves I'll, give

the keys to my core van so

she had to literally get on a bar, stool and

she was standing on- a bar stool had to go around and she would like that anyway. Just like this

and and then he went out lights out. He dropped like a sack of.

Does he hit his head on the fucking floor

impact the impact

head hitting the floor, woke his ass up, so we the ground and

pops back up



even know what the fuck happened was just sitting there going? Do you know whatever I thought he thanked, but any that's what I'm getting it like? People usually don't hit the ground pop back up. Usually they hit the ground there done and they need an ambulance, but he pop right back up. Is that what happened like bitch?

you need to give her your corvette Papa? It was. Ah, this was a thing I know about this about seventh grade during lunch, so the kids would

help each other out. You put your hands up on their neck kids

don't do this. I'm not teaching like God put onto this week- and I are doing this, but then there's like the cheerleaders wanted to be shown

and they were showing us how to bleed it out screen. Where did you go to school?

where did bill gates go to school? Where did bill looks good he's not bill Hicks bright. Now we already went over this. This guys talk about that. You know the crazy thing is. You can put together a case where you fucking, you believe here wave no, but they just saw bill. Hicks live known, Alex, since just



a few years after buildings going to see all you gotta see, there's old, wait, there's a bunch of old pictures separation because you and I work with somebody that work with him. We work with thousands of people. Suddenly it's like! Oh, we do the same person it's over. All you gotta do is just show those pictures of you like I'm like bill. Hicks is never twenty onyok. You are you all checked. You were like a body built and I should run things that we should get that zone again. You can. I got in this show where I ran six miles every other day and I lifted weights people go

should be bigger to workout three hours. I was addicted and

then I got on radio and tv and like sort of drinking and just stopped. It didn't work out for like ten years,

like one hundred pounds Alex. Let's get you

on something where we actually like put it online and talk about what you're doing. If you can

to something online like that you'll do it. All you have to

do is like set of realistic goal. I usually do forty pull ups and not going to like two hundred and forty.

Like Crossfit type or use your whole body, and everything were yes, amazing you're like doing the warning amazing,



problem was I used to go to all you can eat buffet

that's amazing to Chinese and I don't believe, Mandan Regular and the problems I would literally like order. I don't know, I don't want that. What do you think about

Yes, what you think about a self improvement thing that you do online when you do it online. I need to do

problems. Every time I try to workout the phones ringing and it's like oh shit. Let's listen! You just get up earlier, get up an hour and a half earlier, I'm going to river my torn bicep. Well, once you have surgery for bicep and everything gets fixed, I think once you get your bicep torn you're, probably going to be a little bit out of action,

not all these six months! No, you know what Novitsky had it done. It's fucking amazing I had my bicep done, but to

shoulder to the bicep to the elbow to the no no

you have be choked up we're talking fricking one hundred million years number, one dot zero; no, no! No! No! No! No! No! No,



there's no need to choke. You try to steal me and shit. This is one of those things that I swapped it up and jumped out once we once we made up on the phone. One of the first things you want to do is choke him out in the air

No, you might need to go to the Smn in the pain. When you get choked out you like go somewhere.

Will dream and then come right back like DMT

that said James on point: let's get serious, let's get

Let me just say a few things where he goes down this road. Okay,

What of the rope going down all right? We were just talking about. You know what the road is talking about. George Soros! No! No. We passed that we just talking about,

talking about the Strip Club, the guy choking the girl, the girl truck in the guy out the guy and hitting his head and then what happened after that? Any ideas, Jamie, no one, wants



before that. One of that I remember one time I got choked out. I remember hating babies. I remember it was cool. I don't think I've ever been to completely out for a second, the first time I got choked it was like this seventeen year old Super.

Chick, and I was like thirteen

tied up. She lived down the street. She goes

I got permission, sounds pretty on twelve

I'll, have sex with you. Is it true story, I'll

sex with you. If you, let me put makeup on

everything, show the girl puts the makeup on have sex wither and cheese.

And like a week later, she goes. She goes now, I'm going to choke you up

That relationship went really well until, like thirty year old boyfriend caught me at her place

because your mom was working and trying to kill me in the parking lot. Oh my god,

of sexually you put make up on you a letter full deal,



you listen. Your wise, wise man should know, but you just have like a clown. Always here's some of the things I and we can go forever. Yes, goes.

Not conspiracies, but real world programs developing a breakaway civilization. What is a breakaway civilization? You understand that it's the key to everything, uh

Guys, total surveillance control grid the power despised,

control, human animal hybrids, recover that mass farming of humanoid tissue Trans, human endgame coming multilayered, binary weapon delivery systems. That's when we haven't had what's that. Well,

I'm get into some of that. The pain is five

g, behavioral modifications. We hit that Trojan

delivery system. Cell phones, vaccines, GMO

contested designed to hurt you again. Vaccines are real. You can give somebody something gives him the cure, another disease that yet get but they're jacking it like a cell phone



stuff, your ticket to immortality. What do you think? Let's cover that? What do you think is happening with vaccines? I know

okay. Tell me what's going on, you've always used this because everyone's heard of it

heard about one thousand nine hundred and forty seven to nineteen

eighty three and only came

public, because the program

in Peru and promote

doesn't West Virginia, but the media picked up. It was white on black, not all the white people have to don't black or white, injecting

over a one million people with live syphilis in the,

so vaccines, you know, but to ski. Do you know about that?

but he you only know about Alabama and over forty something years only injecting blacks,

but it happened all the world search engine hill.

Clinton apologizes for apologizes,

most experiments in Tuskegee,

it was it. It was in Peru. Can I ask you this: was the Tuskegee was the arm the convention,



full story that they had syphilis

weren't really curing them? That's a cover

Is that what they say you know if you actually, they were giving.

I understand what you're saying, but was the the the

regional explanation of what happened was that that they knew that?

He had it and they allowed them. That was returned. Overtraining came out. Ok have you heard about here. It is right here us apart,

As for Guatemala S, T d X, yeah, they're, they're, they're, all different one, just type Perla medical hold on get to principle, to make that a little go

scroll up. So read Us

Formant medical researchers intentionally infected hundreds of people in Guatemala, including institution

noise, mental patients with gonorrhea and syphilis

without their knowledge or permission more than

sixty years ago, Jesus Christ.



When you've read, is what I do is Jesus Christ. Look at this. Many of those infected were encouraged to pass.

The infection is as part of the study. Where does this

What is the time here? Kill message, NBC News, imagine finding out you have syphilis, but you've never had sex before. Let me stop. Let me show you imagine how confused you ready for another ultra secret since is forty six to one one thousand, nine hundred and forty six, two sorry

four sixty one thousand nine hundred and forty eight

that's why I watch that's, not okay, it's not two years. Okay, so so so makes me

then imagine what's happened. Okay

we had a real liberal media in this country. They weren't leftists. That's occultic, that's different

we had a real liberal media in this country that had problems, but they really cared.

Reminded like when I said focused on information here is, after I prove Delta force was in Seattle in nineteen. Ninety nine and prove that they also



Alex Jones is right. It's incredible! That's the WTO tape that I always cite the type that will you show the agent Provoca tours, went into a peaceful protest and started smashing windows and I'm not against the army but Delta Force random

there's always go down. The armies. Terrorists, like you said, don't call the whole government group

yeah that they changed it

so imagine used to the press would get a lot of stuff right, but-

they would get demoted or whatever Trump got in which

and I got Trump things good, but I almost think like good

physical. They put him in on it, piss everybody off to get the Libre

super traditionally been the real watch dogs for free speech and it gets human

fermentation, and

certainly there like in Gallup polls, we love war. We love experimentation, we love everything, getting chills right now and so imagine Joe,

I've been on air for twenty three years and I'm a new sound. I spend four five hours. A reading news

I don't believe NBC News that our government gave people notice, I



dead Peru, because that was a big document in case you just found Guatemala.

Track of this the track everywhere. This went on to the everywhere still going on so imagine

Imagine I have, literally by the time sandy hook him.

I've literally seen

ten thousand articles and documents are more where they're admitting

in one thousand nine hundred and sixty two, the joint chiefs of staff under limits or K.

President Kennedy. This is on PBS and said we

blow up buildings, shoot up schools and movie theaters and bomb. Your army bases a marine bases. I'm going to have people with their kids with

Name change that CIA get on a jumbo jet that takes off it gets blown

over the Caribbean. We blame Cuba but

that plane really lands and there's another plane. That's a drone we blow up, and

Kennedy says no, but his brother says no I'll do it while they killed Kennedy.



Does Bobby said he would, but then he got pissed when they killed his brother sold declassified. He wanted to bomb the Han

Aaron an embassy and blow up

about go to war with Moscow. Bobby Bobby was bad

this. Is you pull this up? Pull up Bobby Kennedy?

to bomb the US embassy in Honduras. This is

classified and so imagine use

the hundreds of these

and then a sandy hook happens in your listeners, don't buy it and then it's

psychosis were then well because

every man I knew about. This is apathetically, but it's was great. Every man I knew when I was a kid back handed me and beat the crap out.

So men are bad or a woman's been raped,

which takes all internet. So I get like

this psychosis and I'm not gonna, put myself down like I'm a victim, I'm being honest retrospectively that got to wear when I learned that so much stuff was false. Then

later I experienced where I had the guest, I did

thing I knew it was true, and then



People made up the whole story because they don't believe anything anymore. So that's what I'm trying to say do you think it part of it?

Is that, even though this stuff does exist, it's almost like there's too many things happening for one person to pay attention to all of them and if your own

focus on a shuttle overload. Yes, well, if you're only but hold on. If you're, only focusing on that aspect of life, it can be incredibly overwhelming because you start thinking, that's the whole world, the whole world, these conspiracies because he's

things are concentrating on primarily

Is this what I'm saying that she is

we just talked about operation Northwoods that whole thing that was operation Northwoods there, that is some

ABC that's about it, that's true, clear, great, clear, standout Brooklyn, but if you break it down and you look at it, you look at operation northwoods. You look at that shit that is about as gay

inkster and sinister and evil. You

went over just a little while ago we were going into early before you got. My point is: if you believe that



no other conspiracy theory, whether the right or wrong, like government conspiracy should be ridiculed. You shouldn't there

They should be all right. Thank you, you're right. You should, instead of looking at him with river to cool, you should look at him objectively and the band exactly and the only the only people that have a right to ridicule. Conspiracy theories are people

don't believe in any conspiracy theories. If you don't believe in any of them.

Yes, I understand why you're ridiculing killing people all the time, what some of them

you believe in some of them

the other ones. You don't believe them. I think

should be more.

I don't believe in that shit, but I understand why my defense all know

we probably just running court, I'm looking forward to trial in Texas and in Connecticut

I it on the lawyers already agreed, I'm going to sit there,

gonna show them history and all these things these say like I



watch the already been out for like a year or two, but I watch the minions.

Rear, Bore, and it's like this

sixties and they break on this.

Of Hollywood in the moon, landings being staged,

magazine for their family, but

I believe in western outside

we're going to hit a minute, wait astronauts done, which ones? Oh space, shuttle

we're gonna talk about. No, no, the Johnson the House from the APOLLO one had with one well, not really. Yes, they were practicing a class. Those were to get to this next and I

I respect you, but I want you guys to yell at each other for three minutes. While I go pee, I gotta pee too. Okay, as you don't talk to yourself, just hold will do in ship. Should I go first,

okay, anyways. You know what I'm saying your bad questioning. I get it now. You do

you know why, because you



No, I work this jug for golf course of course, of course, of course Alex

you you are someone that I could talk to about the flat earth conspiracy.

And you believe in so many crazy things about the government. You, don't you,

don't you don't believe in flat, but

you can kind of understand where I'm coming from

right: yeah right issues, GPS, Israel. I know,

pilots that fly from California to uh places like

Traglia and they've got another wing over to Hong Kong and then they go to Monica and you can fly anywhere in the world if it was flat, it was flat as you could go from e to West. Just like you,

a ball, you just don't understand what a like a

you can just go anywhere like if you're

wanna flowers when I'm telling a flatter, but I'm sure you could travel anywhere. Give me



two cities. The point of two cities in which we don't like to so much I get what you got nothing to do with the best, I'm not that right now, but I do have the money, I'm not trying to convince you, I'm not trying to convince you Alex. My point is my: take you gotta find it on your fucking.

There's no way you're going to be convinced. No no one has ever been can was we're going to make a statement they they have to really find it within themselves and and do some

I understand what I'm telling you soul, search. What, if I finance a research ship large ship and make a documentary, I can't go over,

I will pay for.

You three months, I'm not b s ing! You know me,

having money, not a big deal, so we can do cool things with it, one, how much money can you write?



I have to go to the south. Well, we're gonna need we're. Gonna need uh, you guys going to the moon or in orbit right now going through each other. Okay, you raise the money for a trip to raise the money, not the money. Okay, you come on the money Theo, this the deal, Gopi, Gopi Man, you're, gonna, go, say: you're. Sorry, oh plan going whoa,



who is the ambassador for player? He's the ambassador, I gotta say him swear, get astronauts me the guy that Disco Peyman the big ice fields that guy's going to be this is what they were going to Alex out. This will get you when you give me Tom, show me twenty seven, an entire crew during command. You are going to the edge of the flat earth total, but it's not going to be me. I'm going to I'm going to designate somebody. I'm too scared, so we're going to do this. We're going to do this, Joe Rogan! No, no! We're going to do this job to send someone else, you're going to find the edge of the world babies caps. Caps there knocking film the drop off with my Iphone.

Don't be mad, hoping he have

so we're going to send someone else Alex we're going to do you know what we're going to do this to be the one that goes in a minute, I'm right! Now, I'm right now

I came here and I proved there keeping babies alive and taking their. How did you prove that Jamie pulled? They admitted them,



Normalizing it? No, the fuck, the governor.

You really did.

Do you really think

There's people out there campaigning for late term abortions. You think that's it's real!

throated Monday to keep it cool? Who would campaign?



You can fuckinget men, they're, fucking, Kelly, already more kids, so you're telling me it isn't really what I had a fucking vote in the goddamn fucking said it. That's a conspiracy theory right way: fucking top you're about to get their killing. Forty four babies stop fucking lying got fucking dad I'm getting past now, don't get best. No, I saw the video right now. If I was fucking with the Senate voted to kill babies. Let me have your fucking barred playing with course. I believe that Alex, of course, I believe,



adding all over the noon. Anyways just plan ahead. He let me explain to you, won't. Let me explain to you. We went into a long conversation we played. I heard it. I heard it. I heard the whole podcast of years chasing playing with you imagine my psychosis is their reality is so crazy that I always thought I was so tough simply doesn't have to pee anymore. This little bit point is. The point is, is that the point is: is that dude? I'm not

the reality so crazy. Why are we debating whether the earth is flat? Do they're keeping they have human animal hybrids? There's there's a freaking. I have been there when people that work for the

Pentagon say that they? We go the laboratory and we meet with the ambassador. We have to take higher

higher doses is to meet with them they're, giving us technology and the technology works

is going on. Do you want to know this listen, relax



think about space isn't real freaking dimensions, man, the aliens cover that imagine Alex think about what I said I said to do. You think, there's actually people out.

Where did believe other cat there?

campaigning for twenty thousand dollars, central telescopes, where I can look at various issues? Listen to what I said. She's fighting with this fucking with you said: do you think there's actually people out there that are campaigning for late term abortions? Of course there are, but I'm making it seem like. I don't believe they are get out, I'm being the ultimate skeptic, I'm being the ultimate skeptics in anything. He does that all the time he's just

be yours of enemy right there I'm threatened, I'm not Mr Goody, two shoes by them, keeping babies alive and killing him, and that nobody cares. I fundamentally

that's what I'm saying I'm being honest here. Is I'm not like certifiably crazy, but I deal with this



all day long I get what Joe Trust shot away and people go crazy doing. No. Why did I never saw that clip of that guy saying that they would resuscitate the babies and then they would make a decision. I heard about that New York bill that they're trying to have me. Oh, it's like it's like a goddamn city, it's worse than God, they're, giving a bunch of goddamn fucking organ harvesting, doctors, control outside of law. You hurt that piece of shit, fucking, K, K, K, guy fucking governor, say we're. Gonna

people live after their fucking born because they wanna fuck it take their organs. It's incredible he's a k, K K.

That's incredibly cool fun! It's so that I incredible a picture with a guy k, K, K outfit in blackface. They elected him because he's black males they had that shit and when he messed up instead

keep him alive to get their fucking organs. They use that to deactivate it



Do you think fraternities have you screw sheep and all this and you know, give guys blowjobs, that's whatever join them, because they want to come and go back. Go back through that again,

okay,

I'm so happily side do this podcast, so she turned out you're up fucking amazing. It was a good pen who fucking world order,

also do it. Did you got so pissed off, I'm so glad I fucked it through.

Got some to do my wife, how many jre clips they're going to make that shit. Do they're going to they're going to put you to music cheese, pulled up MIT, saying they got animal human pigs yeah we did, we did go, take a leak, I'm with you, this man, you just kind of freaked me out about several



Jax no bullshit. He freaked me out about several subjects. There's people out there campaigning for the record that article says that there was no written data on that that came from three interviews. They had

so this is a human pig one that people were saying that to them.

They tried it. Why wouldn't they try it if you were

If you were the leader of the free world like didn't,

Wasn't there some God damn it was.

The nazis that were they were true

to theorize how to combine humans with animals to make a stronger human.

Wasn't there, some of that they were for sure into that. Was there something like that?

If there's a Youtube link that

that's for sure right like for sure they've they've. Definitely I mean, I think, all governments,

definitely give their soldier steroids, they definitely give them in feta means they get definitely give them camera.



Is to make the crazy should? I would are you kidding, that's where they started to run any fucking army, the, not see nothing oz, rather the kamikazes. That

would I'm up

I'm pretty sure. That's true, read that

one percent on Youtube, yeah, that that was one of the ways

I would get them not just like nationalism and pride for the country. They would do would jack him up on Crystal Meth and that's why they fly that plane right into that fuck

boat boom,

the nutty thing to do man you got to be, you got to be in a weird state

mine and you got to have such a horrible life there. I fuck it let

this crash into this fucking boat right,

the general and they're like happy about that. I can't wait to escape this shit. What insane choice

that's the only pc has is when he's in that plane, killing people what I fucking crazy choice that you're gonna do that, for you Alex welcome back we're talking about



houses, we're saying that we think kamikazes were that was they gave him crystal meth.

It was not a part of the program yeah I mean war, always drugs

and the the the Japanese learned about

in World WAR Ii, they're, actually on our side against Russia going back and forth they.

In the World WAR, one. The Japanese learn about msg could Japanese, like good food,

The military, wouldn't complain. They've just lose weight started death,

so they learned they were fighting the Russians

in world war. One

just go ahead and give machine

does your brain. Everything is super toxic, and so you

mono sodium glutamate like this stuff from chinese food, is that we were saying super freaking, toxic yeah, but we really

but beyond that, yes, they would give them well. The Germans were

on steroids and methamphetamine,

we're just saying that,

but it's not what is it



just mainline history stuff by the way I said, I give you the secrets of Hitler. Their secrets,

but this is not to be yes, this is the real thing. How do you know, though, who's telling you this stuff

you classified, classify today beyond classify daddy,

no, I mean Alex seriously overthink. Ok, 'cause, you have a lot of you. Have a lot of small grand Father was german in Dallas.

Work for a the inventor of indoor air conditioning was a billionaire in.

Area Dallas, where the Republicans all live same in that place.

No, it's not our like. It's that's the thing right there in the middle of Dallas.

So what you think? That's awesome, you think Dallas is like all buildings.

Huge park and, like all these big mansions anyways, he lived up there and it was just for Ma'Am. You know I've as I'm not going to get into the



The point is, is that Hitler was on the cover of time magazine and- and he wants true unless

The photo shop that I saw on the internet I want twice will Trump was on the cover of time magazine two

actually not really. The problem is fairly give you guys that affect he made his own more. Should I or should I just give up,

like a boil down. Here's the thing it wasn't.

My grandfather was these other people.

My grandfather said it was really confusing for him, because

He worked for this guy, that was in refrigeration and air conditioning when he was in

school and his dad on the car dealerships in Dallas and stuff. They live there. The rich area, Dallas

What did they tell you? Well,

one reason he wanted in the by the Time World WAR two started to drop out of beauty, and you know all that again to go, join the

Eric or so you tell me all this stuff. I want to your grand father is a little eccentric. Now, like my grandmother, New Werner

RON when he came down instead of what yeah yeah.

Show. Anyway, you go



Grandpa, New Warner VON Braun, both went to, I came in Yahoo. You with the event

Ok, that's the point. Is I'm getting too well 'cause? They were like German. No wonder you believe in the moon landing. I get it now.

Didn't make sense to say him finish store. My families was what they called high german

and so the hot yeah, that's what that is. Luber mentioned so

only would talk, people that were in the club- oh shit, ok, yeah, so so anyways,

Grand Father, and then it was like an uber mentioned and

no. You hire q, the whole nine yards show he was working with this german guy and he would just go over there.

After school work was apprentice and my grandfather was

will get more and more depressed and more crazy by the end of the 30s and the guy should fight him. He said he said

Climate, my grandmother's name, he said you had the Nazis. Had my

family in Germany, they're going to kill 'em, all



but I'm having to give him everything. I got all my money and I'm having to sell the patents and work like that were like twenty hours a day, giving everything he had because they're going to his family in Nazi Germany, he was german

and so my grandfather wouldn't in the Army AIR Corps defied Hitler because he had that

and he was so mad. I was a kid was like when I was a kid in Dallas

ab. Ap had Hitler. Speeches on 'cause Germans are a big part of the US

and it was the boon that I was supposed to join it and and Hitler was good

and we never really bought into it. And then I found out that this mentor of mine miscalculate build

today had everything he had sucked out of him by the Nazis. So that's what the Nazis would would do was extort.

And control, so I kind of heard about that. Then I'd rather go

so they see me down there like a week during the summer, and I was like eight years old, I'm hearing this he's like mom, ran as the plan for this orbital spacecraft landed and grab the young guard

gravity systems and I'm hearing all the seven like markers the table like talking about it and I'm sitting there

listening to this, and he would talk about yeah



that I was at least sound for you know Texaco

the only place to get chicken fried steak out in Mexico or West Texas was a military base. All these God, damn not Season

You know one time I didn't want to do it, but that guy's smarted off about how they had bore better shoot,

in our planes down, so I went ahead.

Ran his head right through the wall and I never knew what happened

For that side you just gotta, kill Nazis and the son of a bitch. Is our government brought in thousands of those assholes and- and I'm

listen to this, I'm like I'm, going to read about Nazis. It's how about ten. I start buying books

into a bookstore, and I want my cop. They are you a nazi like reading

Hitler's my struggle. No I'm not announcing my both. My grand

Father's, told me how bad Nazis were and both almost died fighting nazis. So I wanted to know about Nazis

It was this whole ethos, and so that's just

whole story of

standing that at my dad's angle,

father's angle of their impression paper clip

they didn't call it paper clip. He said our government brought those he



I think he would always say well, but that's the I think there was several waves there was that thirty.

Thousand of either

a lot of fucking Nazi brought over on Youtube. It says the operation paperclip was anywhere from like one thousand two hundred to fifteen

search the total number of admitted congressional hearings.

Teen 70s, Frank Church Committee in the seventies, released it only the numbers. Thirty

Four thousand two hundred and seven looking up, there's

Like I told you that gay several you pulled it out, but it is fascinating. They,

are those people over here and that's where the the space program came from.

Well, that's why I wore the shirt not as a sick joke.

I already have the CIA that was Lss

The CIA is O S s, that's all on record. Okay, I'm glad you

don't see how it is SS again office of special plans,

that was before the CIA, and then the CIA came up sort of like



the office of strategic services like what was

for the seals with Jesse Ventura was you know the answer honestly materials and that he was at auxiliary the navy. He would never come back,

expand on that.

But the osset the office of now.

Miracles? The OSS was british intelligence, are the most powerful british, most powerful intelligence agency ever they.

Set up bright house at twenty two after World war, two to anglicize the US with british intelligence, not a british intelligence, take over a marriage salt. This is like on PBS this stuff. It's true, though,

same thing: only academics are watching us it'll tell the truth. The general pop culture's all crap meant to be dumped.

How much would turn you off but

go to the real academic stuff on the old days of frontline and stuff, like

watch that it was true later at the documents, all it's all real, like those like really accurately Bobby Kennedy,

I bought. The embassy in Honduras,



I do not see well Warner VON Braun. Isn't it isn't it weird?

one man who directed all six moon missions was a Nazi,

with Brian over one. Isn't that crazy guy smoke weed and one guys having a problem. His memory two guys did

You want to defend wonderful, hey, I'm not defending him. Yeah, that's fine! Not to use- and I know she does read about it. He sketched for Hitler. This plan to drop atomic bombs that they had

developed when you see red skull, Marvel Comic. We've got a big bomb

I love New York, it wasn't a bomber, it was a space plane and it was about half the size but looks just like this and

mons. Actually, some of their signs, one of the Russians, the Russians tried to build their space. Charlotte was half a size that was actually the german plan. So so

you look it up, because the Russians took a lot of Germans as well correct about one slash of the the so look



The reason I'm wearing this is explained. This is a gateway all of it. So you have

intelligence

one World war war. You know Germany,

way. More advanced technology

then take over british Intel.

Just basically merges with the US,

the Germans and others say: we've got to go way ahead in technology. Was

in labs, but they could match deploy. They didn't have enough machine shops and systems to build it, and you

special forces, went on suicide missions and blew up the underground mountain. How about the Nazis were the first to bill?

flying saucer, all it. That's crazy

not a Quinto british intelligence, british in

Paula Jones.

Flying saucers,

forty seven

So now the Nazis are over. Here they go. Listen, you don't want them running everything and they go to Eisenhower and they say we want to launch a off babe.



Breakaway civilization, where you compartmentalize things forget empires,

You have a new ruling class of technological elites and then

The elites are all in charge, the public's watching tv and will give him widgets, and

nation series type things to viruses. All the documents and

under an empire will build a whole new empire, and so I

power gives a speech worry about it.

The military accomplish. He says the technological elite watch, the full.

One minute speeches farewell address is sixty two. He says

six hundred and sixty one, he said

You need to

watch out about the scientists because, because he

made note the national plan when he found,

but it wash what is it

away civilization where

try to run the whole planet

off resources and build a whole new advanced system, and then you player

off against each other and collapse it. So when I say what is a, if we could take NASA back over

it's bigger than the CIA. It's the real government, the space



steps in the stuff. That's all pr NASA is the real government NASA

breakaway governments to shadow governments

in the documents, and so you had one that was british run

and the Germans came to our own US elites and said hey. You always need a couple plants

they said, we've got all this on the drawing board, the EU a plan to poison the food

order to get rid of the dumb people, a plan for off world bases. We've got

by the way we're taking hardcore drugs or in contact with aliens. How was thinking that it was the Germans first got in touch how they do it:



never really Russia, a cold branch really easily called on all the any everyone which is around him at all times. You know human sacrifice, I don't know, there's a lot of the thrill society. What I am telling you Joe, this is not me, you go the real, deep phd level history, books. Okay, NASA is the german breakaway government, just always the Germans, the branch

for dominance. Okay, so what you're saying is when operation paperclip acquired all those nazi scientists, they essentially started running NASA, so NASA became.

Turn an offshoot of the german government. This offshoot government yeah the Germans had

all the wealth away. They had everything.

They made example really makes sense, though, that in twenty nineteen that's still going on. No, no, no, no, the british intelligence

On the c I a today the british empire

it was under attack and just bankrupted itself in world war. One, it said will give you the keys of the kingdom



Are they in the shed for the English speaking peoples? He was half american and this is officially in books. We merge with the british empire in like one thousand nine hundred and thirty two.

Okay, that's what the CFR is. Is british intelligence in US intelligence, so the

runs the show okay, so you've got you've, got german intelligence,

You don't need to do all this. We haven't given the real technology, we're in contact with aliens and then tell

where you getting this from you stating so confidently. It's in the literature man, Hitler like would go

mainline historical books about mainstream SS castles where they go. The aliens want blood, so they kill like twenty kids and everything that the aliens like coming in taking the bloody brings him in like sharks, and then they

What does technology they go? This is how it works. You build the atomic weapons this way he built that they would like



Some bombers like the aliens are like telepathic. I don't even believe this is with an ugly

and aliens with mind meld and given the technology they're bad aliens. So they are. You surprised the Nazis were influenced by demons.

No, if demons real, definitely think they'd be on the side of the Nazis.

What I'm telling you is they'll, be no immediate! No media is going to attack this.

I'm giving you to know where I can read it, where can I read that those statements?

contact with the I will always your pockets of real society. V, r l, if you let me, pull up a chair because it really means that they don't like right up there with the like doing average over three hours. If I,

with the report,

I'll, send it all to you with mainline books, also mail mill, the books with the tabs in ok and I'll mail documents. Okay, cool yeah,.



I'll listen. I think that they were absolutely obsessed with the occult that's been pretty well documented, made flying saucer, yes, and I think yeah and I think many many governments they developed a more advanced form of nuclear fuel. Heavy water

and we had to sit in special forces on suicide missions. Back was really special forces to blow it up

and I'm telling you- the germans- had all sorts

event. They just couldn't ever keep the plants from getting blown up because they were a few years behind yeah and by and by the way church

wrote about this in his memoirs and said the Germans were way ahead. It wasn't. The Germans were bad. That is not your bad, but it wasn't that it wasn't the

germans that first bomb civilian targets in nineteen

forty one, the

we're losing the war. Hitler was bombed

for medical facilities, military facilities and, and so they went and bombed german

towns and german cities like



the famous german city, Dresden, what was

safe city for kids? Half a million people died in one night to trick

to turn his bombers on the general population. They

psychologically. Do it, but but but but Churchill this is been classified, it's it's an esoteric.

It should made it so Hitler was set up. Well, it was bad, but here's what happened. Albert Speer was his chief. Our motion, architects, minister and british double agent. Rudolf Hess was the deputy for

They got Hitler totally love, but you never hear about him since one thousand nine hundred and forty one 'cause, they had a peace treaty with Edward. The eighth, who was the king of

one who was a nazi and it was german first family, german and they had a deal

to stage the attack. The French stood down, Vichy French didn't fight, they put they put nazi occupiers in the the Dunkirk operation was allowed to evacuate and Edward the eighth,



then super peace through Peace Chamberlain, but it's

come out that it was all set up by Churchill and others. Not they ran Hitler, not they weren't bad they're, pretty good, but they match

manipulated him and

never Chamberlain, all of them and bet on the british people in America to come in. They had deals with with.

To then bring us into the war, and that was the whole master plan,

go to the history and see all

that's. What's so incredible Joe when you, when you you

have all this info, and so rude

has in nineteen forty one four

two, he flies a one man by

he was a world war. One fighter ace like the number three eight or not aircraft. Look it up. Rudolph s

he flies in parachutes into the

castle, the king was in at the time in like Northern,

whatever the name of it. He

two hundred with the peace treaty signed by the king of England,



lock him up in the tower for the rest of his life in London and ever the eight had to advocate type in

Hitler and you'll see him in videos, films and photos,

was in Spain, world war, two started: where do you think the contact with the aliens came from where, when did that start?

This is the most important they were not aliens learn hold on interdimensional aliens.

Alien means anything out of this world. What, when was when did that happen? That ice gets that mother vodka loose? No,

it's fake. I need to hear about aliens

yeah and we still crazy batch. You know it's crazy about aliens. Is it Utah

who made a big announcement that they're going to go after a nine hundred and eleven videos. Anything up. I don't know this is true. I don't know, but



Is it true that there demonetizing any videos that have truth or liberty? In am yes? That's true? Yes, but I don't know if that's true, but I heard that well, that sounds crazy. Interesting offer discussions building. Let me finish. Let me finish real, quick,

it's crazy how they're going after nine and eleven miracle cures? Father fuck, but there blowing up alien video

their power life is wonderful, strongest, monetized, videos out there. I don't know, but it's true the stronger. It is well there's a lot of

is out there looking the best deals in the best way that the top top of the line,

exposed I'll tell you when it is right. I actually know the numbers to blow it up.

Only in video there's a little kid who makes twenty two million dollars a year reviewing toys? No! No! That's like the number one hit.

One of the number one guys on Youtube? It's like eight, I'm saying



alien videos get monetize Irvine high level. You know wind bouncers, the high level, because I was right there. Okay, they're, not they're, not offensive people get drawn into with every one of them is currently set up. Why did they

shut my shit down, 'cause they're, talking about that the government is lying and covering honey. 'cause. It's funny

But it's terribly right: how did the connection with alien start? You said this is the most important thing we discussed on the podcast and Eddie. I love you to death and you're awesome. That's why I,

she'll be here. If you want to believe in aliens I'm cool with that, I still love you. I don't care, I don't care about that. Listen! This is not what I believe. I love you for who you

I'm trying to tell you something, listen man! Let me tell you something: let me take some okay, I'm not making this stuff up.

I believe you believe it. No.

If I told you earlier about my dad the table being offered. Half a million dollar

one thousand nine hundred and eighty chevy that build cyborgs in Merrillville? He wasn't here. For that part, he came in late



tell me how the connection with aliens got started with

connection aliens did not trees. When people started becoming obsessed with contact with the aliens, he was saying, the nineteen forty seven

some sort of a connection. You know right. They

youtube in mainstream media, like they always thought it was safe. I talk to

but Federal reserve the new world order. I want some big show as long as they make the aliens in with it and he was never the alien guy right.

The big alien. Never you! You know what that's right

I remember when I was balls deep in aliens 'cause. I believed all that shit. I believe it used to be that you

conspiracy, theorists if you believe in aliens but not anymore. Now, if you believe in alienating this Israel's person, okay, but let let's tell me how the connection between aliens and the took place, wonder all the start. Let me let me begin. This is really a



without telling you this is a real deal. I believe you, this is you ask? Who are they? It's people

who are psychically genetically available

interface in this incredibly diverse

universe. With

all these dimensions above and below and all around us with consciousness is,

and the truth is no energies ever destroyed. It all continues on. The truth is our bodies is a fact or

hive organism

all of our ancestors and all of their race memories, but not,

and just some compressed epigenetic sis,

it's beyond that. It's an electrode

chemical antenna, they've proven this.

It connects to higher and lower dimensions. Show

body shoot, because our

our predecessors would put us in position without giving

there's a body should get his them. Our families are loving us, they're, holding us there wrapped all.

What is their strength or will their bad they're good their sins, the good things they did, the



They won the battles, they lost the woman, they love the man, they love, it's all

in us all. These people were able to look into so many things and have so many different experiences

And so all the shaman, all the ancient religions. Everybody says there are the good ones and there are the bad ones, and people are interfacing, so you say: where does it begin from the Tibetans

to the measure Americans to the Egyptians to the druids to every

society describes the same thing. There are bad

things that look like elves that have horns when they show you who they really are, and there are good things, but they don't

contact you unless you contact them and then they they're almost not even

what you're doing I never bought into this look

never going to think about what I hear when I was a kid? What did I see what was coming out government documents, what was being admitted when I read all

books about world war, two of the Nazis and Hitler obsessed,

the Dalai Lama and the Tibetans, and what they were able

without drugs to interface. With this and



all the rituals they would do and how they were believed that beyond the ether I get skull and bones is a german death cold. They do rituals ritual, take drugs to talk

the goddess is well they're just appear

sexy, beautiful women. It's whatever you want is the Spirit guy

because lower entities will come in

and violate your free will, God and his

angel which below him will not get in

solved in your everyday life. They will not

your free will, unless you ask them in, but the devil masquerade.

The light so we're on this planet, the third dimension, which is a launchpad all the other dimensions below and above

The third dimension, all that mathematics shows is. Is the primal

she of, where all the

tablets the earth like an egg and we've got all the

potentiality.

And God will sit out a transmission for a larger plan, but evil is willing to come in and what does it say to moralize? Get rid of shoulder, don't have kids. Humans are bad. You will be

be better once you're all gone, and it's because



operational mission for whatever reason that will understand later. What's going on so the Nazis, we get the deep literature, they believed

they were basically say on sing and being possessed by entities that I mean it was before the

ounces, for whatever reason was the Germans that this happened to and the like? They didn't discover LSD in the thirties

these. These people were running the psychology departments, they were interface

and with the occult they were involved in uh

all this crazy stuff- and it was all about

their power and how great they were going to be in the Germans were seduced and they were subdued.

Because they had high iqs, but more than that, they were psychically connected to each other and would work like robe

this Chinese and the EU want robots, replaces will follow, orders

the Chinese, are very calm

from the conscious, also very robotic, but the germ

their gestures robotics. So this entity system pick Germans

this attempt, even in world war, one world war two and it was amazing,

which, as well and offering



technologies, but two different paths. One was so

dual control and also their stuff with

the other, was high tech, weapons

systems interdimensional with the Germans, and so

these players are

until it was very dangerous. They're, manipulating the british arm,

the german arm and,

the chinese arm. That's almost

like you, robot at the robot army and and so when you study at the

published, go to these events and they take bigger and

doses of drugs that do Electro shot

owners of time, life books didn't work just in the twenties and thirties and lsd and other hallucinogens an apothecary. They were getting electroshock. They were

They were having people turn their heart off. To like try to communicate with these things too,

how to be dominant and get that. So you go back thousands of years,

Merlin in the archetypal or or or

magicians or these. These wizards are taking

drugs in these temples and interfacing. With these



hum tears. His crystal balls, which aren't really crystal ball

it's their psychic focus of internet

connection, while they're on drugs looking into glass to then be

able to see the future

and what's happening to give them to

little power over this planet. But, like the Bible, tells you

Pharmakis or any of that always leads to destruction. 'cause only evil is going to come through that way. So

we basically have these light, sockets

jack into the higher. Let's start free will, and that takes time we in to the evil.

So you can jack into evil. You can't jack into good right away, so it

quicker. It's easier like Yoda says about Darth Vader,

liquor easier, more seductive and so

I remember being a and and parents parents really

about this. Whatever they even know, they were here at the time, but they

add friends that they knew it Uti that were involved in and then and then they were not,

I about research projects in San Francisco

duty has some MIT has a lot anytime. You want but



This was in like the sixties. They had

virtual reality gloves where you'd put him on and put goggles on, and you go into stuff that look like the holodeck from STAR Trek twenty years, forty

tested and they were doing surgeries and all this, and they would do

empathy loads where they say we need the public.

Because we're so weak, because the west is so strong people have

that promise say, sold him low level over to create trauma like when you go to Mars, you're, not getting any gravity, so your heart still go when you get there. Organizing all this

Don't tell you know it's a special class you've been so in the sixty.

He's they had love.



Special class of people that are organizing all this shit is the highest scores, but is it for what purple you don't know financial gain social Jack Parsons was his jet propulsion laboratory, Alastair Crowley, Devil, worship exactly okay. So what so, you're saying that alley over one hundred years ago in those three aliens give the plant the founder of J Pierrot Jack Parsons. Have you heard this before? No, I just can't believe I didn't wanna have Alex on the party, but did you? Let me finish this. Just let me say take over, but I'm not bullshitting you

I'm telling you this stuff.

Don't believe in this. Ok there. It is right there

Sadly, no exactly so crazy.

After days of people, not just family



Winn, vibration, aromas, stereo, sound color, motion, wide vision and 3d, three dimensional, but let me tell you they wore

that was already like you see, like paper thin tv screens, and it was already.

I list so there's no way this was human technology, so you've seen these foldable phones, yeah yeah. I think the aliens have already too

over Samsung Samsung walk Huawei,

their ship

show show. So if you think the aliens are taking over SAM Sung, they have a some some to do a SAM Sung. Well, obviously, that's what I'm telling you is that the pen

John isn't worried about Jamie. This is the patent. Wow know

that's the week of the sixties. I believe one thousand nine hundred and fifty seven so notice. That's exactly what you're what

I told me, that's what are htc. Vive looks like that. We have in the foot today she got this big. My dad

tell me this.

We saw in game and he said no son. We



virtual reality goggles and we

Sheedy the and we had things and then something else happened and

I'm not at liberty to get into it, but I was shown three years ago what the university

Washington was doing under bill gates, and this is in the nineties. What were they doing? What do you think? They don't even know what they're being given its intervening us so

You think it's some sort of alien intervention type shit. They they they to get even deeper. They turn your heart off for five minutes and they pump oxygen in your blood.

And you're in the meetings I've talked to people that top scientist and

you're in the meetings with frickin aliens. Elvis is the main group, but there

by shutting your heart off. It makes you have that psychedelic experience by keeping blood in your oxygen.

It keeps you alive. Well, let's explain: okay, the heart goes out. The body thinks it's debt



so you can stay in longer. I don't know all the science behind it. I understand, but let's see

minus. Let me T or Iowa

two hundred times like most are astronauts of test are flying planes, those robots. Now it's all Mine WAR,

so these dudes are like it stops working once you've taken hundreds of times

so then they start taking their most psychic people who are

able to do this. They turn their heart off.

They put him into these these events and- and it's like the things

feelings tell him they come out. They tell scientist and it works show like we're. Gonna share. They didn't. Let me tell you killed for this stuff Joe. This is not the only thing that woman off here

this when I finally figured this out because I never touch aliens, I kind of knew the whole thing already,

when I was a kid weight: nine. Whatever it was this lady, this lady would come over that my parents and

beauty and was involved. She talk about yeah, we call the

Delic Research Institute of the name was

that's really a CIA deal, and you know we just can't



will it handle it. They're going in the else want this

and the elf want us to basically reduce population and agree with

certain plans and it's all of the humanization, and they call me Elsa, Clockwork House and they're like yeah

and I'm listen. My parents are like seven years old, like they don't think you're

and talking about. Well,

of the elves want. This is what they're going to do and the thing is it's not

that special. You know

much of San Francisco.

There is dude, it's a cult man. You know

these guys. You know from San Francisco, you look at look at the head of Google or Youtube or Freaking apple he's on.

V TIM Cook in his eyes. Are this big under lights? Man

you guys are on stuff that, like nobody even knows what do you think they're on stuff they've been given, I mean

people at UT. They won't tell me specific

They, like the doodle, owns Youtube who's. That guy, what's his name



girl you sexes, pay. No, no nobody likes them. It's anything on that company whose is or take take take puts all right. Do, there's not like a Jack Dorsey of you to take take take take some arbitrary. He goes

in two hours, I'm there he's the ceo of you,

who is the ceo of Google, Google. Sorry

he's literally on tv going. We never

fix the result we

it's found anybody.

There is no surveillance,

You've got all these old white men and I'm not saying white man to be

it's all a bunch old, dumb ass white man and a couple of dumb asshole mexican and black ladies they're all done because they are going

so you don't

control controlling. Meanwhile,

prospectus to their shareholders, how they control it all now they're going to deliver maximum profit, and

like yes, it is true. We have

control the search result and it's just

I'm just listening to paralyze. Meanwhile, this



only the front guy of Eric Schmidt and God knows what they're into their

has hasn't been proven that Google does something to to alter search results. I'm asking cause, I don't know not asking to fuck with

yeah yeah. I don't know what did they do? Google itself is about. If you pay them, they put results the top just like Facebook. Okay! Well that

definitely altering search results. So what he said was not true. If they,

if you can pay. It's like saying watering Wet Joe

I know you know all this stuff. No, no! No! I don't know that. I don't know that now. Listen

honest about what I don't know.

I know some things, but I there's a lot of fun

holes in my knowledge base. That's a fact! Well, you know that they try to block my name and directed toward negative stuff.

I'm sure they do. If only manipulate all they do. Is



All they do is the negative. You attack me. It's it's digital currency. You go to the top and they pay you money right.

So your body a little tip watching?

Let me lie about go to the to the top, but you lose. Your soul

want to burn this out, there's important stuff to cover aliens. So this is a good podcast

Okay recently, what was known jobs on the morning as my flight look at this right here

What is the endgame?

here's example. Earlier we already talked

about human animal hybrids, mass farming of humanoid tissue Transhuman in game

and we talked about aliens and you looked it up and it's all right

yeah. As for the aliens,

Creating a human animal remember is an alien like grays and stuff like that.

Grazer like like a robot yeah. I think it's I've heard that theory that it's not a real there's, no doubt in the same problem. The idea



is that a certain point time you can interface with that robot so that you could see it in real time through its eyes, even grave.

You really don't know what I'm saying. If, if

one day in richer biological androids hold on a second one day in the future. They

figure out a way to take a thing that looks like a human, avatar, yeah and

transported through a spaceship on to another planet, and you

look through its size because you're somehow another connected to the same with the content. That's still no, no you're all being prepared. Okay, yeah! Well, your bow hunting in your at all yeah. You saw the nineteen fifties diagram of the VR goggles we've got such a famous photo of a you. Don't

even any alien city, I don't believe they come,

come up there and pull up minder interdimensional. I think, from the same place where I think we're in this vast plain and there's a lot of shows employer. They got us in

closed in this little thing. Any



you will learn. Here's the thing you learn what the plan is by the attack. They don't want us having kids,

they wanted to moralized. They want to break this down,

they don't want to think we expand and they don't want us to believe

their space and I'm not trying to attack you, but they don't want

dimensional resource expansion. I don't even know that

what they don't want us third dimensional resources

yeah. What does that mean?

you know, if I want he's, not look. That's a nineteen fifties. Diagram no way saw that I'm glad he found the patent yeah. My dad told me yeah

virtual reality, and then I talked to this scientist

somebody else and then I found out other stuff.

Let's just say this, I'm not in the CIA me. Neither

I'm not the NSA me. Neither but they've been tracking me. My whole life.



Think they give you this information, sometimes you're. Absolutely for sure it was the CIA. It was the former deputy wrecker. Basically, the CIA section chief found founder of Delta force, who got

me to like two weeks ago, Alex you're not saying sandy hook stage, you go say: Sanders took stage because all we have the people were there and just because he was famous m. I t scientists and stuff. I went with that.

So you think already had computers, probably I'm speculating

King way out to set me. I mean I don't know, I'm sure this people setting everybody up if you think

I told you about this- I don't know, if told you about told people to listen to podcast, but this woman Renee to rest and she had a podcast with SAM Harris with they went into detail about the

operation that people would use to troll face

pages and Instagram pages and create these where the Russians

These troll bots and these meme pages for the hundredth



The Russians are all doing it. Everyone's doing everyone's doing the idea that just Russians are everyone's doing, but the thing that

fascinating was she was saying,

They organized a Muslim, a van across the street from a pro a van yeah want they want explosion. They would have black lives matter next to blue lives matter. They said everybody up with everybody. Blue lives matter is a lot of spam. Morrison

film school here in California trained on of the CIA. What was he trying to trade on? Can I can? I know that when I get less as said this before, and I've said

it's don't in the podcasts only keep to be. I'm not going to go to be again, but

windows, ten turn. Let me go first. Let me go first because me and Jamie all we got is the Cleveland. Browns will go off about Fucking Baker Mayfield for like ten minutes. Let me just say this job: they got that new guy from Kansas City and the only

play. They get. What I'm actually saying it



Infowars dot com and newswars horse dot com. You have to be. We had twenty six million subscribers between my three shows

on Itunes. All they were doing was looking at my feet. They delisted that and it killed us

and I was I was like, oh god, I hope I don't care about the lead off Youtube or Facebook dot. Don't figure out the I tunes. Don't don't do it wow that was like devastating.

Because people are like a isa, listen to, they don't need more, but I want to be

She clear you have to go to infowars dot com, you have to news to Newsworks

if you want to actually what I have to say in fact,

I'll tell you guys play I'm not mad a play, but

heard me say that Jimmy Chevelle would go, have sex.

With dead kids and also cut out their Sze. That has a drain a

and and eat it, and I know

sounds completely insane. He was a famous child molester. It's admitted

so Joe's like oh that's, crap, that's crazy! Alice is going schizophrenic. Well yeah.



I probably going crazy looking at all this and I should carry multiple dogs go crazy, but the adrenal

something saying Israel, so he go to exactly

This is a three minute video that I really think people should see it. Doesn't

anybody doesn't name names it?

do any of that stuff. But if you go

Infowars dot com was what's a Corina, a chrome man.

It's just you've heard about all these rich startup companies that like well, the parents.

The kid has are right away that ten year olds and blows blood

there are people taking kids blood right,

seems like teen. Blood is works well for people in there elderly years.

Is this true.

That's what I'm saying vampirism doesn't mean. Vampires are real. It means that attitude I don't know



I a three minute video on video on did reporters did a crow.

You said to me right

Can you tell him? The name is on your phone. You got it. Okay

This is only three minutes and I don't name it it's and I'm telling you this is real play. It will give here's the thing. Stop was stop stop right here. You too just released a bunch of total new guidelines. Were you planning?

the content you get a strike against you, you pulled for ninety days. You can't stream, you can't do shit yeah now there saying you can have comments that are bad, so now you're guilty for what your neighbor does. Well, not just making. Are you talking to you? Well, I don't know who the fuck is going to do it to who, but after this podcast I think that's gonna check this is our own content is totally fair. Use is not

Youtube is really a d monetizing, any videos that have truth and here's. What I liberty is that it's not everybody getting paid on Twitter. That doesn't mean we all advertise on. This is a radio shows, and our tv shows this big diversified media worldwide,



said: hey here's where you can get your material, it's a great system. So for ten years we built it up. So that the web was now

percent decentralized. Now it's ninety percent centralized and so once the big

that goddess us all centralized they

oh yeah, just like

castle's will take your bank account away. If you don't support us boom

all gone. So now we have

fight back against that there's something to that. You know

there's something to this idea that one John

corporation can decide,

based on their own personal ideology, what gets put on and what doesn't get put on, because Joe

control freaks everybody so glad you're in the fight. Now. Thank you is there

is there? What does that mean? Most Japanese

is a little bit. It's mark, it's totally legal. It just talks about Google searches for a drain across no, I

authorize you to hear my video okay, the only issue I just write the beginning. I see it has a part of a fair and low.



LAS Vegas odds of the dentist, the dentist okay, none of these jobs. Let's tell people the link, so they can

go to it themselves, show it, but this is. This is essentially about people they're putting old people is it people are putting,

young people's blood into old people's bodies. Is that what it is? It's that you were, and I know what your questions- you're, not a psychotic, Damon Damon person. Thank you.

And like I believe that Alex says some BBC broadcaster would go, have sex with dead kids bodies in the morgue Anita branch. That someone who said

I said I didn't believe bill. Maher was a pedophile. That's all I said

I said that his thing his, I don't think so. Your chair, buddy, I know, says he likes women, which is fine. I think you like swim.

You know what we're talking about him earlier and I could say this from the perspective of a stand up comedian. We say a lot of shit that we don't entirely mean because we think it's funny.

And I do it all the time. That's why Eddie

That's you earlier. You really think that someone's going to they're going



legislate to harvest babies he's doing that to

No, no there's any problem, that's his style of comedy but, like he said, he's been doing that style comedy since I met him like he loves to do that. He loves to pretend and fuck with you and then

you you is like a joking games, you're nursing that drink, let's go okay!

Can I have one of them whiskeys over there yeah we got do better Bravo's about to turn loose, not just a little

get your busy, but last time you too, shall we get states after this or yes do it? Do it.

You want Xevion it. Could you

Imagine if we announced we're going to say that's a joke. I understand

hey but Joe. Let me get temperature all the time and everything everything appreciate.

This is really something really really glad. We did this shopping right, no, no! Stop

I want to say this would be clear. Um



I have literally been trying to find out. What's going on

and as you get older, you figure out more stuff,

not the one saying, there's all these aliens, the entire!

government government, all of these advanced groups that

they've, given up on space, is all

interdimensional! So I didn't finish up about. I want to get any tech, then I'll get into your tank. Okay is that I've got pretty good

standing by interviewing a bunch of people involved about what the master plan

is an exactly who we're dealing with, because it's not just

aliens what what's the different groups and what are you basing this on

what, when you say it you're saying like really like you're, really sure what do you base this on?

about general stubblebine right now? Don't

He was a major general general,

who is the head of all class clandestine operations for US government for like fifteen years,



and he said on my shell before he died at like ninety, eight or whatever, but also in private discussions, and this is

like six seven years ago now was everything like fifteen years ago.

Is the guy that ran the whole show.

You know: men. It goes yes, that's a joke about that. It kind of white washes it all, but they broke through.

Contact and they had volunteers, really serious people who who were taking huge doses of drugs. Do this?

Then our NASA was doing it and that's what I got to the point of

Well. Why should we try to go to other places? The third dimension is just as empty wasteland above it and below. It is all this incredibly complex stuff, but our brains tune all of it out, but we can't handle it.

Okay, that's why I like young people before they hit puberty are known to be psychic, because wherever we

they're able to see through the veil and all religions are based about seeing of the veil. Well, that's what intense meditation does for you right, whole tropic, breathing, a lot of that kundalini stuff



you're doing is allowing your brain to relax its boundaries and interface with all the other dimensions that are around us all the time exactly, but you usually can only get through psychedelic drugs, but dark forces dark form. Generally

Are the ones that are willing?

forces, are not willing to get involved in free will. So you think that they are ach

full entities that are in these dimensions that you're in contact. Okay, there are have

Possibly this personally like it's at a minute there are

There are hundreds.

And their discovery new ones all the time of parasites back

create worms that control life forms. They want

you ever the zombie ants or

zombie wasp, which will watch what the boss yeah

yeah, there's so many of them they keep finding ways,

particularly the insect world, which is really interesting. So the low

level



able to infect you with something that controls your brain down to exact activities. Yeah exact activities have you purse.

He had any experience with interdimensional beings. Well,

because it's all taboo and people. Let me tell you, I have

I have one hundred percent communicated with something. The question is

that something was actually in my imagination or in my mind, or that

something was something that takes place in another dimension. I don't know, I can't be sure

there's no way to put it on a scale there's no way they threw it running through a test. But what I do know is that it's the same experience I can okay sure

Eric Muller, who you know, Mechell Muller Beak,

as he's the one guy willing to. Let me tell a story. I've literally talk to. I see a hundred people from it's. It's probably more than that, because I'm not about this for a long time. He,



Christian, but he heard about all this, so he went down to a couple places in Central South America. Did it twice both times was thirty to forty people in the group and he's like well Alex

I just don't believe in demons, but I did see basically aliens come to the edge of the forest and we were all seeing it come on we're all saying the same thing, but I think it was a chemical reaction. You don't have a key if you

everybody gets drunk. We all think about what happened was in high school or college, or what's good and what's bad, we all have different experiences

when you're taking a hallucinogen

and suddenly you're all seeing the same thing. It just means it clicked off. The part of your brain is a film,

search, go crazy, yeah, there's a lot of

will just see more and then they see every

it doesn't mean they're right. It just means that the filter is off,

who said, give her run your hand over an insect that can't see they have no idea you're there. They, like certain in

fix it, just don't see anything whether it's a centipede or whatever, and how? How do we know what they see, what we don't



you're right. We we by dissecting dead ones. We have an understanding what sensors they possess and we can. We think of the a b e or a fly sees like in a bunch of little like after I told the guy on the right track alone. We know that they have a lot of different yeah. We don't know what the exact spirits was. I I told the holes stores yeah got computer sucked up the damn bugs that got everything,

love bugs the differences. Let me tell ya: yeah they've got rope

five years ago. They had

control trash with microchips they send.

Five hundred yards to bombed out building with a camera on their top? They had thirty years into dolphins too. Right in this trap. They've got approach is often said: Mainline scientific, american roaches with a chip on their head that run around the diff,

This is. The reason is dangerous.

Is that once you open that gate, it's all bad? They has it all bad. Why? Why can't you experience that

dimensional being

and learn something from it and be a better person,



because for whatever reason at first, it's all

beautiful and so you're an aztec base cat napping, all the

tribes and killing, who

the tallest of the smartest every time

gets control. It

but murdering everybody and always

it's beautiful. It always starts great, so you're talking about ancient civilizations, with a ritualized psychedelic drugs and they wind up killing everybody like every dish in every cash. The priest say we have to pro. Babies are the fires. We have to cut their hearts out. We have to

fight in general, true or false. Supposedly, the mushrooms were used by the Aztecs so that they wouldn't resist.

That get 'em all high on mushrooms. It was beyond that. We had cut their hair in a cocktail, they don't.

Dozens of elusiveness and toxins that would give him an enema, true or false though they did

used mushrooms just to keep him sedated,

makes it makes sense if you get they killed, pull this up. I think the Temple



I forget how you said it t o con teal con, but in this one temple I

think they killed some insane amount of people after it was constructed after the kids, Russia, tens of thousands,

They sacrificed tens of thousands of people that the ones that were actually working to build the Temple

blue tailed everybody I've been down. There was like in real real university heads who I want hear

These are the Mayans and they said yeah,

no we're open higher, dimensional gate. The gods want blood and they didn't take it internally. The mouth they would take in Imus of dozens of hallucinations and alcohol

and so the priest would take a couple of drugs and then the priest,

communicate with the aliens.

And the aliens wanted blood, and they also said it was more like we're shopping hearts out. Yes, sir, ok, we did one thousand, ok, the gates, open it open here it goes Jamie says it says they between wow between

ten thousand and forty 48th



in four hundred persons were sacrificed in the ceremony and one thousand four hundred and eighty seven. When the Aztecs completed the temp,

and how do you say the Temple name pull up the top of the? How do you say it's?

it's all over. How do you say the Temple name?

And so that's Mexico, city TOA con.

I think I'm Mexico cities, where they think they killed about five billion people first

This is one day fucking insane

and they killed eighty thousand people in a couple of days. But now-

and this come out the way you go down there and you're

walking around in the woods and the mind- God goes the bones and they pick up and you're like it's, not gravel. It's petrified. Bones are everywhere moments on the. Let me go further. The priesthood were meat sellers. This happened in Europe as well, they would hang the people up and the the stores the mark



is below the temples, and so you would eat the meat and the most valuable meat was warriors

when you won the ball, throwing game that alone for days. They would kill you that killed you, the ones

who won were murdered. This is the thing they used to

think they sacrificed a losing team. Now they

there's a sacrifice. The winning team had a bit about for a while, while

must be a long, ass, fucking game ever is just check. Dropping the ball fucking up now, but they were all fighting because they wanted. They believe they were forced from their side yeah. They told him. They said Quikscat lip

the flying serpent Cuatto could sit quietly

is going to you're going to interface, it upload its brain and you

paintings it's all like spaceships and dials, and they have perfect in the span.

Jan Fraternity years premised on a hoax users. There's there's drawings of it to all your old spanish text books. You know she at eight eight, eight, it's about like a half foot long. It



It looks like a jumbo jet with the windows and the engines. Sure

in the mind, smoke penis blood. They

it will take. What they did was that I made that shit. I appreciate it. I thought he was just being silly. No, no that's true. They took, they took long lines of leather shag, war, leather,.

And had it had it had nails on it and it and or had like a spiky things, a glass and they would put

in their genitals, oh the most skilled, is freeze. The high priest were sacrificing people for our,

you're saying hallucinogens, would like not

try to cut his testicles off, but only the most

skilled, which sit there and draw them through they. Wood smoke, the blood so that they can see the lower. Previously, the lower priest with input

talk to there and said they would put it on sacred leaves and then they would smoke the general blood yet of the high priest



They would talk to the right. I believe it's just people are so goofy. Look if you see those african, ladies with the giant plates in their lips, have you

so the the next the next yeah, how about that? They stretch their necks out to the point where, if they take those things off their head will fall off people.

Going to do all kinds of crazy things. Their body, I'm not surprised they smoke, shows blood

The Bible says the old testament new testament, which is pretty powerful. I know people misinterpret, but it

each to text. People there like you

Ezekiel like three burning

gulls land, there's a

Lou firm and over its head. It gives me something to take. I take it, I'm giving the full data of the plan that that that the

genetics has been infested and God must destroy everyone in this an alien story. Oh, it's one hundred percent, but that's what they always talk about. There was talk about that being an alien story. That's what one of the primary stories when they talk about the Bible, Ezekiel's vision, vision,

wheel within a wheel that



There was how do you rate it yeah? It says floating off the ground in the Hebrew yeah and it seems as pretty clear to floating comes a thing with a crystal ferment over its head noon, and then the face is shifting different creatures. It's like a

screen. Well, if you think about how long it would take for an alien to get here it really

he makes sense that unless they have a constant basis in a robot they visit or if they, if they came by themselves, they came by themselves a long fucking time ago. Look if they were able to make interstellar travel like to

three thousand years ago, which is not that big of a leap, if you think about us

three thousand years from now, would probably can do something like that right. So if they were doing,

that three thousand years ago and they found human beings, and these are the stories that we have these stories like

you'll and like there's a bunch of different.

Two stories about contact with the skies. You know the

the to tabulation yeah, there's a world government, the beaches, fifty feet tall, it shifts,



see at the same time, it's a hologram and you've got these

digital systems- if you don't go along with, you can't buy herself yeah people say: oh, that's, not real, but it's manifesting and then go two thousand years in the future. They have advanced technology. Don't send people anymore now this in aliens. If you go back to the old days, it was

actually some sort of humanoid or a large thing, like all the Zachariah,

the citizenship. Exactly that's what makes

that's what all those guys were telling you like, Avatar James Cameras, definite dialed in it's like no we're there jack we're jacking in well. It makes sense that if

was a visitor to this planet five, ten fifteen thousand years ago, if there was maybe more

Maybe there was a visitor one hundred

thousands of years ago that actually did genetic experiments on lower hominids. If that was really the case, it makes sense that their technology would have increased

more rapid. But let's go past that

obviously scientist like the plant, things garters like to plan things, and but that's



that's exactly what the globalist believe is that

they're just aware of what the fucks going on there is powerless, as we are,

the real argument more and more they only.

But solos people in charge who are compartment

is nobody else knows who will carry this out.

We're able- because we're advanced look at this, because, let's just get down to brass tacks: tax tax love tax, Joe! You just said it

Instead of some weird dumb preacher, you know and

In Alabama on fashion, Alabama, saying stuff you get mad at this, don't look at

so demonized look at. Why is demonized think about that right?

about how it says.

There there's no reality- and God creates a whole new virtual reality gives light, does all of it.

And then his genetic experiment by rogue elements gets involved. It's all right there when you actually look at

and you expand on it and you're like

My god, this like beyond the science fiction book, and so it's



obvious thing, that's why they keep telling us. Oh look. Piltdown man was fixed up no Joe,

they didn't accelerated, accelerated, mutagenic they're doing to us now something new.

They didn't accelerate immunogen immunogenic program on this planet.

Humanity. What what the Bible start with

we are made in the image of God.

Does that mean we don't have God's knowledge, but I've got advancement where the

image? Well? What is an image? It's a scan, its numbers, it's the genetics, it's the potential, so

we are the aliens Joe and everybody already knows this. We are the

Do you think that we are a product of alien intervention? They took these lower hominids and accelerate their evolution by applying their genetics? Do you know we

here's the deal they say we're ninety seven percent chimpanzee, but then they actually get

the deeper genetics were closer to pigs or rats. Show. I think that this was an environment built for us.



Were the master genetic program and they're all subsets of us just for a back story and that's what the globalist thing

yeah. But do you think that the aliens created us like this is like one of the primary here's, what the elite beliefs.

The elves are biological androids. The grace

there's other systems going on and no one knows his old warfare, psychological,

If no one knows the truth, is it's it's virtual reality. Once you get to that

so. No one knows we just don't work,

but we are- and I'm just here I rifle powerful, the Globe

STAR S. The elites are obsessed because, reportedly obviously humans was pretty freaking cool. We've got

some big giant mission and maybe that's a program- I don't know

we're like pretty super advanced, but you can't put something out like the spartan

when their kids were seven they from up for two years in the woods you can't just

put something out like like, like, like liberals, you give everybody very everything, their little assholes. So this is like boot,



camp and training and

the testes and do all this, and basically

this planet is what the people say. It's a big test

in ground for uh,

things that are going to come and we are at

our God and I don't mean I'm gone,

but I'm already God I've achieved godhood 'cause. You can see that

national yourself and the lower level. Elves will tell you that, because they

we know you're bad ass, but if they can trick a tad,

whole, it's gonna grow into Godzilla to go, kill it

If their winning so you so so the else are attached. The elves are a test on us to attack.

And see the survival of fittest, but there nothing there like by the

can we achieve look back, go we're going to look at that because I think, when you

jump to the next level an even bigger war going on. What's the biggest war,

consciousness in the universe is an interdimensional spacecraft. Beyond that. That looks like a comment from my research and it



it has its head as it's corona, but the consciousness conscious

it carries evil in the tail end of consciousness, has a location

giant consciousness. Is God okay

swimming in a giant system of survival of fittest that God is created to test God. Self okay looks like a comment, so you got gods conscious and all the good things that

going forward, but God knows that everybody has to be tested so that

will goes out and at the end of the

well is basically evil. That's why Christ

get behind me Satan and it's always

trying to test God and infiltrate up into it to sabotage damn they do pull the plug in this podcast is a good way to end this

mother fucker? Have your burnout want to know? I'm not I'm just saying it, one thousand three hundred and something if the fucking governments come in

but shall they love you? Could you return on you, but you guys been talking about aliens so much dude, trust



This is going to be one of the biggest Youtube videos of all this at the move to talk about aliens as much as possible in love aliens, they loved it all over children's program want bs alien stuff over. They come out of space. It's interdimensional Eddie! Well, when you say aliens, it sounds like you're talking to the elite, the playdium, that's what it sounds like delete, literally believe there in contact with these things,

They are

I want use on DMT and you tell us you have these:

experiences where the thoughts become patterns they become like geometric patterns that are moving through space.

They change and shift, but they're letting you know that they know all.

Bullshit, they see right through

you thought is creation to want you to relax. Yes, there is a lot of that. There's. A lot of thought is creation yeah, but but the only,

lax to see. Don't struggle call them aliens, though what I saw

I've never referred to him as a, but that's the term. Everyone knows not of this world, not of our average thing. I would listen



I would think it was aliens, it woke me up in the middle of the night and took me aboard a ship and that's what I experienced. I would be one hundred percent convinced that I went to a

alien spaceship, and I talked to these things. The difference is how it was like

to smoke it and then lay back and an experience. That is like. I expected that progression of of events, but if

woke up in the middle of the night. I was going to take a leak and a light

shone down to the bathroom and they suck me through the window took me aboard a spaceship and I saw

exact same thing that I saw

high on DMT, be one hundred percent

events that I was in contact with aliens. The different. The only difference is how I got there like. I got there through a drug

got there through smoking, something that's produced by the human brain that I knew was pretty

safe. No one's ever died of it. I'm like, let's see what happens when I go back to everyone, I'm out to

in mash groups taking particularly I'll Oscar. They have group

fans and see the same thing to hear the same thing. Yes yeah, which is the site you can actually, but it's beyond that, you could argue all



one person's a psychic leader. They projected everybody else, mind yeah, but who's, projecting that into them

So that's the only way it's out this. This is what

Pentagon. It might not be someone projecting anything into your mind. It might be your newfound ability to perceive things that you could the way I look at,

like no, I agree, but why are they all forty three people

you know in Costa Rica all seeing aliens? This is a bad example is a bad example, but it's not a bad one. If you fart

and you didn't, have a nose. No one would know if we didn't have

sense of smell. We

the smell, we could still get along in the slide. I agree there was a way to visually see if food is one individual, Alusa nation there's all saying it, but

what I'm saying is it's entirely possible that there's a multiple?

tensions are multiple things that we can't perceive.

We haven't. We don't have the senses for

they're around us all? No, I agree. That's a little unusual briefly, the job in our attic. Let me tell you what my deep research and basically vision as



okay, you just major, like things crystallize a penny to to talk about twelve divisions of La Levin, known twelve being on the present, so we all set actually says.

To say that is Eragon, so I won't say that, but I have

dreams. My whole life that come true.

And the weirdest thing, like a lady drops a thing of pickles at the store for five years. I have the dream that one day I'm there and it's the woman in the pic

break or or a lamb in no time was this. When I was a kid, it was more intense eyes, fucking crazy. So,

for five years you have the same dream and one day it happened, was it exact

have you dreamt ish fuck for about six

once I had a dream of a guy in a purple and green striped shirt, and I'm like. Why am I want, because it's not like normal range is like your been taken over



was get vomited lucid, like a lucid dream, is a dream and I'm walking around while behind a building and all of a sudden there's some dude in a purple and green striped shirt, he attacks me and six months later it happens. I mean it happens exactly so. What do you think is going on? If you mean all thoughts of yourself aside, just

just look at it objectively. What do you think that is? You could say that it's human programming and basic programming in the brain? Do you think you're tapping

to a timeline that maybe you can access all the time? That's another reason I wanted to get a grant one

the reason why you can rant and rave and when you spew out information the way you do, which is it very impressive? The way you can talk

about thirty three hours straight, get excited about things. You do the majority of your programs entirely by yourself, no telling what he was talking. I was this

doing something unusual? I'm not even doing it. It's like a river going by there's a turtle



the fish, there's a the log. That's why it's like random, like

is this. What is that exactly right? But that's how you communicate that's like in the beginning of the thing we were talking about sandy hook, I kept trying to slow you down. I was like I'm, not

calling you down this river, you just hit this one rock. I want to talk about this rock. I want to talk about the next rock, but you just keep going the way you think about things.

Is your your chaining one thing to the next thing to the next thing, to the next thing and for people who are not

thinking the way you're thinking it could be exhausting. Are you

right about it all?

I'm only seeing that like the code, but I'm wondering because of the fact you're telling me that you had these dreams that came true exactly the way you dreamt them. I know you're not full of shit.

Not a liar. I've known you for a long time. If that really did happen to you, if

This is your real life experience. I want to know what the fuck that is, you are, you. Are you on the periphery

you have your finger on a membrane that maybe other people can't totally touch where occasionally just to



Usually you get a little peek through and you get to see

side, even it's only once or twice in your life, who is

Say that what you're experiencing by being able to see these things that manifest themselves realistic,

in the future, that this isn't what human beings will have?

five years from now or a hundred years from now

sure exactly we think of like a cell phone be magic art are, we think, we're all the same? That's the thing. We think we're all the same, we're not all the same

we're, not all the same in our ability to talk, you can talk for a law

longer days, and I do any bravo- could talk about jujitsu better than both

us he's a musician you you and I both suck at music right. So there's there's certain things that

people can do that. You can't, let me try to describe it

and they'll use it against people notice, don't touch it because it's their whole religion. They can't stand. I'm talking about it by the time

like three years old. I would have this dream that God has, because God knows,



everything is a super intelligent, omnipresent, unlimited dimensions, but God doesn't know where God came from. So just like we're trying to find out where we came from

God is like a virtual reality simulation as well, and God is constantly running

every program every operate

which in turn, evil lose good, lose everything show

I would have these dreams, but the earliest memories like three

where I would fly out to the edge of infinity and it was? It was continual message find

where we came from find out what it is, and it would just be this big giant, spinning black vortex, like a black hole and then I would have to go into that trying to figure out what was going

on and ever it was the same thing and sources. It

frustration

show then growing up and dealing with things in questioning politics and questioning all these other areas that

dreams that come true exactly and



knowing what's going to happen before it happens, and then questioning it and then.

Being wrong like weird, like brightly crazy stuff man like like just so much stuff,

becomes like you can't even deal with you like dial it out, and then you just reach that point. Where.

You don't even know what's real anymore, because it's so crazy, but then you see like the mathematics of the whole system and you know how it works. It's not like you're, some schizophrenic, you talk about it, you deal with it and actually works like now. When you fi

the system, you automatically know what to do. When you talk

something. The president word for word repeats me. Trump is what freaks x out

for word. A whole speech is like

things and I'm on a power trip. That's what they flipped out about the CIA and everywhere else.

And they're like well Jones, just like connected a trumpet, I think, from like an idiot savant. What does that have to do with the speech? Explain that Trump's speech,



I'm I'm trying to follow. I don't even know I don't even have the thing it's hard to follow. You sometimes

You're talking trains trumps. So for that I believe, was even before that he was talking about God. Yet so God, God does everything except where God came from. That's a good sound bite right there. Do you think the God

is just like every other system that we see like think of this there's. No

one not is the motion of it is no one bird there's, no one bird, that's running all the birds, there's! No one person, that's running all the people,

it's all chaos, even if we elect someone, if they have the fucking people hate him, everybody's

in chaos is Conder trying concept, our struggle. Are you? So do you think that God is still centralized? Do you think of the idea of

God is decentralized that maybe God is a real thing, but is not one person

that is literally organisms. God is not



Free will got its consciousness. It's all the organisms, it's every technological innovation. I think God is with all of the things longer, and I knew anything new age is a counterfeit jobs. I was really out of it. Announcing a carver was real

because they'll say, oh God is everything that is was true.

Is experiencing consciousness or all of us. There's there's no MIKE wherever hard time saying that I know this, I could say, God might be decentralized. I could say God

I just be just like every other organism on the planet. It's just something

it's moving in a certain direction, trying to protect itself and trying to procreate and trying to advance and trying to innovate and trying to be better than it was yesterday. That's everything is doing every fuck

animal that started out as a single celled organism is trying to survive, because I setting create themselves well, it's not necessarily that it didn't create itself with something created it slowly. But surely let's say that through the process of evolution mutation, this is the only people over hours. We should do an epic podcast, but the point is



we should not give up. Let's talk about the point is

there is a pro human future? Anna, a pro free will future and the globalist or at

or at Anti human Anti free will future.

All I know is to swim towards the light. This is

for pro human future. This is the point, and this is one of the reasons why I wanted to discuss this with you, and this is one of the things that I talked about with TIM Pool recently and one of the things that when we have a revised pod,

which is coming up very soon with Jack from Twitter,

we all need to talk about open communication, that this is it's very bad for all people involved.

But people down from communicating as long as are now

doing anything to actively try to harm Kennedy said those that make people peaceful acts

or whatever he said, people that make peaceful action, illegal

violence and have a lot of yeah. That's a that's a pretty my. To paraphrase it, but that's a perfect quote: people don't like being left on the outside and that's what I came.



One of things about you and I having this conversation we had our blow up, is coming

understand that you felt like you were left on the outside and me as a person who is constantly busy and wasn't paying attention that it was self

of me to not pay attention to how you must have felt to be stuck on the outside. Well, I just felt regardless of what you did, what would we we, you wish you didn't, do or didn't do what I like about,

which is what we saw today. I mean one

the best things about this podcast to be. I got to show people what I really

love about Alex Jones, your fucking fun. This is hilarious and you say a lot of shit that turns out to be real and turns out to be of real, can

turn and you make some really good points about all the shit that has a job. I don't want to be right about them. Killing babies doesn't mourn. I know you don't want to. You want to be right about human. You don't have to be you don't be

It doesn't matter whether you you want it right. Jesus



well podcast we're going now. Don't do that. That was like six hours or something your honor. I think Kevin Smith was long. This is like five and a half fucked

he's a great guy just kidding. I love them. Okay, thirty Tonto, fine man with flowers. Look, here's a fine! Listen I'll, be honest with you! Huh! I'm kind of retarded

no. No, no that's going be a sound bite. They're going to put that to mariachi music. No, I might have to use your you,

blue flame thrower delight the next choice. I'll take a public tobacco, but no seriously when it comes to regular line, regular tobacco with no marijuana at all. Would you like some.

Dublin, I know know need for our guts, never wrong.



Look up the show little gonna give it all your points. What points? That's all I got points hundred percent one hundred percent. Thank God. No points got some great points. No, no

any any big. We are the ambassador of the flight

society, no, not

bladder cancer, Samedi, barely listen any but doesn't believe more than he believes. Listen. So if somebody putting it down everybody filter, it became a universal truth. He would fuck and start believing the earth is round. No,

no size. Contrary is the flat earth. Society is controlled opposition. Nobody, that's in flatter, okay! Listen!

I know there's a lot of bullshit, so I rather society was real. I respect you

I do I love you. The point is: is that I'm asking you a real question here? Okay to be the biggest doctor,

in history. It only cost like a million dollars. Okay, let's it a fifty thousand time big ship and to have it circumnavigate the planet and



who will be there with GPS? No, no! No! I'm not going to be there. No we're going to get someone to represent me there. Okay,

We could draw it out now will get weird lawyer launch, I'm not doing no, no, no, we're launching the discovery of flat earth project. Well that rocket

and do dirty shooting himself in the space

really easy! You know! You know you prove the earth with that. We really live on a ball. How, when you get when they supposedly make those missions to the ISS when they shoot up just have that one of the astronauts it's

go to the the just: have a go pro camera

on his helmet and just go uncut no cuts, no cuts.

The time you get on that ship to the time you

talk and I want you to doctor at nine

but for now no frigate technology, Cousteau never said anything. My cell phone, my cell phone, is awesome. Let's listen this IP combative here, but



Now we're gonna be in competitive. This then we talk, I know, but you talking over each other. If that did happen, would you want some tobacco?

Papa John's. Do it sure if that happened, while secure man in the first time, I'm saying this had been said. If that, if that happened, you let it go yeah, they don't there's no footage of the construction of the international space station. There's no footage. It just appears: there's not a spender space, no footage of the commercial modules of the international. Are you sure about that? One hundred percent there's no footage in the construction. People that worked on the space station have known astronauts there real

people man, they were there. They are real people, I didn't say so you don't think it's really constructed or you would like to see the footage. First, the footage. Listen, listen! If you know

there's a debate? Let me finish to let me just there's a debate out there

do you believe we went to the moon or not you ha.

Everyone needs to acknowledge that there is a debate. There's people that

one like a laser hold on hold on there's people that believe



we went to the moon and there's people believe that we faked it, you have to understand,

three people are exactly exactly so. When you talk about the people that

won't believe we went to the moon when

they also say they're, taking uh

other space ship to you.

I kind understand where they're coming from.

That believe, whether they win or not. Maybe we were maybe

I don't know, but there's people that don't believe it's so when

Don't you should understand it? They have

no trust for any of that. I love love. How many times you got gotta fake going to the moon before you go okay before that bullshit meter,

fucking explodes no. I agree. Let's finish it all. Ok, guess rubber got mad about sandy hook, which I think happened have a right to question one. I was watching minion

three or four where they go to us and they run through.

The minions engine run through Hollywood

changing the moon landing people have a right to do that.



There's. Nobody wants to send people up as a bunch of die, a bunch of test pilots time we fly on

jumbo jets around the country are cell phones work? Do you think we definitely went to the moon,

absolutely one hundred percent. Absolutely bet your life on it, but the difference is: is that

they say I say didn't happen.

The truth is that we have time on our shows and eyes. Moon landing. I've denied a bunch of

you know they say Alex Jones says

there are you,

Human slaves on Mars ever set it. But

All I'm saying is: I know the real NASA people and.

Warner VON Braun, the guy who directed all six moon missions, was a nazi correct

He hung out with Walt.

Correct, yeah, yeah

in the fifties just made up space. They never know when, whenever I went to space

the space, what welfare raining had spacey, why was on the phone you for forty five minutes? This morning I told you have a twelve inch telescope



twelve inch diameter opening aperture. Yes, we talk to look at the Freaking moon. Taken thirty five millimeter photos there. It's there

shit, you see when you look up it's there.

You get a telescope. You can see that we're not gonna have a space is fake conversation. You told me the fucking, like you can't do this. I didn't say the lights. What are they? I? Don't know well, I don't know what they are

The way I described this is the same way. I talk about jujitsu you. You should never

talk about how effective martial arts are just sort of just saying that you can prove that shit. You can prove all those things about three million miles away. There's no proof that you got to believe that we even real people that have souls and free will. As you can see,

maybe we don't even exist. You don't exist, Joe doesn't exist and nobody exist.

So because we can't have a space is spaces fake talk, my head will break break. Let's not do it. My point of all the



because I don't want to have it space discussion either. But my point is that if there's people out,

there, that believe we faked

went to the moon six times you have to

understand their skepticism, that yes, this is hold on. You know what it means we actually talked about before when he was talking about that. That's all! This is what we talked about before when he was talking about the reason why he questions anything because he's seen so many different things. It turned out to be basically so exactly the same in earlier, and he was actually saying that sometimes you can get fucking crazy with it. You think that everything is fake and you call bowl

on things that really aren't but human exploration. Israel, yes,

we do some stuff stuff like what we've done

wars and shit like what like electricity, that's awesome, Tesla, right, yeah

worst test lab. Now, I'm not just how 'bout all the technology that you enjoyed and make your life harder. I love it



I'm sorry, that's of course. Of course, I'm talking to the same science allows people to understand the distance between earth and Mars same stuff. Then you get into your over by the way. I'm not trying to make points. This after you've taught me a lot you're, really smart guy, an entrepreneur.

Task show

I think it's healthy to be where you're at questioning everything.

Buying everything all I'm telling you is is this.

Yes, we have now one hundred years ago, would be considered magic.

And we humans can go away. Yes, I agree with that. Fucking

I found a dude. I know people that I went over to the day it's hospital and it does nothing

What does NASA scientist on the main line in the videos running NASA? I might worry there.

Yes, I ran the RCA cameras. We fake the photo

because the radiation belt hit. They they'd Ultima,

but we should have done that. I freaking know what happened. That makes way more sense to me,

one of the things that Jamie and I have actually discussed when we talked about the gemini fifteen photo the famous photo of Michael Collins. That turns out.



Be just a reverse of a photo of him on a training mission, or is it a hard yeah? They wanted PR the music I did go to to. I went to three what ads of NASA engineers one of his room and take that, let me talk a

Raymond was there running this freaking here and the lasers on the moon

He ran the deals. He said what was weird is that another

group of ships,

You know what I that I just couldn't. Do it another group of ships

yet, but basically he wouldn't, but basically he this is not.

I was going to meet with him. I met with him at the former Norac

Jambase. The Hilton outside Austin,

wouldn't tell me in like a week later, his heart blow. He

ready to tell me he said no Israel, but there's more advanced and

the letters is how she looked at him. He's like the main guy like running the cameras.



Number three in NASA like for engineers. Frequent was in Vietnam ran black ops in Cambodia and he said

he said. Well, we lost a lot of people with those were clandestine operations. I wasn't part of it so compartmentalized. He said you're right that there were a bunch of missions before

man 'cause. The US is willing to killed fifty people to do that, just to see if they can get

so no one else will be the most tragic thing that people take us. Is that great Joe know? We were willing to

men already to die over and over again for the one time at work and that's what,

This is all well Gus Grissom in those original blew up on them. Left we blew up on the launchpad, you know will be in

credibly tragic. If is it is if they actually did go to the moon, but they fake the footage.

Is the radiation, so there really

is bullshit ever believes you know, but you know how how horrific that would be if you were a guy,

like Neil Armstrong and you knew that the footage is bullshit, but you actually had gone to the moon. You like fuck



This whole thing was like people are starting to why these, where is it? Look like their own wires? There's absolutely there on trampolines like by the way they all got radiated 'cause. It's true like he says going through that,

one thousand Chester X rays or something you know even for his noon, you know is like ten text Chester,

yeah. You know what those, although I thought it was only one notice. How do you know what's more notice how the international flights are all now at night? Why's that, because there's freaking already do

so you go to sleep, it's a red eye. No, no! No solar radiation from thirty five

feet to to to sea level on average

Is ten feet of water about six?

is a stone there's dirt. Quite, why is the sun so big on the

on the minutes. Explain that again, what are saying imagine

the atmosphere is a lance. Okay, so

why do you think the son of the moon looks so much?

horizon. Why is that

I always thought it was just



Harrison go alone, or is it somewhere that red? Why is it red the atmos

here, you're, looking so more up there

you're, looking through one thousand miles a set of twenty miles, show them

moon gets smaller interns totally? Why does it goes up right?

so this is this is like astronomy, saying because you're looking at on the plane- and I forget- we

talking about that flights, yeah

radiation radiation

whatever it is. You get a bunch of chest x, rays right when you fly during the day, because the sun solar radiation, because you're above

Everybody, a body knows you're in the mountains, you get a worse sunburn, wise in less oxygen, less dropping the uv

show when you're at thirty five thousand feet. That's above this himalayan yeah you, you are up there and there's no there's, there's average average thirty five thousand feet. This is NASA



probably true hand feet of water

inches of stone, thirty, five thousand feet of dust. The filter

oh wow, wow. When you hit a filter on your Iphone. Does it turn another color put a filter over right, so think about think about the atmosphere

you're. Looking straight up the bones: fucking white.

Look at this angle: it's yellow right! It's big and

orange on Damn, that's big. It's not just words coming up! That's part of it! It's that it's it's bubbled

to form, looking through a pair of glasses on the edge so you're looking.

For all that atmosphere. You looking through pollution. You look through dirt everything yeah yeah. My dad told me all that that's fucking amazing, no

So that's why moons are red?



they're red, with a rise in their white with a top? That's all the shit, we're looking at it through what yeah we've got a weird situation: huh, a big ass one, slash four sized planet, just floating

just floating above us, we stare at it. Well, it's a full moon tonight that is fucking, weird, there's a planet there right there. I felt like it looks o'clock last night:

miss your call, and I will up like three thirty and I had to get up and I looked out it looked fake news so sometimes times half moon and I was looking out the hotel like a fabric, Gardner

and I'm looking at how beautiful that is. Just like hey, it's okay to say it's made.

This probably is: did you ever see that movie dark city level way fucking movie, Kiefer Sutherland Fucking Great movie? Sometimes

good movie is like a twilight zone. That's a like a twilight zone, it's a classic! I watch that of the again, but it makes me feel some.

Times like reality like like,



That movie was so strange because it was like this weird scripted, real

only these people out they have no you're fine. I am way through the surface, should all lose your family's real? Yes, your

consciousness, Israel! No! No! No! I'm not! I know you know, I don't know, I agree, it's almost saying it's fast. No, no, I great times I'm sure you're moving, I'm saying right. Yeah is virtual. Yes, but you're real. Yes, your real too you've been put it. All of us were put into a simulation to basically testis and that's the big thing I'm trying to get across to people Damn Alex Jones

Let's wrap this mother fucker up this question. Okay, go help.

Copter in its South Africa or wherever I can you imagine, the film seek

searching flat earth doing.



I'm sending a representative. We should know you should be on a shot, go on Santa's representative. Do you have a I'll have like a contest? You really praise him. That's a good move, have a contest.

And then we'll just have a camera man on the whole town, lava cameramen you paid for the cameraman's flight.

Hundreds no coverage of the satellite was Amy could fill sixty four b did not also GPS, so there's this whole

GPS and you can like leave la on a ship

and you go all the way over to Japan and share body and go down

around Indian around Africa Needle and knew you could do it if it's all a flat plane. That's like you're, just not thinking right

You could do go anywhere. You want, if it's flat

anywhere you what people think like you rounded edges certain windows open. So we can the top. Also, as you told me this morning, it was good office. You told me this morning not this morning. Yesterday, no one is more on



You said you said you said basically was no way to prove any of this approve any of what what is all this? What's this we're waiting

space you're saying is you're generalizing.

Matthew questioning, I think it's great, I'm not gonna go to jail or be sued for watching. You said you just said that I said something and I don't even know what you think this whole song. I got Alzheimer's, not here. What do you think this all this shit with like people thinking the earth is flat or people thinking spaces fake? What do you think that's coming from I'll tell you it might be able to get anything.

Oh my god, this year, you've got a spectrum, so you got people that don't even know their human or of life exist. Is this all the sedation, because they've been lied through so much for soul?

Well then, it was true and then

we're here you've got people that just believe whatever they see on CNN and



yeah I'm just trying to look at everything going well. They've lied a lot, but sometimes it's not that long times is incompetence. What's real, and so I don't

that's like way over here or other people.

Like way over here, 'cause they're, trying to

some solace order of the universe, the truth

there's not order in the universe

well trying to bring order. The universe and that's why they staged events, so they can try

to bring order? Within that event,

What event are you talking about? No nor

the woods or gulf of Tonkin or whatever the thing is, or or taking a relevant making a big, but it's not bad to question that

So how do we get convinced to say? Well, you know I ask questions and I

give me shut down as long as I'm legitimately asking questions. There's no judge that I have that right. So that's where we're all going just

what is the system will get rid of free speech right to self defense? The family

in those things and ask you:



what are we about working man? I believe in that you that say that say that again, was it right to bear arms free speech was a third one, family family.

What were the biggest amazing

John? You question. It was a big three say that again,

You know, I think mystery is, I think

what is going on now you get why

get me guys. I don't want to be like my life is not sandy hook up said there tell me what

tell me earlier that you were actually even before all this happened. You were planning your exit strategy. Like you get weary of this,

yeah. It's not like I'm afraid of fight, but I'm forty five.

A long adventurous life, so I'm probably like sixty and

I was already like, I wasn't sure about Trump or whatever has really



he got elected nothing. He was bad, just like all the war's start

and then I was already playing kind of face things out, just because I don't like down on fifty five, a heart attack and the fact they attacked me. So much makes me after battle and fight and never give up and and and so

It's not like they even wore me down before they ever they kept me in the game.

Don't explain it- they kept me in the game attacking me and lying about me.

Because now I well out out now, because when I was worried about now, I dream about stuff.

That was what you were worried about initially yeah, because I realize about four or five:

years ago. It's obsessive that I was already

obsessed you, you were telling me that it fucks with your head, the

certain amount of it after awhile it just fucks with your head yeah, the negativity yeah and I like have dreams.

I like dreams, are like twenty years long, like you do a where I'm

armor like it's it's like five hundred years ago, just like playing,



things eating food and, like put my kids to sleep in, like you know, cutting trees down in

walking around I. I have dreams, rabbits like normal and just being a normal person,

I never I didn't like

I think they have like all these shows. Homeland only shows are on this big demon. I didn't like calculate what I was going to do

and then I was already not ready to give up. I was ready to move on and innovate, and now it's almost like, it's God doing it.

Sounds like no. No, it's not that easy you're

the wall by your enemies to you're, going fight to the death, and then nobody got to say this, but I realize it's God's plan,

I'm not going to be turned loose. I was just going to do a couple tours in this fight and be be turned loose, and so so it's been

It's been fraying realize that this is all big stage and God wants to see some people. Dance

but I tell you the globalist think they're like running me out, but I think they've got me. It's the difference. It's like it's the opposite.



Now. They've turned me into this maniac. Well, there's a

definitely some sort of a struggle going on right now

is, it's seems to be like a universal struggle for figuring out what people are and how we should behave and who gets to decide that

and there's certain universal truths are ignored and there

certain ones that are emphasis overemphasized and there's certain ones that are. You know that

the Goldilocks spot, and we were working it out. I think that's part of what

going on with human beings. But we

have to be really really careful of. Is that by

silencing some people and never given

any path to retribution we create eternal enemies,

this is this is what easily could be happening right now with someone doesn't have ability to express themselves,

because an evil force once conflict and what you say. It's not only know if it's an evil force, but it's archival force.



They're listening to all those around them and there's a hive hive mind sort of thinking to allow

This there's not a lot of debate about

Let's just say this, Joe and and to ten plan. Everybody else you

you didn't give into the pressuring of the threat. It was more than

Maggie like a siren like a bitching woman, not against women.

But I mean not get it. That's why yeah? And so that's why?

Didn't have me on, but then you realize

was just a shamble,

If you just trying to live the life and put out good ideas and talk to people, but folks are going to

If you choose a side and that's what

happening in this quickening- and I don't want you to say that's why right

got a nailed nobody's coming to Ryan Seacrest for, like political advice, he's got mailed nailed

it's a bunch of shows real nice guys got a great smile. He figured it.

But you understand joke in that sweet spot man. I look at you going dumb,



we're talking about anything and everything. Oh my god! No just leaving himself is stagnant. Water,

Oh, it's still nothing's going

on it's all clear,

dead and rotting. What's a live ocean big crashing waves? Yes,

it sure,

she seen beyond. Everybody has but I've I've seen way beyond guys. You want to be in the

like you, want to be in a fight. You want to take all your

not successful Joe. Could you play

one of the system you're successful, because you did organically and real mean

perfect. That mean it's bad. It was real

why your success and then they come in you think, oh

you're, bad, I'm the same way. Oh all, these p

tell me how great I am a play. Ball with them, because I've got

this thing, but they

you because they're soulless

and so all I'm saying is you made the right decision and I just

have me on because I'm not perfect is deciding



no America still America, the world. Still the world wearily

to talk about real things in here, oh things, because they want to shut other voices down, so they can lie about those voices and any I'd. I

yeah that fears exposure. Our fears debate is a failed idea. Well, you know

I have a unique perspective. My perspective is less and less inclined to pursue it in the idea that it's a fight and more to be able to.

Pursue reason and to have

but communicate with each other 'cause? I think part of what the fuck is wrong with all of us today as it

people are so willing to take sides. So will you join teams and so willing to fight about shit that they really don't have to

about you, I want to say this, I'm a sack. This is so powerful. I don't dislike Donald Trump, and

I think, he's done some good things. I'm trying to piece and trying to get child back to America, but I hate Donald Trump

I got behind him is that Hillary was bad and then he became



my identity, he's not a bad guy, but the truth is I hate him or Hillary Clinton

he's, who I am now and whenever he does is who I am right now connected him, I'm with America and freedom and everything else, and I'm not throwing under the bus to get George Soros on my back, though they already after

the reasons I met with them, I'm not against even trump, but I get in a fight

like this that so dumb down,

then no matter what I do. They take my radicalness, my weirdness, to hurt Trump

but then all it does is like radioactively attack me. I don't know how to describe it, but it's like it's like Trump

breaking my legs every day and it's not

I'm not willing to go through the pain except along. He says I don't agree with and

not my identity shanty hooks, not mine. Oh, this is just trump talking from your own personal perspective, and I appreciate that that he's now,

I I don't know how many people actually think said he's your identity, but I think that what we're getting that that's



Morton is that we don't know when they're shooting at me they're going to Trump.

I'm sure, there's a lot. I don't mind the shooting at Joe. It's that I'm not Donald Trump. I understand that

you, but what I'm talking about is just the human race in general. If we could just do one thing be reasonable, just be,

seasonable and understand that emotions cloud judgment and that when people start screaming and yelling at each other and you

one side near the left and this guy takes another side and he's the right and you're going back and forth to default. It's nonsense and you don't ever get anything solved and you never get to understand how that other person thinks and feels, and we're constantly trying to mock people and what you were talking about.

About the bill. Maher thing about him, cracking a joke and I dismissed it is

Joe because it was a joke. Was talking about how the red states wish they were the blue states and all that shit? That's that's exactly the type of thing we're talking about, though, that that that that us versus them



that me verses, like you're generalizing, for entire swaths of the country's. If they're one yeah, I feel bad. Every time I say California is lost. This is a

beautiful steak. A lot of great people

is a lot of people here, a lot of them are fucking lost. That's a fact. You know

like who knows how many, like thirty, something million people died? Million, it's crazy. It's a giant country was the population of California, it's fucking giant. That's too many people to

there's no way. You could say Californians do this, this fucking, California, that are ranchers forty million. Can we fit the whole population of the world in Texas, though so, when you look at

we are overpopulated in some ways with our technology, but let me

make this point now. We end this. I gotta pee. So bad

go pee pee come back, will finish five more minutes. 'cause I want to talk to Eddie talk, some sense



her ego. Tell me about buzz. Aldrin. Tell me about your boy Buzz Aldrin. You know I'll tell you about those off. He told me

where you going back. Ok, it's careful round dot com.

Brown's dot com, Jamie Eddie, how you doing I'm doing good so um? What do you? What do you think about the wide receiver of the browns? I don't think we can turn to talk to brown right, no, no

fortunately, is okay. Is there any conspiracy theory, the use kind of are suspicious. There's got to be at least one yeah. There's that I definitely am. I like this one Ashleigh, nine, eleven, none of them

You think that you know what are you familiar with our seven yeah? I I would say from up almost every story, even out the stuff we talked about before in the past I'd, I don't believe the the official



end quote okay, so when so, you know that power seven was that the third tower that went down here where that right, yeah, I'm I'm, I look more when it when that comes up all of the surrounding information about what it, what wasn't in the buildings, not the not the actual event. I know the event happened,

I'm I'm not so curious about that. Did you see the video of tower seven

free fall, speed. That's got

a little suspicious

right, yeah yeah, I read flag gotta, come up at least right. It's if you're, trying to if you're, really trying to get to the truth. You're like wait a minute, I would say this for the fish. Is that a third building? Fellow

wasn't? It wasn't even hit exactly that's what

all stories with our seven and not only was it not touched by a plane. It went down at freefall, speed and it's caught on video like five different angles. Right

by different no one's saying that it's fake footage that's tower hours,

forty seven story, skyscraper fucking falling at free fall speed.



People are saying it got hit with a direct energy weapon.

Some people are saying that it was brought down like

troll demo in back in Vegas like one of those buildings, you know but Rick

hardness of how it was brought down. You gotta, look at that video footage

wait a minute and why is Youtube, taking down building seven footage yeah.

Here's one thing footage why letters on syndicated radio, like fifty stations in two thousand and one and I'm sitting there? That's actually was one hundred and twenty six is

tell us lost like seventy percent percent, it was an inside job. I don't mean the fireman blow it up. I'm watching Fox NEWS Cnn at my studio and then I go get a pizza, for

four CBS radio back ten

and they go Solomon Brothers Building, seven be

don't even controlled demolition to save other buildings, so I

back on here and

building was being brought down to say



other buildings and for like five

or goes I'm crazy,

CNN and all of them

archive it on the internet, everyone's watching, building, seven

BBC

B. Let me ask you: what do you think happened with Tower seven.

CNN Abc and CBS told me the government blow it up, the

Let me play the clips, they go come on

back, we're blowing it up and the media goes? Oh, you mean the cops blew it up. No, the cops are told, get back on the countdown

an intervention comes like generate. Seventy six, five hundred and forty three explained to me: do you think that they had detonations set up?

already in the building. That's where this goes. Next, Joe

which I used to always like try to follow down what it means. I don't know I've learned to go, hey I've got

five different news when it happened

and before is saying they blew it up. I don't know what happened. Is it possible that it collapse

because of those gigantic diesel fires right and then



forty one thousand two hundred and seventy six on building seven seven had a decent diesel diesel tanks in the basement and they caught fire. They said it was an inferno and they said it

he knows on hold on a second always, but I want to ask you this because I don't know yeah right, but it did. They said that what happened was this is whoever the explained it didn't. When I was gives you two videos

that the fire had burned through the internal structure of the building at such a high temperature that all

All of these floors lacks the pancaked, and then it came, but it never happened before sense. Right, never hasn't happened before a sense. That's here's!

think about Alex Jones eighteen years ago would argue every

point say: I knew what happened. Ok,

the Alex Jones. Two thousand and nineteen is honest. Well, I'm glad you're gonna say



I've seen him saying they blow it up and nobody can describe it. I don't know Joe what happened right. Well, when you look at it the way it falls, it falls exactly like controlled demolition. Exactly so it

from the top down, but if you actually freefall speed right, but if you watch the full video the center of it collapses like there's a full

the where you look at the top of the building in the center of it collapses far before the outside does that's how they take

take out the elevators central thing first, when they do light up when they do they do this with do they have it all set in advance, so they

I knew that nine hundred and eleven was going to come into the answer, my question, yet they don't know and what they do

They take like some clippings from twenty years ago right in

they going here,

CBS News and they don't show it. I mean I've got

CBS. I've got is a that, even though operation Northwoods happen in Gulf of Tonkin was a conspiracy. Is it possible that the

fires in that building were so



unbelievably hot that it fucked up every floor and they really did pancake on top of each other, and then the exterior structure just call

is that possible? Because not an engineer had the engineer say it's not it's not possible at all and here's the problem, Joe

they announced it fell on its own footprint, twenty seven minutes before it did

five channels to be

pc world

baby sheep.

CNN, CNN and CBS Joe key foot.

It was four o'clock. I've been on air since that morning, on

indicated radio. I drove down the local pizza place at four got. My pizza was eating it in the car,

and our CBS radio driving home and they said,

little Caesars been made to save other buildings too,

troll demolition, the Solomon Brothers Building building seven by late. We have these clips now.



But no one archive stuff that so I go in there and I go yeah. They just blow up a building. Everybody started

freaking out, but here's the thing

and they blew it up. How long does it take to set up explosives to the poor

we could pay? It normally takes away

That was the next story.

But then I interviewed

of emergency management for New York

the loose change people got him on and

no was there, they had bombs, they see you know. Unit was based in building seven right,

the CIA, the FBI all

the NSA as well everything he always says. Oh, I don't know he,

I might just kiss and Joes House like he's beyond ourselves with he slid. Oh, it's bullshit man, you know every fucking thing, just fucking say yourself now, once you explain it to everybody,



I'm gonna stay in. There, too, is like you better job, forty fucking stories of fucking government.

Right. So there's forty with a diesel tech

can pre rigged explosives. In case shit, dude didn't believe. I wasn't matter that, even though I heard CBS

say they blow it up, and even though,

go Jones as firefighters blow it up. 'cause the government same thing:

what you made a good point, I upset the

no. I don't mean my grandpa was in the army. If it really did pancake from the from the fire,

what a shit design, yeah

the terrible as I so mad. That argues for the debaters from underwriting laboratory me. Everyone went look at the blueprints and is New York.

I'm not defending what you're saying, because seven

well, it was looked at by lawsuits. They were soon

I wanted to though they were built with like bubble, gum and like Band

it's really not all those buildings already leaning? Oh no big, mob, scam

yeah, I know



They they already had buckling in the window. No mathematicians guess that within like five year

there's one building would collapse. Oh fuck,

So there goes your argument. It's New York. These buildings are built for shit.

And that's when you get older, you go some of our bill for shit right for sure right,

I don't yeah, I mean especially back then when was this idea tobacco I do have more tobacco, but I'm

so I have one little bit more tobacco. Yes for sure, one hundred

You know

Judy Wood. Is

Well, I do know she's she's got Doctor Judy Wood is wrote, a book called. Where did the

hours go part of her story. Her theory is this is just this.

Just some lady scientist, federal Supreme leader. There was this. What she claims

based on the video and the picture



that she has of

the towers collapse that you're speaking? For me, she saying

that there was no rubble. The book, the name of the book is called. Where did the towers go? She said that direct energy

weapon, some kind of direct energy weapons

justified the buildings, turn the buildings to dusk, because there was no rubble. A dude

a book on that crazy. This he's like in Australia, no, no in America using LA he told me they used Tesla technology. I was like what

images. Both say you're wrong. To ask that question. You know what for me it doesn't matter if it was justified or they better Habitat, LAS Vegas style it does it matters. Here's those buildings, in my opinion, is sandy hook

and in the world trade centers I've been accused of covering up. I don't like that. You be what he's been accused

covering things up of being a bullshitter like



I'm, covering up in Orlando Jones, says Donna lot of people think a lot of people think you're is dying, hologram planes, a lot of people think you're a zionist shill. You know that that's the biggest one, that's the biggest one about Alex G.

You know I'll be honest with you biggest the biggest one people always in you know what I always have. Your back always always. I said

you know what, if I didn't know him, I problem probably probably think that shows so I know you, you are honestly

making it a mission in your life to

search for the truth, to hear

about liberty you're for real. You want the best for people you're looking out for the people's best, what they were really so, whether you're right or wrong. It doesn't matter your. You know sometimes you're wrong, but we know he was in your old. So it's hard for me when I'm, like I'm saying, does have your back. It's

hard for me too



you're, like some sign a show like I know. Let's listen when people make up rumors about all kinds of people the day they come up with ideas that they wanna push. They decide to stay, as you know,

accuse someone of doing something really stupid like being a part of something

Here's the best way warmer, I use other back Alex when I take a lot of heat for it, but I got Michelle. They think I'm a zionist now, because she was friends with those people,

conspiracies. When you see conspiracies against you that you know aren't true. Doesn't that make you distrust conspiracies by you?

that's the part. That's the evolution of you between you now and you know. There's a lot of stuff is lies, but then

All that just say everything's is bs. You gotta check it. There's a lot of that going on right, exactly so

try to answer any questions, your question excellent as well, and the 2go together. I



I grew up in Dallas Texas, in the 80s and 90s, when it was like the murder capital of the country. I live in a middle class area, but it was still like, and you know

red necks. I I you know I got fight with with races, Mexicans the racist white people attacking Mexicans, but I I mean I had a big black eyes attacking me, like one three grades in school.

And my black friends would say man so cool you're. Not even though, even though

my cousin is eighteen or if you're like fourteen is attached, you and you know that was all just part of a development people two takes it. It does.

What what color their skin on is or where they came from, there's good black,

people there's bad black people. There's good white people is bad. Why people there's good Mexicans, there's bad mexican, just good Asians or Spanish,

there's good North Koreans, there's bad and Koreans,

stating really simple stuff for everybody knows but I'll go to a restaurant, if they've got good food, I don't care if it's ethiopian or it's mexican or germ.

Is the food's good? The people are nice. I love it like a women like I.



Black women white women. With hispanic woman, I love mall

Ok, the woman's cool I gotta bunch of black women there bitches black women, are cool. What about swedish bitches? The point is, let's just say, I'm super gay

The point is what I'm getting at here, though it's not like swedish school, but I don't know, let's wrap this up now. We need to wrap it up, but I'm going to make this point. I don't know what it is.

How is that? Getting into that? Oh, the racism thing it's not about,

and I would say something so similar, but he's like yeah, you told me: grass is green

models. Luther king, like it doesn't matter what color someone is it matters, what they stand for, what they do?

I go to restaurants that can be uh.

By Koreans or black people or white people whatever. If the food

is good music. I love Jimi Hendrix is black, but the food sucks that I hate it, but it's

because they're white, or because there is organic? Of course, I don't Joe, I don't use any loss and next to a Mexican for three hours, a hundred percent.



You totally love Mexicans. I do too mexican food

Joe we've had a big epic interview. It's been pretty God, damn good people at the end is this is not your record six hour, though no, but it's

damn good we're at like four hours or something something like that. Alright, you think this

I think you guys talked about aliens to fucking- really boost your search. Engine results on Youtube now will be, will be idle emanated from all search engine results, but I really

you'll be penalized for this show. You should say something about that, like

your life talk to me,

Joe Joe Jones on to say no one gotta sandy hook b. Well, I don't

I think anyone's going to say that, but people probably

say some things, but I think also, you know the idea that, like any

we should be able to tell you that you can't



talk anymore ever if you said one thing that people don't like or if you do talk it had

to be only on your side and you have to be trapped out of all of the different platforms for social media slippery.

Slippery slope, you know another training, people, but here's the thing. I do not a hateful person, I know you're, not a hateful person you may have

things that are angry in the past, about certain people or

angry about a certain event in the news, but you're not a hurtful angry person. If there's th,

things that you say that they can say hey. This violates some sort of a pattern of behavior urut

tracking someone you're giving out someone's address that kind of shit. They should be able to take it down

yeah. I agree, it's actual shows. That's not that's not speech is part of Peter I'm not doing that's. What I was going to get to. There should be a clear like set of rules, and you could

look these rules away, a lawyer would look at him and

Is this in violation? Is my client arrested will know your client



have anything illegal on him and we did a search. We found no drugs, we found no illegal weapons so, but we suspected that he was up

I'm getting is talking just in closing to say this. I don't want to make myself

center this at the end of the day, Infowars

from really successful in huge to like Zeitgeist insane,

and if you take any responsibility for any of that, do you have a human I'm a pervert right? Do you think that maybe you made it easy for some of the people that were going to tack and I've been guilty of this myself by providing fuel no yeah, saying stupid, I got a contact, yes, that's what I'm saying is accurate.

They say it. It's global is funded big corporation. This is what I'm saying closing its come out. We're going.

Release this show. The thing is: it's all left wing, that's where it's weird but yeah, it's a problem because you have

one ideology, that's

overwhelmingly in control of tech, and I

with the model lot of things under



social programs in a lot of it on welfare and universal basic income and civil rights and women's rights

agree with a lot of stuff. But it's an ideology.

Any idea, you don't want to hear you have to. I don't agree with it we're wrong, but does that free speech in it there's a lot of his life? You know. I just learned all this two weeks ago, what I got documents

I'll come back if you want, but you just like your right. I've been attacking the left for doing it and they're the instrumental group. That's caring

now he would think, would defend if you're right, wing, fascist who you get to go after freeze patient. Who do you get the left?

the trick of you trick him, and

right wing is tricking, the left wing and shutting down free speech off confirmed. Oh Jesus cry,

have confirmed, confirmed God, damn conundrum, let's Republican Party, not the average tea party people, the Republican Party,

What is blue blood? It thinks it runs the Democrats and it learned what was happening



come back for a whole show if you wanna my show about no seriously

I'll come and get you I'm gonna be another in March, I'm

Maybe at CAP City, comedy club in Aust promise you're coming home come on, come on,

set up for Joe I'm not just saying this. I swear to God, dude I'll, tell you bad stuff about me. I'll. Tell you better about me, I'm telling the truth here. I believe you at the back. It was amazing, but it's pretty good stuff

does could be a stand up. Comedian. You could do you could transition my problem and do standup stand up. Sure

you could crush Joe, I'm gonna keep trying aligning moody with you telling you the true, very good, I'm not trying to like bullshit. Like everybody else, I'm telling you man

The problem is it so real like every time I forgot was gonna, say what was I talking about? Do you be in it?



yeah the transition. What else did what else got plan? We with the other point, were just talking about social media and Youtube and people being able being

the silence, people and push their leftist ideology or any of the other right wing ideology. Republicans were manipulating the Democrats 'cause. I know your secret, you are empathetic real guy as well. I love you and you

kind of like couldn't handle anymore, which I actually want to be like that. So then you kind of doubt

cause aggressive. You look at it. I have looked at all this stuff

and I have seen what their own perspectives and their own plans are

and they go to Congress and they lie about all of it. They're, not liberal than conservative. It's big corporations

coming up with China.

As you said earlier, to unify the propaganda quote: Influence China. No, do they get all the technology? We

Our open society to totally take over

and so that's what I'm trying to get through to you is that is that they're coming after ever

body, like you said earlier, when



First, a daily, you walk in the office. I was here too much for you to go. I want to talk

the thing you said about you know the censorship.

Once they get us to submit were broken,

What you said was that it was a slippery slope that if you give in one percent you out one percent. I still have this other other ninety nine percent, and then you start moving the boundaries they start moving in closer and closer to one hundred percent makes sense people

exist in these these control

cool patterns, it's real

the card, and they keep asking me yeah like

when are you going to give up? Everything is okay as soon as you do like

you're gonna be okay. What does that mean? What is it? What is give up me and you stop talking so people enjoy watching? This was where it gets weird that people enjoy watching you talk and other people, don't why can't the people

don't just not watch you talk what is going on he's promoting truth. He is promoted truth, but I think what they've done is

they found these little pockets of



things read well that too,

but things now they've got organized ventures that, like I don't put to put down up, I make Jack Dorsey this villain.

Like we have pool is true. They had Millie

the of people harassing the stock and it

packing and lying on he's currently attacking children. He's trying to attack

children of their houses, and so it wasn't the

I got to see a guy's face and

what is a shareholder in a company owner? I'm the fittings

see our winner's name is yeah. Let's see,

the other guy. I don't know the the other guy Jack is a the twitter yeah yeah and as an Oliver Darcy yeah, and it's all in.

That is what I'm saying is I'm not even that guy's enemy, I just I understand, like he had millions of people attacking the shareholders,

yes did you hear about? There's a chef that makes pastries she's worked there ten years at Trump's hotel in Florida,

feed found out who she was and doctor and said, she's a cult



fire her like what does that even mean?

Why would anybody harass a pastry chef? That's a very good question. People feel like they're, a war. You know that's what

part of the problem with all the shit? That's why I was saying be reasonable. People feel like they're at war,

the right versus left, instead of just being a bunch of people talking about it. Trying to figure it out at least take on Hillary route shows are, are are Bill Clinton or George R, Donald Trump, which is why

can pastry chef yeah.

You think I'm both be at all type in Buzzfeed.

Here, Trump pastry chef. I don't think you will at all

Let me ask you this, because I've been talking way too much

in closing here at the end of this transmission. We should talk about a lot of things like those I have



when I was a maybe just tell you this is a fun podcasts. It was fun I go with. This is what I wanted people to say. Well, that has nothing to worry about. What I wanted people see is why I like going out Jones like why I enjoy hanging out with you. I wanted people to be able to see it because I have had to defend that because of

this narrative, that joke you could say I disagree with Alex and whatever you don't need to. Let the left this like make you bad. If I was Charlie,

mention. I should be able to come on your show. I want to call my show all right. We don't have to do this, Charlie Manson,

but I would interview that here's the thing I would interview. If the devil a big blue smoke,

would you want to stay a certain distance away from the devil, the devil's very sexually seductive

you know the delapp. What are you going to stand up? Well, you just please go to an open, we're seeing the devil, it's yes, I have hotter. Now



I've? I've divided just open MIKE night, a devil is pure sexual, so that you know the over. You know I'm not shameless Joe. How sexy is it AL? So I would, I would say sexy. I don't think I can get it up in front of a demon, no, not Damon. This is

those the big one, the big daddy. You know

you never know till he's kissing you, I guess,

could be the next SAM Kinison.

No, but it's something like you know the memory,

That concludes creature, will winning this agreement and yelling about the babies, Jesus Christ. He was out of the top yeah. Do it

then you know you can't we. I am a hoax about tennis one hour.

A little kid, and I was having these visions. I was asleep

I hadn't seen Conan the destroyer yet or come on. The barber was the first remember like

demons like laying on its side, looking guy, turns this big big fucking problem tax, yeah and when I was a kid that was was like thing like I would like like in these dreams. These go as university for like



I was like it's a gay dude like sitting there on his side like this,

a few years later I saw cone in to destroyer. I'm like that's the thing from the dream did, so what I'm saying is that a no sorry you seen like the Hobbit remake yeah yeah, where Gandalf

close to the castle in saurons, not made his body. Yet- and he looked looks like daddy, like that fire I've seen exactly,

so you want to talk about. What's that real controllers of the greys are it looks like

have you ever had a significant head injury

you have what happened to what happened to you. You know they're, going to NPR piece coming out next week to type all drives on the guy that never did that. What happened, what happened to your head, hot men, polygraph,

somebody pile drive you what happened? How old were you is about thirteen thirteen,



so many pile drive you and you had to change your personality. I got up and pushing really thrown that drinking out. I was dad while

so was it. It was like the state wrestling champion Middle and he is

cousin or something in the Dallas is like this is like you know, got me down.

I was never started. Five of these people here is that I'm not a victim of racial attacks, I'm not like Jeffrey or Jesse small it, as I thought rednecks and I got my leg broken

by so this guy pile drive you on your head when you're thirteen yeah

What did you do to your personality and then I had to fight his whole family

his family? It was a game. Changer did the champ, but did do you have any significant change from that head injury sometime?

People have energies, specially especially

seems like you know stuff. Just got better. Really



serious like this. We got to get to the root of swimming, that's good timing! No, I mean that's happened to a lot of my friend Dave.

He was just on here and he was

talking about how he got drunk and he fell down and cracked his head. It's crazy, but it cured his depression

got a little excited by this any

given time, somebody's, a regular guy and I would never start a fight. They kicked my ass, like the average one hundred and fifty guy you're, probably my ass, but when, like ah bunch of people are coming after me, it's like,

better, and I was a kid.

I was bash full time about the head into the concrete. With I got. I now hard now

dropped you on your head. What effect did it have on you? Physically? It was by the field house because it's

doesn't attack me and I beat him up, and so the state wrestling Champ was like a scene



it comes and goes oh yeah it's laying around and he got up on time

that was running like he'd won, and I punched him in the neck and brokers. It had a tracheotomy. Almost

as I getting killed me, is like he couldn't. He

training the ground. My heads bleeding all these stitches right here.

He couldn't believe when I got up and said what you died.

He couldn't understand like the energetic equivalents

he could understand being the nail, you don't understand being the hammer,

do you understand that and then they took

jail. They on some tough guy. My some I'm getting killed boys, I'm fight back, and so do I.

What happened your head? After that I mean I I never even got knocked out in that one. They

Why my I in the ground- and we were like everybody- made the joke- the concrete, concrete cracked was like only

the Congress he he pool



right in the concrete. I like split my head way up. This is true story. I remember just getting that was like slow motion around the neck and the and is the

Lise came that was that story. Did you go to the hospital? You know they took me to jail for that. But let me go. They didn't

check your head. Do you tell them? You got piled trying they showed it up. They sewed it up.

In the like.

See if you had a severe concussion or a subdural hematoma now ahead go been. It may

You think that he's a conspiracy theorist because it got dropped on his head. I think

there's something there's something to people that have had head trauma that become brilliant at speaking thing.

That's true, the and dump the black like his name is his name is Corey strange.

The only reason he won was. He was better or powerful. The main is he is like fucking. He had six packs.



Arnold Schwarzenegger Black did he

waited and gloated while blood was going on.

The last was he yeah and there's way more behind him. But you're you broke the concrete with your head, that's big! No! He did and the concrete didn't actually break that it. Maybe it did, but they made the

okay. So either a dinner got knocked out. He still got spiked on no to getting

spike head on the concrete. Let me choking myself with other bottle for fun. I've never been knocked out, okay, so

What kind of guy that draws told Reuters he had the incorrect hearing correct to see you you absolutely as he barely tapped his head. He would've been knocked out. Maybe not he doesn't matter. Thank you. So

sometimes people get knocked out through severe head injuries. Sometimes they don't sometimes their head.

Trip my dad hold on. Sometimes they never

lose consciousness. You can't think they always lose consciousness. Sometimes cracked out. I would



numbers like. I was a robot.

I will see you like messy she's ready.

You know, like you.

No that's true story. That's true story

and when, when you,

dang, there's something about getting dinged with a punch. You see that flash and you realize that you like your central nervous system, is like thirty percent, funk

so like whoa, verb,

very much with you. She just done it. That's what people say she stars yeah, that's what it was a very. Instead of Hollywood stars, 'cause they'd seen the stars like each stars like ahold,

I think I remember like somebody choking me like guys, like some

pulling a knife out, and you see that knife pulling out here like scoop sure at that point

USC everything for only those minutes when everything

clear,

survival motions.

But then you see like submarines, of the spacecraft



it's like when you dial into that. It's

total war. You say

any friends would choke you out. You have like these long dreams, oh yeah. No, that would be out for a couple of Santa Junior High six seventh grade chokes out a couple of times.

Stop

always be like guys like it's incredible. We do this during lunch and we go back

some of the press on their arteries. Like the bad times. We get your habit be like one time. I remember this one time they choke me out also is like a black knight with the sword goes through and like attacks me on this horse and then like

and then I was like in England thousands of years ago, and I had this wife, these kids. It was a whole lifetime like taking care

for them and like growing food and like a kid starve to death died, it was like

just those moments were, like whole lives, dead, kids. Everything is on sale



like you doll and all those ancestors, and it was like my kids and kids starving to death in, like people attacking us,

so. You think, all that information from your ancestors somehow or another encoded somewhere. That makes

if you think about what reincarnation must feel like you know, when people have that feeling that

this feeling that they lived before our whole body.

These are everybody before us right.

It's not it's not quite exactly so people they underestimate ago. I lived before

so they all live before. They would also explain certain fears that people just have as children like children have a fear of animals. Like you see an animal

big teeth, children have never attacked by K, but their ancestors got killed by yeah. They probably

got attacked by some bear somewhere and you know and somehow or another they got,

they survived that when it makes



how animals learn. Things mean. Animals just know things my daughter, but epidemics tape stuff or they can take

can generation chickens, enclosed beauty did a study on the second years

and fly hawk over. They all ran scared. They fly trying,

but here's the sack shape of log makes all the check ins run yeah because they did the it's it's it's programming exactly

exactly it's why? If you have a puppy and you take it for walks,

one is like six weeks old, it will never be around another dog again, it knows exactly what to do knows how to sniff things and piss on trees. Knows that check for other dogs piss and knows what to do. They know

to do. There's a they know what animals to chase. They see a squirrel. They want to go out early. So what I've lined up is with that way. You know

is. It looks like our species is super old. How old

I don't know 'cause, I can't even interpret the stuff I've seen

I mean I saw like you

Tom Cruise Movie were



stupid Tom cruise movie. How dare you, how dare

No, but Jack Reacher Jack, Reacher, two

oblivion.

They got? The giant landers selling up? Oh yeah you're sucking the ocean up as Adult Movie

outside and he doesn't even know he's working for the system, and so

don't tell you is

literally whatever it is, is like a joke like whatever created us, is like super bad ash, but is it possible that there's not a thing that

created us, but that we are just like every other organism and every other system on this planet. With this constantly evolve,

something that doesn't really have a leader and it's trying to get better constantly

Everything- and I agree- I agree with you but

this is this is where the stops?

sixty Joe you're right, but there wasn't a worm learned how to crawl up the ass of a grasshopper to program. Do that that there was some prime essence that was put into things that did that. That's



get free will and where the top of the food chain, or was it thousands and thousands of generations of failures Thous

the generations of bugs that got into

this grass averages was just killed it and then wind

suffocating to death inside of it, even though they were a parasite, they never figure out a way to get it. Finally, wanna figure it out, and finally, one of them, through some sort of weird mutation, figured out a way to interact with the brain of the grasshopper and actually guide it to the lake. Get it to

jump in the water and drowned it's burst from its body, then swim away,

publicist, but I think it's one of the most unlikely, but if you talking about things learning from things, if things learn from things and they keep getting better over thousands of thousands of generations, but these same things keep procreating. Wouldn't it event

we get to some state word figures out how to do something if it is still up

parasite and it gets inside the body. What if it figures out of

just like grow these things off the top my head and connected to the brain, this dumb little mother,



fucker I can get him to drown. You say the one thing you cheated right: yeah, they do make the connection and all

all the sales go up getting by birds, shit down more

animals eat it and that's the thing I think we're dealing with in unfathomable number of creatures that are being born and dying and new ones are being born and dying. I think

puny. Little brains can't really calculate the exact amount of cycles that it takes. Ok. Well, if you're single celled organism right to humans are free speech, then yes, that's this big openings, one hundred percent, so is it the whole modern leftist thing and all the left is eat, toast that we're going to let things be free, well, the

problem is the left. Aceto's is also the idea of inclusiveness and kindness and caring, like the idea is that they're promoting all the kindness. Now I get it better fall once a date, my five year olds, ok, but

I'm saying is

unless you're a right wing person. Now, if you think on the right, then they want to



thank you, then they want to want to demonize you and if they could shut you down in silence you and find some sort of a bullshit excuse to do so and a lot of

is. It seems like some folks lean in that direction, and this is where it get

dangerous, because you can't it's like

if someone says hey if I knew how to fight I'd run in front of pizza, I just fuck everybody up well you'd be dead in a year 'cause. Eventually, people are going to kick your ass and kill you. You can't just beat people up well, yeah, exactly if you can one hundred and one beat somebody, but it's everybody gets up against you. It's that child childish

mentality I'll just knock this person.

Nothing else will happen like that

know. You're setting the whole thing in motion when you silent some

you're setting a whole thing in motion, and this is

that we're all learning this is what we have to come to grips

with. Social media is only been around for

really short amount of time. It's a

been around in this kind of form for

plus years and we're figuring it out, and these people that

that they can just silence people and shut people down with



did having a bad effect on all of us. It's not right. It's right:

Well, I appreciate you should be a path point, blank spaces, good any. What do you think should be done about

denial of the reign of terror, of censorship.

Middle going on. I don't know,

you know. All I know is that it seems that the right is being censored a lot and when you look at the left and how they've been acting, I mean they're acting like psychopaths. Like pick, you know putting signs up for late term abortions and all that shit

they're pushing that. There's people pushing AOC says: don't gets there. It's

like someone who's trying to get fired. You know when you have a job and you want to get fired

talking to a doctor's helper for the floor.

Call CIA squads and he said what do you think Alex



they want to lose? What's the sign up, I don't know, that's. It seems like they're trying to it's so bad. It's

How much of that is influenced by people that are trying to fuck with the whole system

imagine if this is like stage five russian influence just get people to support later, like figure out a way to get people to support super late term abortions figure.

Way to get people to support trans women competing

as women with no yeah like I'm watching newscasts were like some twenty five year old.

There's like eighteen year old girls. He takes all the

The titles like now guys haven't you know it's hilarious, it's is it

it's hilarious. Imagine if your daughter was up for a scholarship and she had to compete against some six foot. Five man

identified as a woman who wanted to play basketball, I feel a if you've committed a crime if you're a felon, you can't chop your dick off.

I mean I like the japanese model. They said hey because I don't care if you're trans or your duty,



I don't literally of libertarian don't act like I'm trying to suppress pricey, but

Japanese said: hey, you don't get the trans destination less. You chop the Johnson and the way those off it's like hey you get, taxpayers will pay

or you get the vagina bill and you sit there and do it leave like

you know. I think, there's a lot of people that are legitimately trance. That's not the problem. The problem is they wanted to compete as women and Martina

average rollover just caught a rash of shit, but she was talking about it. You know

famous tennis star she's talking about that women are breaking all these record

and, right after she said that these kids number one

and two were trans gender that won the girls. High school track meet just

you know at a certain point. I guess you gotta stop doing this. We talking about competition body because they think there and uh.

Exactly, but at the same time, like I watch like bike race

is in running races in soccer and in high

company. It's a dude like he's not there.

These are bigger than me there like these six foot. Four!



huge soldiers of kick my ass, the

Well, that's that's been Luis Man, yeah, there's,

there's some nonsense going on. There's some people

legit and then there's some people that are just legitimately crazy. I, but like with everything in life, is people that

legitimately, trans and there's people that have you ever give a man wants to see himself as a woman, LA genetic shows the kimbles that happens, that's their issue whatever or vice versa, but like I'm gonna,

watch NFL and like we're supposed to, like you, know

women's NFL and it's

all guys- and they say their women is,

I think anyone last year where the guy comes in with tattoos, a big beard and was in the police report that guy had like a

foot, long cock and he goes do a cervix exam. What kind of police reported this the nurse said? Sure,

does she a vagina and

the report? The man had a foot long, Dick so



supposed to mentally ill. Go okay! Well, let me

You call this and decide that you've got all this. I mean it's just like it's mental illness man, it's not I

somebody that

Look there a woman or a man or whatever that's the lie.

Oh. You need to accept this or you hate ever imagine. If all this ridiculous propaganda really was like the very

the highest level russian,

Meme farm property,

and this is why people the could totally

is this most preposterously leftists, like even things like these babies being resuscitated and then killed like that people wouldn't freak out when they heard it. I talk about that kind of shit and management. This is all

but just designed to make everybody go fucking crazy,

yeah cause. You know, I wish you seems

the governor saying it, and-

I'm doing it and there's this one point we're going to transmission. What is the in game

is the end game out. Everything we're told is humanities. Bad Hooman is wrecking things, but the very invite

no scrubs



for doing? This are all like weird transhumanist antihuman, I'm all transhumanists. If I really get life extension, but

it's all. I owe you die your uploaded, a machine, I'm just saying anything. You see the big corporate media, promoting they don't know what they're doing I've been around them. I have to

talk to him, they don't know, I don't think I know I don't

Joe knows, I don't think Eddie knows, but I think in the spectrum of like

one hundred were in the 95th percentile of really being woke and we care about. Look. I don't like saying well

I'm not never get like three four years. Remember that black one was wrapped around the capital that military drill going and she

common random. They shot her oh yeah and those who,

likewise matter like four years ago, and I had like this outpouring of blacklisters and I'm not just things about money but like a million dollars came in like a week and it was all black people saying



I thought you were against black people, but when you sought cared about that woman being shot by the police at a checkpoint DC, we knew you were good

no one knew she was told a letter I did was

that thinking is in a black woman, is it uh

right woman is, it is

any woman I was taking their report. She went through

point got scared and

the police shot her

the police either on

yeah. There's cops, shooting

woman running away. It's like

would be a better way. You can't catch her bro. No! I agree.

That cop was bad. I think you got it that's what I'm saying is that era, but I'm not some goody. Two or she doing it's running away

just had a military drill for fat river? Was that a military drill? In most?

was the story Jamie. Can you find it? The woman gets shot a shot, but for the White House



someone people how many people get shot in this country every year, because someone just can't handle pressure right in front of the White House about forty trigger figure does know.

To do just makes the wrong decision shoot someone else. We don't blame God, because you use a car yeah, but but

It is true that

have a more suicides, but the rest of half is like people can handle it and uh that was like for five years ago. Here it is

their Capitol Hill, United

it's Miriam Carey, a dental hygienist from Stamford Connecticut attempted to drive through the White House Security Checkpoint in,

Black Infiniti G37 Coupe,

are you a secret service officer, but that's a lie: did they had the main roads and not trying to like anti cock black lives matter? It's not treated. They had all the road shut down

but she was trying to drive through a security checkpoint that could be still possible, that they had all the roads shut

and how many, how much she? What to one of was army right and she went to another and his army, and then they just shot her



and I'm not against the cops

daughter and she had her daughter in the car huh. That's a horrible story. I want to know that, but, but my point was, I don't judge things by money, black people, because that was really a big store at the time

when I came out because I seen the footage I was watching, live him taking

videos of black lady. I said it's a black lady and

what the hell this woman was like they

like oh, my god, he cares about black people, yeah man, I

about whatever the color they are

we propose that moment. They like all just bought product, and it was like this out-

boring letters and flowers thought you stood up for a black woman, I'm like dude, half of the black people incepted in this country are aborted, show.

Those planned parenthood groups out of real number yeah, like sixty percent some cities. They



hired. It was all set up. Margaret Sanger said we're targeting black people,

and you know what the other day I see big population as he dumb white people done black people. All these people I get like

too many people in some areas there are, I can get a little bit. The point is: is that

that you care about him when you're the KKK Democrats and you've got

british singer shut up

you're doing all this and I walk out of a mall. I won't have him all to years ago in Houston for the same black user, like group that was yelling at yelling it at the Covington Catholic Head, saying you're all nazis when they attacked them are the same one that cover their like black people. Black people are God

and white people are the and we're gonna kill the white people, and so I'm sitting there walking out of this mall right Trump got elected.

Houston. I remember 'cause. I was over my wife. She went like a burberry coat or something out visiting family



these black guys go we're going to kill you. I didn't hate him because they were black guys. They were literally nazis and I remember sitting there in that parking lot walking across, and I said well, if you're such big men

right now and it wasn't my wife. I challenge you see now when I get to kill you or just getting stuff saying

I cook a whore, we gonna kill your ass. I want to end this show on a positive note. I'm not against black people. Do I know you know no one saying that black people are like that.

One percent is not even 110Th

one percent. The point is, is that I've literally go to black history like



yes, I turned around. I wrote a story about a my website way way back in the day to tell her to hang out with them or not. George Washington was a black band. They had all this crazy interpretation of the Bible. One guy would read the other guy would like repeatedly towards Washington. They were saying exactly the dress up like superheroes. It's very unusual organization. Well, yeah this everybody was glad. I was a body double no! No! I know you were. I know you weren't there with the heat you know his take on. I mean I don't think it's a unified front. I don't think all black is relates across the.

We have the exact same ideas, I think,

we gotta end this. It's almost

I've o'clock still five hours. Yes, five! Don't don't hit anybody, let's be friends!

Fifty thanks coming in men and keeping this thing light now the only place to find hisinfowars dot com and newswars dot com. They blocked everywhere else it is diva.



But when you haven't, you have an instagram page, so you do have an example

unplug it a little bit. I know I had to hey there taking everybody free speech. We got

whether I agree with the white supremacist black suburbans. I don't whether I agree with the Scientologists believe the Muslims. The point is, we should agree with free speech and say no to this and not have some sell out to China, where

just to go to China. He got away all your rights here here out,

translate. This gentleman will see you guys soon probably brought tomorrow

Definitelywronginfowars DOT, that cell visit that site

and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to the so right. You can get twenty

off the so right so

gas release device? I guess you would call device the device have to move whatever it is, is fucking awesome. It release,

is hard to reach muscles easily and not just for the so as muscle you can use it on a variety of different muscles. I use it for my shoulders. My back



it's already twenty percent off on so right, so PSO

dash r, I t dot com and

Amazon in the USA. So, with this coupon use the promo code,

Rogan all one word: you get an additional twenty percent off

a super, effective and very convenient device.

You also to liquid ivy, go to liquid I've.

He and use my promo code Rogan and they're gonna hook you up with twenty percent off

anything you order on liquid ivy's website, that's liquid iv,

com and use the promo code. Rogan! Don't wait, get hydrated today,

a and last but not least, we are brought to you by D d, p yoga, even though he doesn't want to call it

DDP yoga, what's called DDP, why

It's awesome whatever? It is it's yoga with an extra twist that I think it makes it more difficult and it's probably even more effective. You can go to DDP yoga



com, Slash Rogan, and you will see a video of an incredible transformation from this disabled veteran

Arthur Borman, who had been sent home one hundred percent disabled by the end

video from all the DDP yoga that he did. This guy was running and doing cancer

hands. I mean it's really really impressive: go to dd

E Y yoga dot com, Slash Rogan and they're gonna hook you up with twenty percent off all the D. Why workouts, whether you invest in the best bang for your buck,

your seven day, free trial or the D. Why yoga D

yoga now app the DDP

yoga now app, it's all one word



or your old school and you want the dvds in your hand. I'll still give you three months on the app to try as well, and that's it play some gentleman. That's the podcast! I hope you enjoyed it. Yeah crazy right, see you soon! Bye.

Hey everybody March. Thirty want to be at the coffee at at the MGM with young Hoon. Huge clue should be a great time, then

April twentieth, I am

the Arlene Schnitzel Concert Hall, which is in what the fuck is, that.

Portland Oregon Jesus Christ. We had a crazy shall folks will tell you about.

Crazy shell.

And tonight I'm advice.

House in Pasadena. If you get this, it means probably by the time you get this you might have to like run right over there, but I'm at the ice house tonight with Bill Burr.

Bert Crusher and Ian Edwards. Oh shit, what a goddamn line up sold out, though so,

fact, that's it. I got a bunch of stuff coming up. I'll did Buffalo tickets are gonna, go on sale now on the eighth, so seven days from today, not today, but the eighth

ok, all right

 

Eighty. This episode podcast is brought to buy Jack threats, Ojo Rogan, DOT, net Ford, slashed tour. That's how you the dates: Jack, threads Jack straw, that jack threads. Why Jamie? Let us look lovely Bonanno January. Their pants shit jet with this with Jack threads

They have all their cool clothes, they have a big name, clothing brands and they have jack threads in hell.

Line and you get to try them? On

and you make sure that you're a hundred percent in love of the items you ordered before spending any money at all, crazy,

of seven days to decide. If your

New items are working for you. You try him on.

Second opinion. What do you think and then

You decide whether or not you want to keep it or pay for it. It's not a fit. You don't to worry Jack gives you everything. You need ship things back, including packing tape and

 

a pre paid shipping label all completely free canker wrong. How do without Jimmy? You doubt right, you can't you can't go to

afterwards dot com enter the code. Word Rogan. When you saw me

you try out, for twenty percent of anything, you keep hats, Jack threads dot com code, Rogan to save twenty percent on anything, you keep

never by before you try again. The lot of companies have some really goofy tag lines you supposed to read, but that's a good one. Never by before you try again is to the point: it's exactly what they offer.

 

I approve, I also approve of nature box. Nature backs, has some goddamn yummy snacks folks hour. I have told you about these before never hurt me talk about Shariah cash use, their naughty, treat their so good. Hell opinion caches too, who also good

guilt. Free, don't worry about in cash use, they have all sorts, delicious snacks lots of different options

including no sugar, low sugar gluten, free and nature by

sends you these things in a box right to your door.

Whose snacks want the over a hundred snacks to choose from and are constantly adding,

delicious new snacks. You know what I like to do Jamie. I don't know if I told you this, I take big apple bit, get big

big island pineapple from pineapple from Hawaii. Why?

ride and then I'd take cash. I put it in

 

the pineapple like a little Fucking Shariah cash. You taco

thus the sour bitter, like cotton, mixed

with the swedish pineapple and right now,

you can save even more because Nature Box is offering the fans of this show fifty percent of your own site. You wanna, be a fan like you might hate me and behave listening ever hate listing it still save money, go to nature box, dot, com, Ford, Slash Rogan for fifty percent off your first order. That's nature box, dot com,

forward slash. Rogan were also brought to each and every episode by on dot com on it as it,

total human, optimization company and war

trying to do is put together a war

one stop shop for shit. That gets your life in gear.

Whether it saw strengthen conditioning equipment, people listens, pie

 

cast know that I'm a big fan of kettlebells, I'm a big fan of things that promote what I called functional: strength,

what things I'm been doing lately folks and credible

as for shoulders that I heard about on a podcast, I do not remember

which podcast I will give you give credit when I do I'll come back to it, but it was bottoms up. Kettlebells presses,

so you take their cattle balanced and oppressing it worthy on the heavy part of the cattle

well, is below you arrest in your holding onto the handle? Instead of that, you flip it so that your balancing it and it's an

printable stabilizing exercise for your shoulder. Oh my god. It's amazing!

of it. My talk too much go to the honor to catch

the audit academies, an awesome link on the website

sue to a section, the site, that's filled with hundreds of articles,

on exercise on

nutrition, nutritional absorption of differently foods and different

 

vitamins supplements motivational videos. All sorts of poor articles on different kind

of working out the benefits of them and foods and shit like that.

And I also a physical on an academy, an amazing Jim in Austin Texas, which, with all of our

export state of the art equipment and tenth planet jujitsu.

It's a really fantastic place to work out a has an awesome vibe to assist, get a real, healthy fun like active,

young vibe to it in a lot older folks there to it just a bad ass Jim

Our com used the code word Rogan and you'll save ten percent,

of any and all supplements this episode,

episode, nine one one and I worked very

hard to make sure that episode, nine one one aligned perfectly with the arrival of Alex Jones and, of course, if our Jones Gonna be on a podcast there's no way. I could not have

 

one of my favorite people on the planet, earth more. My best friends and a fucking bitch

a fine conspiracy, not Eddie. Bravo with our Jones.

Starts off fairly, saying I'll. Let you figured out a way out.

Good God. Damn time, though, and I hope you get a different feeling of outs Jones from his pocket- so that's

ladies and gentlemen, without any further do eighty Bravo and Alex Jones Logan Exe

Ryan's block the stars have aligned. The prophecy has come true Alex Jones.

Eddie! Bravo together on episode, nine one wonders episode. Nine one wanted to black. No I'm not! I had a fucking work hard. All week did grind out podcast,

to make sure that I hit episode nine eleven we booked it. I knew I go. Ok,

 

there's a certain number of park, as I have to do to get this. The nine eleven today,

and I worked it out and we did it. Let me just say: I'm very envious. Cuz, I'm a

to the under bright lights, and I've talked about going back to when I was just on radio that darkness. We can really think this is a wonderful studio.

I'm gonna do a studio, my next one with a fire pit, I'm gonna have,

Mercedes and outside I've talked

but it's like primitive it triggers in its comforting feels good and it's kind of cool lighting,

So that's in the next studio we build them and build a fire. Put me, get some law,

some actual real fire, you can only

do that like certain times a year and allay, though like when they went.

Fire season. They would let you do that shit

we will use have like a little balcony, you're like a little outside courtyard, what you're far pittance.

Gotta given, I want a real fire pit and you know like I feel like it,

I have a fire eatable sharing bachelor, yet each have actual law should maleficent alive part of the year, and I will too and then we'll just have to be more involved in the jungle and create a whole, renders

 

here's what we're Talkin, dialed rubbish, Latvia, helicopter, secretly Bessie and take happily where I think that

you're could fix a lot, we can fix a lot with that. I'm sure

You, like a decorated, corresponded for the news now fucks going on. What do you mean

you mean you earlier, oh you're, out, like all official Whitehouse Guy, now right, Don T like you're, actually

the news guy

hundred sent legit will verify the setting of strangers bureau and stop, but that's just part of it, but like you're nude in deep with the Trump administration, while I've

tromp on and I talked to him some, but I mean really he's your buddy really. Really it's just that we're covering the resurgence of America. What made the country great, lower taxes, empowering the people bring people together

the opposite of what image said. What's happening is made

media is literally almost dead, its collapse.

I mean look at you. I remember

dinner with you like six seven years ago. Your idea, we got a million dollars a week now

 

ninety million or whatever it is our minds, and twenty million on Youtube and for info

it's somewhere numbers. It's good

its forty million. We without any is eighty five million people. Listen on radio Attune individuals in one way

that was election weak, but an almost forty million. It's just cause.

How can they compete with that? There still delusional there

We see in and shows a million viewers Fox thinks it's the big swinging deck. It's got three,

million- it's all, I'm sorry, p

translating and broadcasting to geriatric comes in

She foxes, CNN and nursing homes. You don't you see that within ten years old, ten years at the college and beyond your of experience and its volume,

and it's always other folks. It's amazing yards.

We're time as an end. It seems like those shows where you have to tuna from eight to nine and you'll have to sit through the commercials, that's kind of

gone away because of dvr has now people just have to wait a few minutes. He could dvr through all the commercials, or you record things after that.

Out of every you like fifteen years ago, saying the inner killed television

 

announced that you have you watched, gonna, kill it, because how can they compete with what you can

on the internet. You know a guy get screwed by a horse or whatever it is that you can be with all these crazy does China they got Jack by the tiger today. I did say that unless we re actually use yes, we're gonna, be, let me not pay admission, it just go through here. Will they even shot at the tiger, so the scattered the tigers? They shouted the tigers to get em off this dude and then, even after the

Oh, it's was shot off. This tigers, like not fuck, datum, go back

and any ran after they shot item and finally killed a dude, and it was all everybody's got their phone up.

Or a film in areas as the greatest augurs pelenore known jumped in he jumped anywhere to get killed.

Really for mass yeah you what now this? That was another guy who went in with the line tredick averting the Christianity, Turkey, the dagger

whenever the Bible he's trying to convert.

I'm lying, just fight him

 

I was crazy about that, though, is trying to convert a. Maybe he was just like praying. The motherfuking line will need now he went in on his own. He was talking to them in the name of Jesus is like talking to it. You never seen it Jamie, pull it up.

You haven't only problems getting serious. He got

in their unease is talking to the lines this mother Fucker just jump the fence and decided he was gonna

Vert lines of Christianity and lions,

apparently like way cooler than tiger what is going on here, that the tigers see people and they just fucked him up and meet the line like barely fuck, that guy up just

That's because they're they're more tribal.

Or more like dogs pack, animal there's only cat to Japan,

or a group, so they're not yet as agro

exactly a tiger seizure, Euro matured, where I'm going to kill you tigers are totally different. Beast like Tiger sometime

like adopt an orderly animal like

 

a dog or something might be looking on it being nice to like all elements aimed at the other word stuff lines. They remember the only way

see this before with those animal

attack videos, remember those animals. We started the same. Why there was a start off with the dog tag. A dog

making a male man and iguanas out attacked you'd leg, and then its

We ends up with drunk Mexicans

our rodeo on a wild, blue with a rope

Those boys are smart is how they drag on these drunk Mexicans and they drag their heads along the rails and just rush these deeds in between the railing, like some serious,

brain trauma, yeah vicious brain drawn. They need one worth it with just a hundred per cent of that

because I was the most exciting shit now Jones, how the fuck is tv

 

compete with that. You don't want to complete our kind of wrong. Noakes Netflix is TV and its also the internet. It's like both things

you're in its the power of Hollywood debates, disperse though he had well, they mean look it's better if it gets

ability to get your work out, gets to more people, it's better, it's better. If anybody

do you like the other work irritation in these new Youtube stars are going to have to do, is get

you stand in front of a camera. Zero production value, their know how I mean to do that if you get a camera, you gotta connection eleven you to show people find your interesting all of a sudden,

got millions and millions of subscribe banning any was bringing up

fact for your audience up front,

of Emma and says on this big rightwing guy, but you guys know

I was really against George W Bush, where you were arrested early on in the Bush administration. I remember one when we first became friends in

Eighteen, ninety nine. We were

running around the White House. Are the the state Capitol long extras with wooden with George Bush?

 

you're in senior masks on, and you were always again sure the Bush. That's why I supported trot is the entire power structure, the media in the Vatican

the communist parties are shot, Arabians all put money in and said: stop him stop him and the lives of the Russians were giving money was no proof

the issue, is he simply trying to actually be president and not have special

interested in their running him and that's why the whole power structure is against from so any was ass. Overrun went, live well House,

you're this outside yeah against establishment, but now you're for it, no trumps, trying to create a beach head, just to explain it, to try to take the country back and actually devolve power back to the states about the people doesn't mean he's per

but notice the stock market went up a trillion tuna billion dollars. You just know last

month or so, because a lot of institutional investors and I was understand with trot you trying to create real

prosperity, not about yourself

Jerry and to pitch drop to people.

The issue is that there were major intelligence agencies and and and patriots in the government who are sick of it.

Having a more sick of of

 

of Hilary and Obama backing jihadist groups of eggs.

Their role in those groups shop right now they really

standing up against them and this is

historic moment and end so there's been a counter coup through the electoral process,

in our country and that's what Wikileaks was that wasn't the russian

That was U S. Intelligence agencies. I said two months ago,

but actually winner in New York, Mabateans husband, the former congressman,

that was workin for Hilary. I said that he's under investigation for child. Ok.

Now. It came out yesterday that there looking at adopting patrol born, I had that from it.

Why do I came yesterday? Yes, while why would it what did he do? He had something

computer well now that they will tell us, but I was told that tied into that whole pizza gate thing

once again: the media misrepresented what we said and did it came out and all those wikileaks,

These weird coach, ok, like day there was a bunch of weird code,

 

about pizza and about a piece of peat. President Obama watched sixty five thousand dollars and hot dogs delivered,

they're like are these really got hot dogs items? One is good last our leaders, succulent dogs and cats

about kids. Aren't you have to be what isn't had about its male prostitutes and me that's what the code mates really yeah? Ok, yes, how

male process it to keep two fuckin Marcia workers of bad things happen. Every doubt federal child porn

It is possible for Anthony Wiener, but I'm on record months ago, I'm on record months ago saying that that's that

because I had those sources and sell the government good element,

the government, no, what

go, and I saw the media, the metal misrepresented and said: oh look at fortune their time, I think I'll pizza gates

pizza place in DC and the media looks at it says: oh Alex Jobs is claiming model

as those having was pizza place. I'm like what is this, so they divert some probably innocent pizza place

 

extract of all the emails that New York police have and the FBI have that just this monstrous reported pedophile network, so that its credit that they will create a fake story hope

We jump on it too then divert over that story and then once we're on that it devotes everybody offer manfully winner words.

Which they report, which leaves reportedly polar larger network, so their plane,

far ahead to their their literally attacking a pizza place with fake stories just so that people can focus on that and take attention of Anthony Wiener. Yes, because I was connected to that story between acted too pedestrian stuff in disaster in New York and all the other. Crazy steps are less anglers because we're making a lot of like long sentences hearing a lot along statements chairs little it. But let's, let's fair alot of people that we go with a fuck is pizza gate.

There was this Ben Swan Guy. Who did this recent piece about it in a lot of people got very angry. Did you see the peace? Yes he's a piece it, he did

It seemed to me to be pretty measured and he was making some

 

actions. To between that look, let's that symbol for child pedophilia, yes and or just pedophilia, rent and dumb the logos, the logo for the pizza place. He also

made? Did he make the Hasta connection with Podesta while it has stirred

firm, chow, molester and and and best bodies were pedestrian in former speaker of the house, and then you expand on the night, but let's puts too Stuart step at a time is really kind of important stuff. So that's all

send true right. So it's true that has

it's in jail is true. That has to do is

known pedophile, that a judge called cereal pedophile right. Yes, true, his honor percent, its true the pedestrians friends with faster. That's a hundred percent right, yes and then all the other stuff

now becomes odd. Doesn't it become odd in? But if you say it's odd, if you look at it, this bends, one guy with it's, what I thought was he was just kind of expressing what is weird about this case and

when he did it, he got so much shit over our kind of shocked. Us caution,

 

people calling him a moron in Berlin, and I got the same thing, but but that's what I'm saying they build a strong man, but imagine tat

of emails come out with them? Talking about we'll? Have the kids ready

six, seven and eight in the hot tub at this time, and

see anything like that. Gets you it's really where where did say that it will lose emails, there's reckon thousands of, but it said, get

kids in the hot tub. Yes, I never saw that Greek

You see if you can find a dream that seems like US

holding so bazaars, we're gonna have the kids delivered for entertainment, they'll be in the hot tub. Now these are great kids, but kids can be kids. We know it's fucked up about. It is how few

people really mention that connection to hast her. I was thought that would be a huge huge costs,

no joke. I love the fact that admiration, your true that, with your very astute, I just bring up this whole big topic of how they twist things. You go right to the key points. That ok

data being Barney, Frank who got caught, run

 

a under age. Male prostitute rang

in the nineties. Out of his three story

Town House he had thought it was just a male prostitutes somewhere. I re summertime. Urge

but listen was. I was with them all up. The aged nineteen plus

and whatever german, but then what happened is he goes on

the ban on the house floor and says, if you

teddy investigators. I'm almond expose, have you that are involved in this. In this room and investing

she got shut down the reason this is important as

shadow government. You need something so bad that everybody

involved in it. Ever ever comes out will be destroyed so that binds them all

secrecy, so that's where child

we're not goofy comes in, that's where pedophilia comes and that's where you get so many of the elite being into it. But just as you shit, you have the republican establishment trying to get hammered out of nowhere.

Rustling coach to Rhine for office, then reportedly he's the

your clear just like Penn State and just

they have sent a dusky Sandusky

 

the under age. You know here they were quote mentoring, getting farmed out to supposedly big down

what's. This is where we were talking about two very specific cases where two very different cases, but it's crazy, is they're both real, both real one hundred

and send dusky who was a very respected man. The community did alive

The charity work with young disenfranchised children and was much

asking them at the same time. And what

super respected in the community and he was the right hand, man to Joe Pedophilia, so that there

right. Now there s a Franklin cover a match, then that's that's up in other. What does it see? Jamie says we plan to hear

in other words, a sea Jamie, since we plan to heat the pool, also possibly body

will be over service to transport, Ruby, Emerson and Maeve Luzzatto, eleven nine and almost seven so you'll have some

further entertainment and they will be in there.

Poor for sure. Why enough fuck? That's only

 

and I'm gonna have a real confirmed, email Jesus

selection. Here's the problem, so I have

Why PD telling me before they elect

like a month before? Yes, we're investigating winner child porn photos. Gilaks employees do not just have not just have kids out on the internet that but kids he's communicate.

Where's and their parents are basing letting them communicate with him. I'm told this by Nypd detectors,

I mean the secret service gave me. Information about glory was collapsing overtime member. We reported that and got caught on tape

So we shall all this stuff goes on and on

and on

So I'm not saying half the people or or not

percent of em. You know

Where are guilty or innocent Malta's all I know is we start

covering it start asking questions. They then

divert off.

To somebody on a forum pointing out there

some email about a meeting at some pizza place.

In DC, we're top democratic, go. They then turn all

 

and I'm blaming some pizza place. I'm sending shooters and issued people at a pizza place make up all

it's crazy, ass crap! Whenever

would set any of that. And then you go back to me two months ago, three months ago I said the police have told me there investigating winner for pedophilia,

all born when it was

what is now known as examiners in the got this robot lace Sloan before we get it?

I got go back to that. There is a quote up there, that that Jamie pull that I wanted to read the one of the lower bottom about this. Now this

the emails? May you were talking about, and these are a hundred percent confirmed emails, go back that one that

on the bottom,

girl, doubting and unobserved. Many of these people are guilty get. What is that it highlights the rebate hold on a second here, so sick

grown ups with two toddlers into infant spread throughout the house and sure enough one of the top

was rubbing my nose at five, forty five, what the fuck does that mean the FBI?

 

I got back to retrieve the children they throw in the towel and what I don't know man says I gotta know what the fuck, those emails mean: buddy,

Look! Let's just now! Everybody wants immediately shoe this always disgusting, but they have met eleven impossible. Why are we talking about two very specific proven cases? Hasta proven Sandusky proven real huge elite

powerful people that were also active pedophiles right. Yes, so that's a fact:

you know each other and are bodies, and then you ve got protesters brother

whose bag in Washington, in an article into

thousand seven and the large imposed on maternal evenings

headline, which was something like radical art or something and its

now get out of the neighborhood kids in

house and then their showing it. Throwing in your face.

 

It's it's issues crazy, but that's not even if I get into, but there were, but there is something to that because some of his art work with super disturbing that he had in his house like low it turns out. You have all noteth pink butts

there were in their underwear and it looks like they had been paddled Eurostat with their butts, faceless issues very budget more about this than I do see, and that's all I do is cover these real takes only if the Nunez within Israel, the government got pissed off about this, the pet of always about so big that they intelligence agencies.

The legal all this info and they knew

This plan is still the election. She did steal five states according to the experts and Privily. How did she do that would any of its without listening to break into six day? Let's not go on these strong line ran with a bunch of different statements that are to be addressed shirt. So, let's just from right there you gotta get to that. I caught it. She steel, five states can kind of gloss over that.

Though she tried to how did she trying to steal sixteen. She did still five states. Well, beverage is a big liberal, big, democratically HBO documentary out democracy raise a leading experts.

 

She was actually a month for the election. Through whistleblowers got the actual code.

That had been loaded on machines all across the country, chevrons studio to steal the elections

hacking, democracy and I saw that they did engineer those voting machines that you could have a third party input and change it and non live on the show, and that was a decade ago,

Bush. This is new. Ok, just wanna she's, the top election fraud expert.

She comes on my show the stories on events.

Dot com

she says we ve got evidence and then I had they hacking

John and I had the industry whistle blowers on, and I have to tell you

Officials on at every level. We have a fraud proven that democratic connected groups

Eddie loading Code on a machines all over the country, but it's different companies, but about things eighteen percent machines, the country to be able to remotely break in and and

flip votes show because they were aware of that, a bunch of states were waiting and watching and homeland security broke in, live in the six states and kept trying to flip the reserve

 

they even screenshots and videos of them in the computers in their clicking undoing

well there's major investigations going on. You hear the news when trot

crazy. He claims illegals voted to make it about illegals. That was one statement in a larger election fraud. Deal of actual computers show. So trumpet

about all this, so she comes on. It says there planning as front there. She comes

after the election. She says. Yes, it's clear: here's where

things, clothes, here's where all this happened, where a hundred percent want for Hilary or right after it closed all the votes

then came and we're on a per raillery. They didn't even care, but the

and so I was so big for Trump. They couldn't steal it. She success we saw

five stage she tried to break it

six others or her controllers did and got blocked that these

mommy for tromp was so huge with the real

and we can break now later that they still won't I

to steal it, and now patriots inside you S, intelligence agencies,

are preparing to roll up the pedophile networks nationwide. So you see arrests in Pennsylvania,

 

arrest and allay. I haven't seen these arrests who's gonna write just now. Breaking and judge its big

Patricia wiser on seventy four rest: twenty eight sexually exploited children rescue during statewide human traffic operation, the gettin lily, shall take over right, holy shit, look at the numbers, their foreign and seventy four people arrive.

Stupid, but there are only rolling up the wren fields that get the people for the psychic vampires.

Let us now insane is it that this is still happening right, so all the people that thought that this idea, that you know

women, whether they try to make a ridiculous? By calling a pizza gate connecting connected to a pizza place, everybody they thought that was ridiculous. It is not ridiculous that there could put

actually be some sort of pedophile ring and she

They tricks and reducing other Turkish. They go pick. Some pizza plays problem

Their people go on

economists also message board sea and in New York Times washing

the same day, come out and say they all that

 

you're discredited from New York in California in Hawaii, because there's this innocent pizza place over here,

some of the democratic go to and they're all saying, that's where the pedophiles or it ok. So then the internet, all those in looks at that and start

trying to prove this programme assume that all there must be something going on there. So then that turns,

that all into the big quagmire as a smokescreen from all the admitted stuff. That's happening because it yet I was told by

Nypd high level sources that that they ve gotten

stuff on Weir's computer that just got scooped up

during the whole hacking store

in the whole story about Hilary, only unsecured servers and that that was being blocked by Obama.

And that is suited to thank God and they would go back after wiener then

talk about former section chief from a CIA that indeed this was not

creation of a running against and restart leaking all this and so on.

 

You're beginning to see is the beginning of all the pet of failure coming out as they roll up the procures that grandeur, kids out back yards or the go out as social workers and get the kids or whatever their rolling, all those up right now to get the rent fields. Redfield brings the people to Dracula. Could at Seattle

commissioner. I know you are so they're going to now role it up into the higher level groups right now,

here's what's going on with a lot of stuff. If we are to have any real, careful and hey describe these things and high talk about these things, because people look

for any little tiny thing to discredit it and one of the reasons why they look and doing for personal reasons, because

It seems you you'd. No one wants to be ridiculous. No one wants to be a fool

No one wants to be someone who's talking about conspiracies that aren't real, so people are very hesitant to talk about something, that's unproven, but hers-

July us just like cry. Fifteen years ago it was a conspiracy theory that that the Catholic Church

they pedophilia. Why are we not thirty thirty percent we're doing it? We now know the old

 

hope had to step down was blackmailed within four

but other high level praised by the new gather, came in

Ministers. Heavy stuff is another of the catholic church. Stuff is absolutely horrible and proven over and over again

and again when I was a kid. It was rumour who was just

were whispered and we hear about it and now it's

wondered how they're getting away with it did so on the open. How come there is more. There are shy, kick vampire stealing the energy from a kids. What the most common

thing they do like I get our own in jail, most common thing they do. Is they find very troubled? Kids that don't talk about people with foster care,

kids with no parents, kids,

from really troubled background relief. But you it's all of you who are abusing Sandusky, ran a abused, children's geometer and growth and then would take the kids out

Sometimes overnight it rich people's houses to make him feel better, yeah yeah, that's it

 

to believe that these that the assistant coach and then all these powerful people, but when he finally got caught he was raping.

Old you, the showers at noon.

On a Saturday at the field, house

and someone who work there found it watch did happen. It walked in on literally in that's what

Would it all fell apart? Engine always emphasise guys, get more more arrogant. It's all I'm telling you it's, I'm not saying anybody's guilty of these thousands of emails. You go Rita,

It's like the last war

saw she brought wasn't very good, oh well, these are good

call you're gonna to I love walnuts, and then you go region

Fbi break down what that's code, for which called for a moment. The digits means people, brown, skin, Jews, cursed, poor,

Well, you don't. Gunderson was talking about this for years at the edge

former rediscovered about shouted in LOS Angeles. He wanted. He was there,

the la sector. So people are gonna hear this. They gather all bunch of pizza, gate truths. Skies are bunch repeatedly truths. There's theirs in

 

Inclination to automatically dismiss thing. Let me be clear. Let me be clear. I am on the ear covering fifty topics.

Where are? These emails are coming out? I get

charges of one of my sources by people in the

my pity, I get Shit Doc,

let's follows their licence law enforcement. I talk to these people

Then I say: yeah, oh, it's horrible, it's much pedophilia! Yet

It's about child porn. It's all gonna come out its tied all these different

and I'm just like. Ok

I go on air and I say: listen. I got this from Real Nypd Y and other sources and then Eric Prince of black water.

We still remain the biggest ribs and world does he run some sort of military operation in the

by arrange our Saudi Arabia. Absolutely. The point is that here

This is the way

we can argue about it. He knows all about it, but the point is that all this happens and he comes out the news.

Ok through the lighthouse organ bright barred

 

rising from trumps mouth and says. Yes, we have confirmed hollow

pedophilia range in the Clinton operation

we're gonna, bring him down, and so that's what,

all this is: why did bright bar tweet about that in two thousand eleven December, that tweet Bright Martineau about came out right, Bart set out to bring out the biggest dancing to bring down the Democrats and they pay.

And they were either in California, initially poisoned absolutely the gilded. Where did what happened? I didn't you know daddy death, but he died of a heart attack. You are you laughing fake laughing, pull up the ladder you just now. I know you're a media, pull it out my job, I won't buddy. You know I love you anyway. The bright bar email or the bright Bart tweak its created internal Joan is all about us. Whether tweet is pretty insane when you read it. You'll like way what the fuck is going on, like every part of its Theirs

 

instantaneous reaction that people have made a great effort at our set of instruments right, you're right, you Johnny people are doing this to kids. You don't want you to get the fuck out of here. That's nonsense gather, but when you tell people about the stuff, that's been proven, the ones that have their own account that old clock that all attach, though I was on air, saying I'm told

by him why PD, unlike Threed Everett, shows and others gonna come out at wiener, sending child porn

in the nose. What they're saying whether accusing wiener of apparently ascending sexually explicit tat,

to an under age girl? That's! What's against the law, it's so the college!

porn, but is essentially, he was sending pornographic text

with fifteen years now, while I was told it's a lot more than that, what are you doing? Does just what it really is a minimizing it, because a higher up Serbian told you to let us out. Let me tell you: Wiener supposedly had tens of thousands of emails. Wiener should be fuckin comedian for sure he's a freak.

He's got real problems is good communicator, Betty's hilarious come on

 

We think all I know is, I do not see even weders pedophile. All I know is, all I know is listen. We all know that Jerry Epstein, ok,

and now I don't know about your lolita expert ashes, Google, that and what is that built? Let me live on Twitter,

flights first said: oh, that's right are generally not an issue that has a simple in it and then he was also

this this middle eastern country with a shriek? That's emitted, pedophile, with with multi million

checks and milk went on applying and we'll Clinton's unknown social, predator? Ok, so all this stuff's going on and

show me short, bring lawsuits against Donald Trump with Jane Doze, claiming he'd been with Epstein.

No proven the logs. I make you log on private jets, none but was ever drew.

Here is how Prague, Prague pray

Progressive guru, John Predestine is in household name as world class under age. Sex slave up cover upper defending unspeakable,

 

drags escapes me early on did John Podesta. Imagine his baby M M F Anna, without, as would be covering up for

under age, sex, ops in age and hate crimes against blacks, ha them means what is M M F. Faye young Jamie media matters.

Isn't that Soros Yadda, Sorrels Soros, but also guess who owns the pizza place? Who promise when, on its media matters Head Guy David Rocks,

why for him, and that is where they have major democratic party, fun, razors, and then they had. They had wrought man's there, that

that gave alive spoken, word dissertations of the love of children. What you're talkin about guys like Garth, drag, come on, how much they love children. Have you seen this year? I don't worry

 

PETE, but they really put up one. Does a video of them saying that it is in commerce commenting on so in what way is

in this? It really is a very, very bizarre subject, but why,

side. So what is this

you bring it up. Jerry Gimme, some via or which she is here. He likes

So what have we reached?

this

he does super

 

with that, I'm not lying comic ping pong anybody listening was described for that person. Look like that. You were wearing a wig, a blonde wig and it was a guy like you are addressing transvestite or a woman whose just smoked every cigarette.

It's one of the two, but this is a fact that was going on in their place.

Really odd, but that sound like someone add living we all have preferences, are trying to be funny

it's almost like nobody's looking eyes in the in the

Russia in its little more than its all, our work derive their lotta creepy artwork, and I wanted to that guy Lotta creepy our work, I mean dead. That's a fact. There's a lot of fat

So it's one of those things I would like, but I'm not saying they read anything and you're, not saying that I'm not either that's what's really important,

I never even really covered this stuff, and then they had me on the news and also Swan going. They said these

people were killing kids in a basement. They say: ok, maybe

Kelly went on and took a club where I was talking about.

 

Irish funding jihadis and Obama, the arab spring that killed tens of thousands of people

thousand people, thousands of children. Now Al Qaeda was putting kids, which is ISIS intersects sex slavery they

added to that at and then cut together on Fox NEWS

me sharing and Hillary Clinton oration kills children in a basement ping pong p

They literally now added audio, but I was able to change your audience. I was able to find the day with video with what I really said and throw it back in their face. Bob wow, that's really blatant

That's it where's is, can we washes where, whereas as they did, Sir Isaac Newton S hand the company comparison yeah, it's like Megan Kelly caught a giant lie fallow shown try to find that we should put. We should play that, but I don't mean to me to get our main Kelly, so pretty she soon. Folks, once I wish it was like old

any a lover. Damp desolate

an old training here, hilarious learning, not like all trainees, we're think she's hot you don't like it. You don't think

 

Kelly's? Not why insulted issues are globalists

slow, bothers me, she's pretty do no jail, she's real ugly. She do you think that sheet what she's moved over to envy say you think she's gonna change to now and go for the literally see wants to be the quote. New Fox news shall they'll be than they're gonna Glenn back. I was concerned

but I hate conservatism libertarians for everyone, and I can t cultural, so she's gonna go whether it be the conservative light and try to get some writings. So it's

like NBC, realises that's where the money, as we say we want to see a fake news, is made from making Kelly on Fox NEWS. Defiant m o careless player. He would go give some volume how this whole pizza, gay,

conspiracy, gun measure. We have many controversies do these days. It began with a tweet on October, thirtieth days after the FBI announced they be reopening and investigation into Hillary Clinton. Z, males someone on

twitter, whose name remains unverified, but has several thousand followers posted that new emails found?

 

non Anthony winners. Computer confirm that Hillary Clinton was involved in a pet of failure. Ring

The twitter opposed included information from a facebook user, who stated quote my Nypd source said it's,

much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking in India,

National child, enslavement and sex and off from next day places nobody sex now that this is probably them caught trying to debunk us

They do. Is they misrepresent we're saying shortly

whoever these rob people were, or- or I don't know they are saying. Oh look, Nypd says it's wiener and all this she how they were saying none of that happening now

actually started to come out. I don't know how far how deep it goes, but this

when Kelly, let's let a player and respond to it out. I was managed not ceremony, lethargic. Ok, do you know what I mean is it is the right one book user who stated quote my N Y p d source

said? It's much more vile and serious than classified material on winners device. We're talking in internet.

 

No child enslavement and sex ring the next day. The bogus claim was picked up by a webs.

I called your news: wired, dot com message boards like fortune and read it right, wing blogs and several pro trump websites.

In four wars Alex Jones how far right web host posted it.

Youtube video seen almost five hundred thousand times contractors personally job right have zero fewer standing up against the rumour spread, inspiring some new found internet sleuths to start digging around in John predestined hacked email, searching for proof and location of the so called sex ring. What they found were numerous references to pizza. Now, here's without Jones actually said resistance to pillory

 

Can I think about

Hillary Clinton has personally murdered chopped up

right? I have zero fears standing up against european right. Hillary Clinton has personally martyred children, cannot back the trees anymore

religion is one serial killers, the planet's everything's gonna others a twist to that, not all about the devil.

Story with her chief of staff or campaign chairman

the menu of blood and seamen and body parts.

Mr Crowley of the private event.

No I'm sorry about that. I mean two hundred thousand plus dead Christians.

Or operation with Syria and IRAN

in Libya and not let the Christians get out and directing Al Qaeda and ICES Butare

 

and minor children and put up their sex slavery and throw catholic priest off cliffs and kill people en masse and murder gauge and everything else you can imagine because they don't like peaceful people and they caught him.

I therefore open society. They live

everybody anything they do is for degradation and could have been killed in society. A restaurant,

Oh good reason: people like Alex Jones and a conspiracy theory that even the Deasey police say has no basis. In fact, yes back of wise and

 

It's dangerous! What had taught her sorrow, sombre boyfriend to drive across foresight lines within this all rifle and enter a family friendly restaurant at three o clock in the afternoon on a Sunday I now read, it has banned this topic on its website having slowly but surely those who help fan it are trained dial it back out of the safety concerns for the safety of lemon endangered. By really biscuit happened to anyone. It's not just us anything,

no person. I know you said our producers, it's also surreal. Until the gun comes in wild and then some your being here so they went, they got you do they got the full club. They cut the front

knowing I was actually saying- I don't know about the Satanism before the term pizza gate was out there, but I do now

she's fond of the radicals. I came, I saw they die. You do ripen, kill and got up kid. So she personally is you were me,

 

in a very provocative statements, and he made a very provocative statements by saying something kind of crazy at first desk

and backing it up, and so

They decided to do just added a chunk of that, and so they don't really have to edit and chop it out, but they did.

Take it is. I Zionists limbs were his hand at a contact and said that I was completely Riah weren't and I was talking about the Spirit, cooking

Mr Crowley stuff for the lady is written. It's real for her and they go

little kids these parties and they have that's a blood. That's one thing: if you want

don't want to do that, you know issue some art project. This is real and so on

about the many were there in the email saying you have plenty of blood

seamen for you and other delicious thanks the menu and he's like what are the juicy on them,

mega. Well, we're gonna have cheese pizza, we're gonna, have we're gonna, have the not sauce and we're gonna have the pasta and we're gonna have you know

succulent hot dogs. We know you love sucking hot dogs,

Oh god, I wanna go back to the question of why the best hot dogs,

 

it is a got. We dogs and Obama, want sixty five thousand hours or thought I deliver. The party will not be there and then it's in Stratford this

I? U males that got leaked by wikileaks that now people cross reference where the CIA are watching or not. Look at all bombers, your cargo, another hot dog party, while the did the earth

I don't think so. Amr is a party with fifteen days at that is issued. The point is now: they can blackmail him with this

and this type of crime, or that we never got pedophile courage with Obama yeah. Now it's it's men, I mean.

Tat is trying to say the Morocco. Burma is a homosexual, zany, bisexual. How dare you later

who cares? You ve ever seen him with a man. You know this is true

while sitting with men walked out straight, maybe just likes to bring due to have conversations with em. Maybe he just wants it. I heard a tyrant people in the head of the free world. Maybe he had a party with with sixty five thousand.

Job maybe loves our dogs, sick, fuck? It fuck this diet,

 

president? More our will, and now this is essentially a thousand. Not sixty. Five thousand dollars is born, that's more than a thousand times. What Gore may not those with dollar peace to dollar, seven hundred

what website super gourmet five dollars: apiece reach our press,

it needs a hot dog helping hand. One of the turns out. He was like a ten time. Hot dog eating champion is like one of them. That's probably one of that's, probably ok. Let's say

like and actually just really legs hotdogs here Alex Jones like this

for Heaven's sake, for how sixty five thousand dollars five dollars per hard labor, but listen with Ino Yogurt. Those delivers someone's gonna make em go grind it up put in the casing. The whole deal maybe get a Gore may hot he's gotta put those can might have put in to get us some giant party- some I am out of his job party, I don't know, but

browser behind all these are code for male prostitutes. Ok, maybe that's what

I'm saying is anybody who skeptical anyway

 

he was looking, doesn't want. You guys are so fucking crazy. This is so

you're, making such gigantic leap of faith. No leaps!

just look at all. How would the weird codes

in those emails? There is definitely some

and I know what I mean. I mean job after this one. I am effect my crew actually got mounted the os will be restored by the treasure we're about

days and others, and the news heading and picked it up and all my crew is doing. Is all day reading thousands of emails, I mean there's thousands that are just related to food and hot dog and kids and hot tubs and kid deliveries, and

and in all the spirit, cooking and allow Mr Crowley and

be seamen in blood. I told my career, I said it's

probably true knowledge?

I believe a stop obsessing audit and stop reading these emails, because I want to focus on the election and everything

the temporary solution,

I'd start, accusing me of covering up the they Podesta step before its call pizza gay

then I get blamed for being behind,

 

it's ok, I'm only the bitching, I'm explaining what it's like to really be trying to get at the truth and the people take the fact that its complex she but

does that mean jobs you now to put stuff out clear and parts it. I just know all this crap where you get crazy ass, they ran people won't listen to me too much data

what this is like,

It's yours, I'm sick of it. I don't know everything is going well, but out of this I have good CIA people and FBI and secret service. Ok telling me yes, Alex it's worse than you know, keep getting up, it's gonna come out and it started to come out and saying watch when we start arresting the pedophile networks, we're gonna roll up. The Democrats and Republicans are involved. That's why trumps it

the speeches at the inaugural. This is not about parties where

again these people on we're bringing God back in even stronger that wasn't very religious, like Trump has gotten

legit learning about this

We take some prompts lotta devil worshipper and he loves God and he's been briefed on all this and he's a role there. S up to the pedophiles better, get ready, which a clear some up right now, look at the camera until it, but you know Bill Hicks.

 

I take real stuff and I was chosen as research documents as so he knows. All these little points are making

conspiracy apertures? What have I hears? What happens? They think it's a flattering to take real stuff noticed

Research documents as so he knows all these little points are making better than even the dynamic. Remembering Stephanie brings knock. I try to suppress after

how about you handle anymore amount of forty three and I'm sitting here? Looking at all

and then- and these people country illustrate that go hey Joe Joe seventy five times and

Turning on New York, you know it were not just honest Alex whenever it where my fuckin name is shown by the programme is already enshrined in Nigeria. Canada say bill. Hicks

they say no ears and I'll be on

or are we to restaurant and the commitment to go? They say: hey Bill Bill, bill, minerals, your openness expertly.

And, and- and I turned around- you know what you all, because I did a few

 

pieces in one little video with a guy that lives in Austin that you knows how I met you with the you, don't look like Bill Hicks! That's! What's ridiculous about it like what you get like massive plastic,

Jerry changed away your voice sounds like your voice is so different from United on saying. Is that no one ever wants to look real conspiracies does are complex and our donor stamp they want

go with the earth is flat

you others aliens open only to capital dinosaurs, our real or no, I mean less and the point is to get a badge any Eddie as it could have a free open my, but he doesn't promulgated stuff

only resurging, what's been said. So I would just get

now the way I am bill, Hicks, I'm. Actually you are

how a bill like sixty? I think he died at thirty two in nineteen. Ninety four.

So do the math, and I want to get hot in Here- is really

Eddie. You know

my studio, really call D. What you did

 

get crazy, you're a goddamn, illumine inferno melting. You know how it is alot of people that don't know like how you got started, but

I think that that was really bizarre in that thing was that lady was calling you are right wing host of far right wing host.

You ve, never been a right wing guy and it's it's a big misconception like you were always

Thirdly, Anti Bush, you got arrested speaking ass actually before

we're Bush was even allowed. Did you were trying to stop

from being elected back when cool

and was glad when he stole the larger from Gore, who I didn't really like. I still came up

expose. It has now been certified Congress and there they ve document.

I just go with what the facts are, but you ve never end.

One of the things that really open my eyes is a really important video. The did nine eleven road tyranny. We talked about the world today

organization, protests and how

it sent in these people in government uniform

so government issue boots and these anarchists there

dressed in black, and they its

 

that. This is an actual tactic that they'll used to break up peaceful protest, although send in soldiers or

we spent or whatever the hell, they're hiring. No one knows and they sent me,

people and they smash everything up. They started turn into a violent protests, light things on fire and then they all holed up in the building.

They negotiate their release and none of them were arrested and when you showed this clip by clip from these various

news organisations a new focused on the kind of clothing, their wearing the difference in their behaviour versus the behaviour of all the peaceful protests and then

the result of it, which had these

people who were walking to work with a double tee, o sticker that at a line through it.

Police stop them and said you can have that sticker on that book bag? You can

after you bad things. Now you hate, I might not have even been cops me who knows who, while he waited met,

the media always spends it exposed pedophilia, they blame some innocent pizza place. You

 

both the government, random, costly, bad things. Now you have not even been cops me who knows who? Well, you may, admittedly, delta force that make sense gel to force it, I'm not bright, but my blasting delta

they were given the order by Clinton to go out and recruit, and they recruited just about four hundred leftist foundation funded grips funded by big private foundations. They train them for about a month before in Oregon

they flew on their put him in a government. Housing facilities on the news letter is.

Local news, did retreat to a building and negotiate their surrender and they were released. The irish yes, yes,

but when this was, after all, this property damage aims, are you know they went out to start the attack? So

Had it on video, so they could then attacked a hundred thousand peaceful protest. So this was something that

between we dont what we like to think. Just like you, don't like to think too pedophiles a real. You dont like to think that any

in the government, whatever organise some kind of an attack or something

a fake event where a bunch,

 

people that you hire to start

smashing thanks to make a peaceful protests, look bad. We don't want to think that that's possible, but it is Botsey goes on, but it turns out that this is actually a document to be attacked. It yes was the deputy o, in fact, Esquire about two years ago, was a profile on me and that of the guy is dead

a former CIA section chief in MID may involve much stuff himself and I told him I said yeah Delta, for

ram those riots, videos, you're a liar- and I said not

He wouldn't googled it and could later

the Seattle posts, intelligence and stuff and then even went and talk to journalists,

no because he'd been there covering it as a journalist and he didn't

even know so. He says. Let me ask why article ok, I'll show you got me there.

Even though I grown up the sea, I am stuff I do know that was having, but but let's be clear, its criminal elements,

using compartmentalization illustration that do this. They always claim. I hate the government

have a war and all other stuff. No, I have to give credit to the good

 

elements of the CIA and the good elements of the USA. I'm not good friend. That's a very important point, very important point about this point with a friend of mine who are talking

Adam. Does I've had might Baker on the pact ass before and through the

a few conversations at over how it might bakers formally the CIA. I get you I see.

Start getting an understanding of how it works like these drug dealings. That always, we know one leg jets crashing. Will the coke on board their cowboys? Like a few,

Do you want a sad Santos diffuse due to realize they can make a fuck load of money if they sell and there might be a lot of people involved, but it's not the whole CIA. It's not like. They have government memos on it. Well, I do still have a covert option. There running the president says: do this late hour,

it did not the cocaine dealing. I dont folks are involved actually for the points he says

our economies knocked out cars that are given the funding. They go. What you do in the government, as you go, the president said: do this we're we're men of action?

and we're going to do it shall then there's cocoa.

Already make sold the conference. Are you

 

to get other funding will screw that will just jacket, bring an end using private contractors by another ever got what maritime they did and I got very pleasant, you're very zombie Vietnam to but yea was that it was a common tactic. They knew that there was money that was being made from selling illegal drugs. Why would they let that money be made all round them? They're? Not

we D Leslie argument as you don't wanna, let the communist do all the cocaine narrowing, ailing or because then they have more money than you we'll move where the fuck is going on here.

Understand it's just this crazy at your talents, how much heroin production went up since our

prepare for anybody can pull this arguments with frustrating as a lot of the fake

Relax. I see myself as a real liberal, but a lot of the fake levels

oh that's a lot of people. I know you can see

ouch engine opium production in Afghanistan, pre, two thousand and one and then look at the?

later years. It's come out like two thousand fourteen fifteen. It went from three percent.

World supply to seven percent

Thirty percent and

 

ten years of occupation. It went to ninety three percent. Look at another level supply, so look at the heck. Tat went from memory. What was I write? Well, you they were.

It's pretty substantial increase between two thousand and one, which is at an all time low and this chart from ninety for the two thousand, and sixteen so too

thousand ones an all time low and then

Next year it fuckin skyrocket job at Google BBC and I pay just type in,

Afghanistan, ninety plus percent world opium production.

A very small ninety three percent illicit initiatives only also for like opiate pills, or is it just forever than ever it? So it's not like oxy contents and think I'm gonna be all they ordered the trips to the Taliban works well and was allowed to grow up and

they're allowed to sell it to whoever wants to buy more notches. That there's been documented, confirm instances of troops that are being forced to guard poppy feel sure will have a library downright when this

 

come on Fox news with her all de Rivera, absolutely that terrible that came out of your ever. I broke it and give it to eliminate they work. It comes out,

that the trips you're being all right. There goes. Ninety percent of the world's supply of opium, according to the United Nations, has added it. Ninety three last year that live as well.

Years. Always a couple there's like three years old gets two years I'll say it. It's gonna. Ninety three right now to Jesus Christ shut

like I said, ninety three and if that's what it is, but so, but it s so frustrating, as you know all this and then and then people still call you crazy now what Alex? Why do you explain the fake news sites? Why do a lot of people out there? I think info

wars is total fake news. Why do they think

that is a major deep state government programme funded by Soros, Mainly- and I found the most effective way- is anti. Israel, bashing and sewed

on the Wikileaks last year, that U S, intelligence, led, not the Russians

he's in there saying we're gonna overthrow Israel

 

the old Saudi Arabia and we're gonna like up the Annie with Anti Israel rhetoric on I'm, somebody was neutral in Israel, never been there,

had nothing to do with that. Israel has liberal

the servant of some good administration, some bad, but I'm not

Anti Israel, two tiny little place. I know it doesn't things that are bad compatible.

We done it's nothing, so I just don't have some

hard on for Israel to hurt him and

if the policy as everybody else thereby knows that show

show when they killed Israelis going from a regional saints wrong when a white phosphorus bombs

Palestinians ceilings wrong. Show I'm

their covering all that and then they just put out.

But this israeli agent, you know all

long around the CIA militia. Let's not get into these crazy. Iran's about crazy accusations, explained of events news. Why do they think info wars wars has taken? Is I don't know you that a lot of people out there? Smart people really intelligent date them they think they're. There

real news is CNN lunchtime. You got attacked

from below and above you, ve got major funding by

 

sorrows and others is a real live nazi collaborator like true doktor evil and the latest James Bond was based on his Rilke accompany it's even named

where's Cambodia, the bad guy in the movie. Is killings actually Soros yeah and he tried to crash the pound. Bring nothing.

These really bad news. So am I six aging, but

long story short about George Soros, he's

funding this attack on me and any independent media. How do you attacking

media when the public's awake, deep state and government stuff, you say Alex, shows as the government and then they all

ignore real facts. I talk about who I admit so my family work for the government and they said the girl was correctly

control. That is even a real debate, but but above that, what was really question here.

The question with a splash was lighted, amounting correctness explained the solidarity. Let me, let me just explains pretty easy. It did there in direct competition with him. If it's

ox news of CNN and end of its anybody. Distributing news, you're, indirect,

 

competition with someone who was an independent news organization, they operated themselves, they do in online jobs, you showed it perfectly. That's it Alex is in a very unusual position because he's a magnet people to people

drawn him like a lightning rod, says a lot

crazy shit. He goes on. Ramses, very animated is fund a watch and alive

of this shit he says, is correct in we're getting into this right now, like this. This thing about the debate here, which

like I said, was one of the first ones are really open night. There was a long time ago to those, like you, put a video on those two

thousand two or somethin like one was that today

three thousand one hundred

right after nine eleven right after September eleventh and on the web of that, exactly like dvd or somewhat before that. But you just said

so we actually thinking codified this now, because my problem is idle. I say

it's kind of all the map, which is a good thing, also bad thing you just thrown it. You have your question why they call me footnote. We just saw Megan Kelly too.

 

Before the election Shea and a whole. Our long show special lichens fake news. We want a few minutes of it Alex

the king affect nourish pages

hilarious chopping up children inside it

when a pizza place now grant

I was saying it in satire about her in the Middle EAST, so it beg for the particular context, but they clearly did that to deceive their view.

She's branding herself, I'm real

you can trust me little. This poor victim Alex Jones almost got him killed when none of it was true when none of it

your based in reality and what I want I was getting was from the Nypd, ok and the FBI, who are good

people release. Those agents shall there's an exam.

Of the branding, taxing Etienne they'll? Take something

real said, or they ve taken videos where I'm acting stupid.

You know, would like five acts or six eggs underwear are given the illegals or whatever, and they showed with underwear. On my head and say, look this

 

It's crazy! It, however serious topics, so they can taken out of context. But when I being serious, which is ninety percent of time, I tell people but one

comes in and we ve got when a valley show ideas

our idea is talking about. You know: kidnapping people start

laughing earlier. We had fun like you're, a normal person, and that's that's what people find hard to believe when I tell people on friends without you,

You go get the Fogarty Argotiers, very guy, scrape I

we'll get time together over the I shall you're, a great guy. I wish we aren't

also busy and hang out more like an old ex, I know. Well, we can do it, I'm going to come back to Austin, I'm trying to get to Austin. Probably the spring turn figure out when and when and where I'm going to

but I love Aston, where you live as a fuckin beautiful place. Well, I know these topics get me in a quite frankly exhausting the hour for they are, but but I'd like to sham today,

really get into the big picture and what I believe is really going on, because I figured out the basis of what's happening and I'm gonna, let you I mean if you and your some far out stuff,

 

volcanic as we experienced, I'm not gonna, throw it ok go! Ok! Let me take a piss

god I was always so slight com. So are you Eddie me I get near enough

Kyler round we're gonna, bring it down we're gonna like bring it down earth every now and then going to launch into orbit we're gonna grab me by your heels, bring back we're gonna, be fine, we'll get to escape

and then tells us it. There's a bathroom may vary through that door to arrive.

Or for love extra owns so far

Bravo everything you wanted and more o absolute under sit near Lehtinen, just leaden, letting the people let near

fans know that have never been

Fundamentalism hours Jones every goddamn day

take a day off every now, and then I look like

do alone

a good guy. You know he has always been a good guy people that don't listen to him, that they believe what the man

 

in media has said: oh, yes, but also he makes it easy for them by saying crazy shit like Hillary Clinton, chops, babies, knowledge, stuff, and I know he's doing it for germanic affair. Since one the reasons why show so popular because he does la things I got, it makes it easy for people to dismiss them, and then you go.

Into this thing. We're ok! Let's before you dismissal, let's look at what he said. What is he said? It's true and they look at what he said.

We thank you said today so far, so many of operate all far everything that he said, it's just

his radio show. He doesn't have any teleprompter, this dude can talk,

four hours straight for now. That's a thing. No one need wind of doing a lot of podcast, especially doing these radio show shows like Alex as by himself we're just ransom, ransom, rent for long periods of time. He they develop, like a certain, must

like there's a lot of guys who would do their own party, like billboards per example, disown podcast by himself all the time and he's got this a bit.

 

He took over just rant from one subject to the next subjecting keep going and when you have Bonaparte guess it's just you just can't. I gotta get out of his way. So with Alex

It is kind of gotta go freedom. Some subjects get out of his way, but every now and then he does so many subjects in a row I gotta bring back. I gotta go. You got us. Ok, let's get to this one. How did she stealing

you just can't ass over there? Let's get to this? Ok, let's get those broke down. Pre did a great job, and this is, I think this is going to help people have seen Alex like that.

Is going to help people have a chance to look at

whole picture of just forget about where you're loyalties, Alai, whether you enjoy CNN or Fox NEWS whenever it it just

sit outside of it right now and look

it. What it really is because what it really is. Why is anyone want to give you the news?

giving you the news because they love you are

giving you the news, has its programme and they're trying to make money and do they

 

have access to certain people, because it willing to play certain games most likely when you're looking

something. That's on a major league television show, whether its Fox NEWS or NBC or CBS, or whatever the fuck it is. You ve, got to go through some say

Sirius channels to get there just had each if Europe,

I would suit tie good evening, America and you're doing that, got that

that guy on any of those major networks. You had to go through some fuckin, serious hoops and ladders and checks and balances you gotTA represents

something in order to be the person who reads the news. But what is that

four. Is it a fuckin show, or is it

the news: are they really trying to help you? What are they trying to do?

No, why why are they doing the news? Are they doing it?

love you and care for you, and I want you to be informed or they doing, because there clearly biased,

They ve got an agenda, but if you watch

Fox NEWS and then to see- and I just go back and forth whenever some going

like what I did it after the election as Like Fox NEWS scene and Fox news. Cnet, its quota focused

 

tell the truth: someone's gotta be lying. Why you foxes lying won't! You

looks like this one story. We here is a totally different story, we're so all

need to know just looking at that? Just forget about what you are with the progressive liberal, whether a conservative Republican just look.

That and understand that you're getting all of your information

these sources that have a vested interest in releasing their particular version of the truth ass I could for anybody. The represents the barbarity that how do I foxes?

Totally me. I want you, no matter what you do on given Freddy Bravo, to give crazy bring out the hatch. I hope that people listen to your show the people who live in the law, as all members want to get going for once did it still is to bring out the whiskey

all I want like for me. I don't want to be.

This conspiracy, guy, making money and and doing shows, I walked

from my podcast, I started my conspiracy. I really don't want to be.

Conspiracy, guy it so

 

thing inside me is wants to wake people up. That's all I'm trying to do.

At alternative. I'm trying to help. I make money off any conspiracy theories. Everything I tell myself every time I walk in here, don't say,

conspiracy with he's gonna bring out of umbrella Exam Black Africa, where there is a big failure, was role with you later. Oh shit back surgeries. No, you said so. He says he is ass. Ninety just had a desk replace really it's. Finally, guy you're actually can be with you see I have every now and then don't you want to be like on that site

I just have Apple a act.

They don't waste, Donald that Whisky Alex Jones. Listen. Let me give you guys. The big frickin doubted, ok, poor, that we say that I'm willing to give I'm abortion. I got the thing figured out Poland for aiding. I gotta figure now Gus

you mean an usher. Parliament, may you, gentlemen, cheers

 

I wanna keep my mouth shut, shares to you out Jones, here's a u buy stuff

bore so one side or the other when it comes to this was so much in tissue pace and regarding the show much calling about don't have Algerians on about. While there was a lot of that, there is not a bigger com owners racist should someone said that to make our Jones in one of the least racist people you ever fuck and meet your life. I've never even heard you say a racial thing, race is so inconsequential. Do you know what you think and what they stand for? You ve never discussed race ever in the almost. What do I know

sixteen fuckin seventeen years. I've never

when you discuss raise it. Also someone calling racist like

you're just like all. They do all terms waving a rainbow flag, say he's homophobic. There was a guy walking

to me in New York. I was there after the election was there for the? U have see was right after the election and me my friend campaigns walk back from the jam. We, what we went over the jam will walk back. We walked right into the fuckin protests and theirs.

 

Guy that was standing next to me,

Greening Donald Trump

k, K racist sectors. They had TAT gay KKK, races, sexes, antigay, just kept screaming Donald Trump than the caretaker is a job for you.

Stories? Racist? Are you sure there's? Any discrimination is generally gay guys around to see those of hotels.

Friends with them, and I gave interviews the advocates twenty years ago. It's all just come

Leap, Meda or scrap waving a rainbow fly,

aren t speech. He says Republicans have to stop being mean gay people and, after being close him he's about to enforce civil rights laws for

gaze and others and they're calling him a literal homophobia.

This is probably not decide. Now bs man this it, but this is my problem with it. My problem with it is that people want to use a real you're, a big you're. This Europe

 

that they want to come up with a nice quick label that officially, maybe you in that makes it boxes. You lean images, aligns you and then you have to defend yourself. Look. You said it,

at the beginning as diatribes, not perfect, he's a man. It is also a super ambitious super wealthy man. It's constantly on the go and those kind of do there,

type, a hyper, aggressive personalities and he's

said so should he shouldn't have said right dummy. Don't you agree like generally older than this, the big

One is one that he said in confidence with that Billy Bush guy, the ground by the pussy thing, that's the big and who has it in confidence, especially,

you're famous man, it's crazy woman, throw themselves on you, you do anything, you want to actual solve a woman's climbing up on top of you, you can do whatever you want. That's what mammals do she showing she wants it? She gets it and then they turn into a sexual assault. It's pure

 

We did have a woman said he. I guess I can see that there are other. Could you scope and grab him in the balls? We would. We would laugh or thought in reality just talked about how she fuck any gosh wants is walked up the ground by the deck we would like vigilant, rising told. We would think it's amazing how these out my group is, he wasn't talking about it. He hides behind bushes and works for jogger learning, reaches out and also context, he's out of context he's having a guy conversation. Wait like he described in a locker room and there is a whole, but this how assigned window recorder gonna like at this- and this is not defending it means- is definitely not

something should have said, probably wasn't all agree to that. But what

you really doing he's really what we call talk and shit

Edie. I had talked shit so much to each of the latin saying things we totally don't believe we totally don't mean, but we're trying to make each other and show you were worse, Ellie, Etienne, ire, silly all the time you had a transcript of all the key

 

Relations are you and I have had the fucking seventeen years we ve been friends, oh shit, we be in trouble, can't put it on air we'd, be in fuckin. Real taught me that you're gonna content Rowan on Facebook measures into that live video, Yasmine, so funny. Watch this

the tv show my guy that shows us and then a Sousa turned the camera, and you want to sell us that wasn't meant what was bad, but it was my off the cuff. Aren't you know you weren't censoring while forgot? What I said

so our marijuana involved this conversation

for every hour had the analogy somewhat. These: are you dont like them? You dont have to wear so loud. You dont have to worry about Alex Jerome.

Is here seriously address what do the job and actually reach out here?

so hundred hundred and ten million. Who knows how many months now

knows a lot about a month. Twenty million

you came all the derivatives and everything else you're doing and I raised about on X, and we still do not know now not on the excellent I'm a lot over. The point is that you're one of the biggest shows the world. Let me to his wife, not hearing him. He'd know this continent as a signal to the mainstream media of apathetic. They are seen in

 

top show has maybe a million viewers, their average seven hundred thousand foxes top show. Maybe four

in an automobile, united, ok, great good for them and not competition. While the point is there, a friggin Joe

I conservatively everyday and rational radio, have four

investors on my plus stations. That's right! It proven make that's big right there and then

millions and millions of dollars. Every day, tens of millions of people watch the videos you out altogether forty something million a week. We go back to this. What's happening:

it isn't about Joe Roadrunner AL shows ready. Bravo, any that it's about the people are hungry for being here.

Have a wider selection of things. Why are you in a wholly different categories? Zalm trying to do is give them interesting content. You're, actually try

to run a new show and expulsions. I'm really smart commentary. I watch clips olive. I have people on tablets, talk, you tried, open minds all the time and have an open mind the different. I must honestly what I'm not anonymously, not trying to open minds on being curious, Num, asking questions and I'm trying to learn as much myself and then what

 

do learn about things. I would like to have that person come on to teach other people around, because I think it's interesting well. Here is the big show out of revulsion. We want a billion, lay the sound chaloner and I'm wearing a documentary down the road and actually break this down. Glad

There is a whole breakaway civilization than I am

did you have ass yet ready? I don't ever talk about this for real break

way civilization. Are you ready, Hoddan, Joe

we think that I tell you over the years human

too many that true there was a couple that you are wrong. You all right that we're trying to kill people,

the context, not mine.

Mr Byrne? That explains why

If we want it's ok. Conspiracy theory is just not trusting criminals every now and then you can in that murder the criminal, but still a criminal, even though you're wrong. One of those things I'm actually embarrassed about is the watch. Ok, ok,

Well, listen. You're not accounts, but you're, not a computer expert near my. I didn't go anywhere that night, my stay fuckin home and I was waiting for that goddamn

 

Howard, Eagle Asher. I never knew a minute, but since then twelve I didn't know about damn the Mayans we thought it was over. I think that paragraph two and two thousand twelve licence in December two thousand well like I did. I was just about the S very strong tobacco from Mexico, dynamic. California. This agenda is one hundred percent medical reasons and legal yam and is still looked

There's a lot of things that people think you're gonna happen. They turn out. Do not happen is always a goddamn asteroids, gonna kill us all that there are still important here. Is the news outlets? So what

What is going on aliens are coming to levy universal limit before I do this, when I answer his questions, yet a written question to me

Why you care? I want to give our support. Ok, this is one of the

you things that that I have really gotten wrong.

I didn't go in my gut and so

was proven wrong and I did it for the long reason. So now I'm in actually confess your honor,

 

I was on one radio station. I've been on access tv for four years. One radio station already started to show to my house. There was, unlike fifteen real estate.

So I had that at least, but I was wondering radio station had the top show at night

all station with Howard, stern killer is all of the newspaper had huge ratings and I will bring an end.

You're. Twenty forty random Muslims reject a huge amount for me building whole operation at home.

They cover the cells, guys they go look for a year. You ve not been my why you came and

not let this evolutionary sponsors and we're gonna. Basically, we fired. If you don't, let us endorse these sponsors

and have a minor and show you believe in want you can hold on a second. So these sponsors were like doomsday stuff like can food and shit and bankers limiting ourselves even further. They gonna like K, lights and lions, but about the standard wants to make all the hundred Castro the station made. You push why to Kay why

but let me go further disorder. The few times in my life tat. I say I didn't

 

integrity. I kind of let them convince me, but I think back to the point in the conference room I just kind of went: okay, okay, okay, sure I get it and then I will

and then, once I decided it was true. I really pushed it so it's almost like

myself because I'm being honest about this programme, so so this is what happened.

For a year and a half, I'm saying it's bs, it's a government hoax because they're, like the Navy says the chips are all bad and fifty four cities will completely fall and it's all the death. I said they just want to upgrade with all this new spiral.

When new global standardization of the. U S is telling me

active ninety six. They want to force all the new chips zionist resources, then that I was having on ok and

realize how special wasn't have resources there. Tommy Toby S, people don't

you were the Navy and don't want, and Fox NEWS had agitate your food, which is everywhere.

Someone hell, ok, stuffs gonna, be real, so was like a black Friday for

like a wide variety of the last few months and furthermore, or was it a farm anyway?

 

they didn't, but the moral was how to convince myself. It was real so badly,

and out at the course they like you're twelve hours beyond that data like five at some totally insane. But it's like nuclear reactor having a problem here and really was happening and, like you know, oh and there was a missile fired from Russia.

Which like was an icy Vienna like shot down. That was ABC News. I'm like

this isn't really happening. Ok, we got for perinatologist

there are probably going to react, resuming problem. Well, there's some stuff. So there was some

Jesus problems, but

government and Emma SAM had hiked it. Then they use

two demonize alternative media. Even then, when it wasn't catastrophic, so my gut told me it was bs, it was bs

So thank God, I missed the whole twenty twelve thing, but still

They said Alex Jones as the world's ending the bureau. Twenty two,

 

We're pissed at me that I wouldn't go into this thing. That's fun for them see when you start talking about the end of the world. Are doomsday come and people like that shit because it gives them something to think about, but there's a lot of people on future. I know manatee gives this year was a long time ago. Seventeen,

them see when you start talking about the end of the world, are doomsday common people like that shit, because it gives them something to think about what is allowed appeal on future. I know mannerly jobs. This year was a long time ago. Seventeen years ago, right, ally to Kay seventeen fucking years got at least ten thousand twelve then get you survive redeemed or so you came back out on seventeen think about seventeen years ago. That's a long time ago I mean you getting fired from that job. Every

radio guys got and fired the Howard Stern got fired, you got fired.

But allows parliament just hours after fire. I met top ratings and they were all pissed and weird about the wording

 

they met with the losers. They were all flipping our cause, the big paychecks

Well, it makes sense how's it was assigned, and White UK thing totally makes sense that they would want you to really push that seven hard, because who the fuck knows.

No, you get scared. You like whether lives, because Agnes College, the Navy, said what's gonna happen, wash imposed now you're

There is a real enemies, the want our ok, maybe I'll go to it. I had

one. There were telling me there was,

something that was gonna happen on two thousand twelve. They were sure of it here.

My revolver guarantee piano. Is there not a bully? Don't you just you're my doing you start like stampeding like Linux, its ambition alone. It is like a single going on this massive double.

Crossing. Is I really used to be in India? You fellows,

but the more you looking to you I found it looks like,

Another conspiracy intransigent was like the government.

It must be the sole NASA deal and when he came to the meeting

couldn't do it out of the sky well and

 

Stanley magenta meet with me is heart, blew up. It blew up like like a bomb in an art like they set his heart like completely rupture,

while the point as it then was Raymond Tee. And if you look at mission control,

He was the main homage of control that control the cameras and everything, and he

he and I believe this house. He had national security. Letters from the president, he'd run like see.

But operations in Cambodia and allows using airforce engineer

he knew the whole deal, and he would soon what hold they would say. You do meet with you and tell you everything I knew you would come and start gulping and he couldn't get it out, couldn't get what he said. He was so threatened or whatever he couldn't tell me

about? Do you think about how you probably left now laugh and losing the car around, and why you think those gentlemen? A lot is whether we should allocate resources are right. There were advanced technologies

we were worried, astronauts might die. They had two teams in orbit one

but the real ships? This is not a joke. Joe wait a minute,

 

they had one meal shimerdas ufos in an orbit and they were communicated Kennedy and the government everybody and next they're gonna. Have this giant thing about Americans number one and not have a backup later the Ashraf Stock puzzles

phones back on lost your fucking mind is guy you ain't going to hold on that. Let him finish there. We are,

Tell me what you trying to say. Are you trying to say that so the dean

I still got ran and she was gonna. Give me the secret of NASA. Ok and then

Could never get it out you here in order to arrive a second programme in a second

program. How do you know he die and he told me, but before the heart attack in them

hardtack second to none?

met with him of the old sat command literally, actually tell you look forward or not what

He told me he said your d said from your analyses: resources you're dead on

Why was in control of the video and radio communications, and he was the bureau?

 

these checks on tv or minutes they run at that point, the guy control can was on mission in rural, wasn't ready to back up. What are you kidding? Of course, the

the moon, landmines, are you getting come out? Will you raised it? You wanna know come on that's ridiculous now, but

I don't trust the government. That's why don't trust in me because they ran they? Do you want to spend money? They ran a fake up. We're just re entry devices and basic stuff.

Space and did

some of it, but then they had a real mission that put the reflectors opening on the moment when the member is no proof that re so you, but about what you know that the russian government with Leonardo Enable died, the secret Space Programme Alex. You know that the russian government, you know that the russian government put those laser site. Those laser reflectors on the moon is well with unmanned probes. Yes, you know their rights and their still authorities the Chinese, but about

Nobody dares there's weird. Ever nobody wants them things like that far away,

giving you

 

so you think they generally went to the moon. They just the footage is. Is that what you say you can't rig Phil,

back to that Alan Radiation building spots all over right, but we don't have film what would lead us to believe that they definitely did it because they had Arcy cameras

where there was a trash. Other types of amazing footage right is amazing footing those close to launch in space. In case the real mission died so who's in the

learn to show you the relentless what happened and is already military Algeria

is we have real advance? Ok, ok

let him alone immensities Eddie, so we got it. Gotta figure this out.

So what are saying is that one

we saw on tv. Would Neil Armstrong one small step for man? That's all horseshit.

But the real one actually took place. They couldn't get the film.

But Armstrong had been on real motions. So, yes, he definite bit unreal missions, but

I don't know he wouldn't tell me all of it. He died before we met the other

 

I was on the next day and his wife called my dad was friends what they have done on the other guy. What's his name buzz all, but I do know Bus Aldrin Buzz already said. I want to come on your shoulder mulligan

although he, though, he lives, you're an ally and one time I ran into closely with that, and he said

What come on your showed. I said I come on we'll it's. The only interviewees suddenly goes a motel

who else your audience alone, he said there is

Nevertheless, just by two thousand and one it's on the moon of Mars, the sole Mon

sending a transmission.

It's all real and it's all Egypt Anders aliens everything else and its autumn ever so. Why

Europe is zero. Clip of that has all port was also not pull that level now. It was online easy nightly noon the next day. So let us see that do you think he was funds, William detainees back when you know he was real, see her face. I fell. I urge Laurie, I think, is foolish

is for sure what is this true payment

If there is an obvious on Mars, I think

 

That really is communicating novelist, modem or the mood of Mars photos.

So we are, shall we only in their data, be seen as instagram banality now is a good sign, a bitch amazing, my gotta followed.

Which is that it imposes a slight he's. Just

go to your local cases. Ok, let's give us our love and Instagram. Let's give some people with their habitation. We can keep track if there's something very important to be dropped from the moment. I am not sure whether it is right now.

Gosh you died, sure thing shared identity airports are not yet for

while the truth. I know we all want to hear what you hear about as I want to hear, but who are you what he says? First, let's see what he says. Yes, they hold the guy Jim America to make such growth expenditures again for human habitation and about we can help we can join with together. We can

 

nor the moon and develop and still tat. We money do together. Our Belgium has not gone before. Is this where it talks about that? I'm I'm alive! Now it's on my shoulders, she's measures. We need to go, go to a monolith there, a very unusual step,

sure little potatoes shaped object,

need for billions dollars to go one, listen, seven hours,

find out about that. They're gonna say who put that their hope that their there well the universe, put it there. If you choose and come back there

It's like I know we ve come on. I want four billion show less reform, so that's the model that thing that you look at. Why that's weird? I don't believe this shit for a second origin.

Above all,

I fear in LOS angeles- and I can tell you anything else,

this monolith on photos, weird saga, weird,

 

structure. Who knows that's a real picture are both the ads, are Marcia Command,

That proves that mines are all that I can. I don't know shit about Photoshop and I can make sure you hear tell you the big secret about my sheep were merely with yes without legal clarity. We go look. Let me hear the shooting fed you wanna any doesnt. Let's go you mean kid, he told me the populace. Merv is real,

no one's gonna die. What he told me he told me, he said you know, India sending approved, moan and then

now that when they cross the probably family undersea frozen eyes that covers the moon, the moon has dust on it's a big

Honourable give me the water we need to get the planet. We make our big job, so I hope

it was our things lay on the planet, just perverse mandate. We make a step forward, but like a video game,

buzz eyes highlight buck with those all right now, you're, not listening,

 

working with a crash, the profound exactly what they were saying and I want to do in Europe- would look over and it says

as India discovers water on the moon, that's all water. Will they ve deafening

covered one on the moon right that this parliament is armed, but Buzz all told me about it a year before it's I'm right

I see my corrections in the water and the money to buy Buzz, Aldrin is going to the meetings and they tell em shit

yeah. I want to know you want to get to know about eating. I dont get it all this stuff. For here tell you was always told me in a year it

you're gonna be on the news that they discover war with a proper setting before they even sending a problem, the news they let India quote, find it.

Is the Eu S already found is already, but on the moon. God knows how many times the orders they got,

Military alliance Zile accepted. We think in the fifties. What do you think we got now? Do you think they have nuke women their bases on the moon while never get it all the stuff right? Don't you

Let's just say it server advanced,

 

think that they have some sort of a base out. There's, like I told you, I only Wiki or that so far away. Why, when they just

but on a desert somewhere. What is it?

am I p detected. Why?

or on the moon way back in June ha drop and

simple on you, our reality Buzz Albert tells me there in an hour India finds water, oh my god Buzz. I follow on Instagram and then come back to me with examples all the moon flags throw you unless all retirement

The moon impact probe, which classes

crash landed designated site on the Lunar South Pole on November. Fourteen two thousand eight had picked up some clue.

Their signatures of water, danish, twenty five minutes dislike crash.

Mr Near said at a press conference here in front of interest to a you know what, when it comes to space Alex, that's not your forte I but

 

want one thing I want to ask: both all during this time of year was, are above run on Instagram and then come back at me. What are you what you want with his instagram? What's up with bundles buzz, organizing, it's amazing? How is this like these

he's bawling ac,

did you see when the guy comes over yours, you're full crab erodes the managers punches email check this out. I wanted to ask you: what are you? What do you think is Trump going to do anything about the stratospheric aerosol injections write that down? I guess

I don't? We talk, we talk or not. I am cereals down right of talking about stratosphere, aerosol ingenuously. I can't get to the point you will. Let me you know what would you think

we must stop the nominal, just write it down right, let down the line,

 

question, although there that's the quite as a question you just want to get my five before Thou Jones is off the rails right for all the ring and we'll get the job. I don't have the right of downloading it because you ve been there.

We'll drop is from doing another problem.

To start with. What do you think the programme is adding? What is it

The programme as it

director of the sea is talking about an hour you to look John GINO brandy talking about strategies to try to resolve injections, it's going to cost ten billion dollars a year and there's going to be some countries opposed to it, because it's gonna mess up the right to travel. To me about atmospheric manipulation of dynamite, stratospheric g s. I never heard of that. It's a super important. We need to break down to three letters.

 

Let me go, let me John O Brennan admitted last June of two thousand sixteen at the fire. I saw the video common on it. Can you play

but let me tell me on oh brother John it wherever amateur, bashing you, but you, education, jokes about it, which I get because a lot of its bs there is an entire

atmospheric terraforming GEO Engineering,

violation and call? It came trails and of course, the c I a director,

maybe they have a huge problem bill among the gate.

Foundation owns the major patents on it from western

and others that use these big antennas to manipulate the whether they can.

China's like causing, usually like harp like horse

How could I should analogy? It's all

we classify think hard manipulates, whether they admit it. Does I used overhead of heart general Bitten, K, port, not all the time, but the exactly.

There's giant whether modification systems and there's whether wars between different governments and they did,

declared its explain to people who are listening. What harp is what it stands for high altitude,

 

something tat. I ve got a system that, supposedly you know to harp, really was on its classification. What does a stand for high frequency, active auroral research programmes or the idea behind this? Was they want?

do research on the aurora and did they want to see if they could communicate using it and set out your way. I want it out. Other eyes in right are right, yeah that and they also wanted

to be able to send radio signals, the places where they wouldn't really aright doesn't really go. What does that have to do with stratospheric their heart and it really go into the atmosphere

smart grids. I've interviews that, though, the private out of it largely ruffle

the Pentagon, let him on my: how does harpoon Wilma? How does harp work with the controls? Would it

Let me just goes on

only a my chronic amount, a small amount of what harp does is in the atmosphere, its bouncing off the

a laboratory hours

and then resonating back through in it in a deep earth communication.

 

Programme of satellites. Other things through the planet show itself

satellites through the satellites down the submarines,

here goes. This is an actual de definition. How harp works the facilities

Examiners scenario where he was accordingly: malicious reader, first waves upwards into the ionosphere between one hundred three and fifty kilometres of altitude, the resulting heating effect.

Creates irregularities in the electron density there, which in turn allows communication signals

from satellites to be relayed off the ionosphere. That solidarity does. Then they can

should the satellite frequency coated through the earth to submarine. Now what is

website from them? Shiner ain't James, us a bully. You want the real stuff, ok, yeah, sure

What the hell you lemmings! Why something?

need I have they have the heart programme on this, but I got contacted about ten years ago. They said the head of the heart project really liked your work. He liked it.

Come on areas online line like to come on a job body and about thirty minutes,

 

We can on the line,

sorry during a break and cut the guy off? Well,

Don't turn I mean is really happens to spooky music cues programme.

I believe you?

That's true. I want to know what I want to know that I want to know the relationship between what are the camp trails have to do. Do you think Trump is gonna? Look,

do the S eye, a project,

The CIA has green, let tee starting out with vaccines. As I told a bully would do and

to getting all the damage they cause autism. Merely though the ultimate that's good. To start the vaccines get that shit together to procure. But what about the essay? I

programmes at the CIA is green. Let you thank you,

 

and get into that other next level. You do. We want to be the case with his microphone, assuming blown up strong plenty to do we let yourself locked onto the like what is the problem with all this. As I say, I share most of what you see when you see those jets flying around those clouds behind him. Most of that is just say, added origin. Exactly the generic fuses, that, with a little rules, which are the real programme, will there's no you're right, and so is Joe because the world's complex there are secret and clauses secret and public programmes to test

population, the weather and whether systems the arrow

you're doing at the Chinese are doing. The Russians are doing people being clouds eating for a hundred yards from the clouds were down. You're too whether manipulation but they're doing it for

different penalties and that not to produce will lapse. Luckily, I had been living Kinnock on the head of the. U S whether weapon programme,

for twenty seven years on my show. First, because I saw

declassified? I saw you

 

the piano objections. I called him running a major clouds in company with his son and got the nine year old to Austin and then after

we totally free jack. As you see, I came to this house, do you want

the interviews on on Youtube. Do you want?

what he said. Yes,

the world WAR two

and the world or to the full, the first planes and hurricanes? Well what

What you're Amelia Atlantic, that's pretty gangs to add an empty?

I found that even faster in the Pacific

then he in a also let squadrons in Vietnam flooding everything up to ten feet of water at a clear blue skies than ours? What about with with their whither chemicals

it was about ass. You have to build up a superpower fly into a hurricane or a typhoon to Caesar scattered to holy shit anyway,

super bad. As you know, is alive, he's been living at. Ninety was still other thought at ninety can kick my ass one of loving

tax and I felt like I was there. I was ever anyways so so we're sitting there

 

give me all this dad and I can't believe it is always classified photos and stuff cuz. They just e class by the file. No one thought to call the old man from Lubbock or whatever.

French. I call him I'll get him on the agenda

watch people their company, threaten them the next week after aired, and he later

He said in ninety six, shadowy

certified of the same research institute that he was able to control Hurricane, create hurricanes and steer hurricanes. All that got black budgeted shut down.

And then they got into these are rage or they could use antennas, and out of that and Westinghouse came

came the leader of the whole heart programme shall, in the sixties they could create control and steer or kill hurricanes

That's why you, Google, now Bela Melinda Gates,

on all those patents and quote bill gauges,

save the world from bad weather. Bill Gates wants to stop hurricanes. Google,

so I so let me bill near ass, the weather machine when he paused for a second. How does the hundred? How do they manipulate a hurricane, so the hurricanes,

gonna happen how they break it up: ok, image,

 

It's coming into lands, their problem with with aerial arrays, projecting the sky. They can break it up or strengthen it or kill it or steering

It's all. Nato is doing that with harp. What I've got growth? They got heart basis,

the place they call him Doppler radar facilities O the government wants your level city to have dollar rate. Are I thought I was like tat? You could find a way to the screen. That's it like one tenth of one percent. They can create those arrays up that have imagined

you're likes might go and they do a little bit. Yak is no

he's all power, your town through the

popular radars control. In the? U S

a giant whether weapon,

in front of everybody in every town and city and poor rush

The Chinese are just discovering and all the u S is whether have as they can knock em all outright bill, gates, control the weather, ideas for barges to pump cold water from the dead,

the ocean to create some sort of a road block for the hurricane since Hurricanes Pope

 

Our from the waters warm temperatures, cooling, the water could have theoretically irrational less outriders mental hurricane. What somebody

good idea of the miners. Analyzing is salad. Genius idea, spray, cold water and discharges of going off the terrorists rails John O Brien, and is in the front of the sea as far as we are doing this because for global world

me, you gotta say, but you are right and you are right about social about about GEO Engineering. Contrails! You are wrong,

about the dinosaurs lobbying.

But hey what about that? They're they're coming

out saying: hey, there's gotta be some countries that there are there aren't gonna before it, we gotta

you gotta we're gonna, do with a heavy audio. Yes, the sacred yes,

The big slick, let them in relation to go with that, come on, don't change, subject, keep going. What that you have done would Livingstone. Imagine you're here, but a measure me Joe actually got me off on human. Europe are already doing later finish the s

 

I probably he doesn't know about this. I know about it, but it's my real. What do you know about the essay I programme? Let me get this

on what most of the real programmes are just like France for something else, Simon Real, so you don't think there

sprang shit into the atmosphere know there is a programme for GEO Engineering there's a programme in place, and yes, it is the Doppler radar system and a harp and what else and arrows

rang still the most effective and what do they do have pat when you wear aerial spraying, where they sprang barium. So,

limit oxide radioactive vices of burial. Moraine him in the air of a lion and anti alone was because, because it does, a bunch of things are testing a bunch of stuff there. There there manipulating thanks

listen, our political body of evidence, it they're doing nessus, brain aluminum, barium human embryo online and raise the portrait of energy. It's all public, just

a key just on line wants a Chinese do did Jack by a tiger the great that's out there. You know the Department of Energy dog of rain and you can

 

watch sea of arms. Cia directorate time, Brennan,

admitting all business is all public. Here they look at it. He talked about red nigh side. I saw the video to play the video and go over it if you want, because talking about various options for controlling global warming to lay out the future. Thank you.

Global warming is a guy, have only hold onset of global warming is real. We know it is right. Don't you

They want to have the all believe. Globalize real at the jealously. Measuring these temperatures and scientists keeps on cod failure and we're editors came out. That's emails. Bullets found out

let's find out what you actually want along these really gently with real ok, I've

given the high goes called they're. Always micro temperature is always live change. This ship surrounds the only thing that our habitats angry carbon taxes, that Al Gore one fix it. I think we'll we grant lives, but what I'm saying is there absolutely is global warming right?

what is this? You don't want to. I reminded the when my

I was a kid. The nineteen fifty four three four months

 

the year it was below zero or phrasing you had a chop would need Frazier S. Often all houses had even the south have had

YO had all sorts of of chimneys in them for fireplaces, because it was freezing cold,

and now there has been a warning period but

as part of a normal global cycle based on the sun. All these actions,

physicians for the hole

but clearly its carbon we put out the earth- is carbon starve. There

carbon cycle. That's the big we're gonna, get to the Globalist One,

tax evasion, tax oxygen, carbon tax

I'd water, sunlight. They have total control.

Over the whole life cycle of the planet. Let's play the video,

where the video this the C. I a guy talking about it, because what I inferred from it as it is with some sort of solutions. If global warming becomes a giant leap, sureness of friction, I known lobbyists who would watch out

 

Will you take them and what is the CIA? That's? Why do the media for global warming is a good question? What do they have to do? I don't know what does deal entitled intelligent communism there never built that. Stop the spread of communist right, but ass, an intelligence agencies that are part of the environment. They are part of the intelligence community and if they got hired, I would imagine is just me guessing right off the top of my head if they got hired to assess a threat and

at being from global warming like? What would we have to worry about? Are we really gonna lose cities? Do we really have an issue? There is going to give George Soros of the? U and total power for a one hundred trillion per decade, global tax to MIKE

managing survey I'll everything humans do pussy is of carbon toxic. They gotta surveillance. Thus they ever jurisdictional trawler lives. Ok, hold up, buys a debunked. Cia director admits, came trails, GEO Engineering, stratospheric aerosol injections, so

 

as a crime guys. This answer really wrote all in all it hold on hold on at the council admits GEO Engineering in the form of stratospheric aerosol injections. As I is taking place

cancer is taking place. I account trials and the robot

is nowhere in his speech, asean and mission that an essay I programme has already taken place. The part where Brennan mentions GEO Engineering is just one example out of several not often mentioned issues the CIA monitors for potential elements of it

stability in the world as a I programme

ever implemented, could penetrate conflicts and security threats if misused the CIA

His job is to consider all types of concepts, concepts for

tension, travellers and threats, including this science oriented concepts. That's totally, let me break down the right now possible, nor to everybody, but what that guy just said is that possible? Now that's basely, let Breaded said

boy saying is that there are potential threats, human, mentally. It's an issue rights these

 

admitting that he there's an essay. I are eliminated, ok go Tommy, Airbus

Bates? How many programmes are all the specific slaughter? Let's classified you,

Google, China Margin,

major, whether control operations, ten years right or Qatar,

or Saudi Arabia or you, UK. Are your people have studied none of that right? There's they call it study a giant

in two thousand and five, the Department of Energy Programme for aerosol testing, with five billion dollars ear shall under

This code, Tuttle fifty chapter, thirty, two sub section, one thousand following twenty eight paragraph b- is that true,

that right, yes,

 

from mars- Under- U S code, you live on that Arbalist TAT was a fucking. Let me just show you. I remember the time last time, G2 look at how, under you must go title fetish ever thirty thousand Father twenty I'd rather be that's, that's insane under say its low, that Jamie write it up jewish code job fifty jabber fast, remember,

less code title. Fifty

chapter. Thirty six months of our twenty by rubbing subsidy

one hundred and twenty eight, the real, fast brain were actually fact speed,

species would say yes, like one thought you Jesus yours, Jabber, hardly lucky knows: attacks wonders restrictions on use of human subjects, for testing of camp trails, girl go back back back there go or by

 

logical agent site. Now what they do- and this is they say it's illegal detest. Unless it's for research that under a lottery, you kill people, it was for research park. You know that's how some of those japanese Wheeler vessels get away with killing whale still. They say it's for research purposes and they killed the whales and sell them

dark shit you're the only as are the AIDS or the mask science. Everything engineers now will you be the big secret mountain view on ass? I do I'm not kidding,

I know I'm not saying it's everywhere. They call there the high priest, their scientist right there, engineers they're, allowed to kill people test stuff on kids in jet black people,

fill us with all the declassified of because they

Our scientists, all the real

the EU should urge tortures are most evermore p,

by making decisions are doctors and

so it's all medical doctor staff in this big breakaway civil

nation of scientists, ok, and so that's what they built at under under

 

the research provisions they can even kill anybody they want. I want to go back because we took eddies turn on cam trails, but we did at the side tracked from what you were saying about the moon, and I want to go back to what you're saying, because you are so

there are two completely different missions and one of em

is real and that there was

some sort of contact with aliens

No, I was yet another saying I had it turns out you're implying tat. Well, I added Wilson

So there is an ongoing. I was told by top NASA

individual romantic that indeed there was a break.

A programme, and that he heard and saw a tree

and missions on some back channels of reach.

Feeds and advance ships that he'd never even shame. That, basically didn't look like.

Or anything that he can imagine that was classified, and you knew about some classified programmes for every program. You saw

There was at least ten programme supersecret, that's about it by massive ninety percent, sacred or more

and so he knew about a cloud, much less what programmes and he was seeing transmissions and things coming back and talk to people about

 

breakaway program? They said that a lot safer, a lot bigger than the moon, and they had guys up in orbit just basically said that even other foreign governments from the trajectory point with it. They were getting transmissions back from the moon,

so there are people out basically outside of the regular ordinary. Just go round in circles wears a GEO,

during his way and one spot rang transmitting back from mathematical spot? Look like trans measure to fool the Russians, everybody, although

measure was going on on the moon. So you

believe they went to the moon, do think. Did it was Buzz Aldrin and not on O Neil Armstrong regulatory everything that he shut up

Would you tomorrow at dude? That's like a movie

He told me: how did he tell you everything and then he

just totally was crazy, but he didn't Medea that what the public got was. Thank you

he couldn't get a jolly well there's some footage from the moon

It looks so ridiculous and most,

 

you'll, never see some footage of them that but here's there's the biggest

population. This is one of the really big ones, Santa Claus that there was a lot of footage that they did where they were doing tests that they wound up. Jesse using for press

releases, the using like to say this is actual

a job that they write stuff for the project because they want to

guaranteed of it. A real, however, advise the truth, but there was a thing with Michael Collins, Gemini fifteen. There was a test photo of him with. I got a test

re gone and it was like suspended and you can see the background behind him. It was clear that is suspended on wires and they took that

same photo and black it out and used it as oppressive,

of him on an actual spacewalk, but it's a scam

exact Yoda our stuff yeah. They do that, where they just go over within backed uneasy, actually use an exact on Irish, my dad when he was like a junior and ice calls on the plan to programming beauty and they already have.

CD, roms and computers, and they had a nuclear.

 

Under you t. Nobody knew about, and my dad do about this house, a teenager and our

like later go the labyrinth going to find it, Google

Similarly in the news, but I've gotta you to talk to him,

oh yeah, you know, but the reactor in the building of reactor also got in

and then no one even know that often has to declare

actors and north, asked what yeah diplomas by those for you. I was everyone's ecology

he's a reactor under which building in Austin Texas, it's big,

so big railway system under there, but it's it's built right under

right under legacy jester, so

a nuclear reactor in Austin Texas. How many people know about this.

You know it's in the literature to my dad's, only about it. When I was a kid, I thought you might not believe my dad. My dad told me about a Dallas hospital was killing people for their organs

Point that, unlike six years later, I thought of sixty minutes whites they would killing people for organs really deliver.

In Dallas was on sixty minutes yeah. My dad said

 

I was sixteen. Fifty intake drivers course said: don't sound on organ donor, Carano, hospitals, Achillea, cheese and Daniel.

Getting us now I've. He was an oral sergeant, Rewire Georgie's. I've heard this one killed people

is. This is why the creepy as things you every time I get asked me, can you imagine? Doctors are get kickbacks for organs. That kind of, let them see age, Austrians, are seen as the highest cast by the elite. So there

Poland all the stuff from Italian. You knock creepy would be like to find out that a nurse at your work, which is killing people

but that's a store that happens over an overhaul of creating a smart killer. There's been a bunch, they gonna pay, so they get no! No! No! No! No! No! I shall be illegal. These nurse jobs that signal nurses decide they don't wanna, take care, something they poise them. They there

have someone who may be someone's dying slow and they don't like it may just like get tired of dealing with their bullshit sorrow that Taiwan is a drastic Ojala times a sadistic

been a lot of your horse, and I have about facts you're actually on target you don't

 

I think I will worsen you. You not. I argued on everything everything I know, and your aunt argues pretend you're not

no one knew that document of Utopia head like that, so rain man must have been obsessed with cam trails right,

No, I know about it. A hearty other people see, I remember, that's gotta crazy mine. I used to have all regimentals about thirty five, and now it's getting worse.

Steals that problems of our remember. But I want to tell you guys the Bay

actual has carefully as the big into where these headphones. Now the problem is when we don't have headphones. I we talk over each other. I it's hard when three people talk unjust, she'd nazi to suit. Now it's none of our fault. It's just now. I gotta conspiracy, you you're! U R Bill Hicks

now some younger than him totally.

For an ivory. I love how either that success its

will. They actually was a funny gotta Gimme, a frigate brakemen early

another families, common foreign said: please stop the people saying you're

 

Let's all control these damn people don't worry about that. Put the haven't back. We have refine, so I needed

I don't know what do you know about aliens and how much our

aliens, real look. This is really big. Ok,

airport on the show that media this out. But the question is: what does Donald Trump?

about a year was, you know now right disease in the office. I don't know it's doubt would be the first.

Thing, Rogan experience deserves that. A first thing I did, I would run to the office and I go Who'S- got the documents,

who's the alien documents, who's gonna who's got em. That would be the first

I would want to rank cheer. Sir Launcelot boring shit

I got a robot, you never have to. Piss are limited. We might best please deep recent

the proclamation wanting what he is gone, but am I

 

wrong to still hold out hope that aliens are real, because I tell you, as one of two guilty pleasures fair still cling to his big foot and aliens. Those are to take

not so much? I wish he was real, but I just don't. Are you ready? Yes, they were true now come on daddy. Are you ready

as some of you, the big uncharted Joe, thereby aliens in this room right now for real yeah you're. Not of this world brought me you're the ailing

well, I didn't know it's like gum. There was like an old comic book about that, but some dude who was forgetful per

ass. Her then he realized at the end of it. He was actually an alien from another planet that same sent down here to monitor people just forgot: well, here's what daily

leave. Em wanted to write letters. We alter its context.

I know that I can prove thank you.

People, can you handle that ok, really surprised

how much you knew every angle of so called pizzagate that I forgot wilds to meet more. Obviously, we

 

have children, and when you hear someone that wants to molest children did its

special kind of evil to special kind. You are in its it's also a special kind of bizarre twisted sickness that the human mind put like is is capable of logic,

We ve got a horse programming on care, kids, and we need to do something very crazy about people's brains and this fund, something very crazy about

of the weird variables that can potentially happen aggravate. We will all

sort of weird crazy aberrations and standard behaviour. In like this, the standard behavior, but people that are just normal folks who got kids. I got kids I'll get

Can I get a reply to you sit down. You have a couple of beers. Laugh you Joe have again, I Bob going Steve. That's fucking normal shit

right when you're normal in theirs normal people around. Here you assume that everybody is basically a good purse. We all our problems normal lower gorgeous. That's your wife comes in the bedroom. She even going you don't

 

get a five year old. Think that's what I want now! There's some you! What you try say. Is there some people out there that have this horrific programming, whatever the fuck it

that causes it is a bunch of psychologist trend, speculate, figure out,

causes, but if we beat the habit of all, but the thing is its real and its

terrify here tonight it's going on? We can't tonight's real and it's all set like Chicken Jared from Subway the subway guy, the subway guys in jail for being a pitiful.

What are you doing to Emma? They usually have intelligence and there

armies were fighting a pitiful conspiracy, but beyond that it's a

vampire conspiracy, and that they are

Energy mentioned sucking the essence of our youth right and

their possessed by an off world entity. They do and then Joe Abbot,

twenty years and I'll don't get into aliens medicine

you call religion that I've studied the elite and I've also

a lot of the top people them and, if you want to know, I will actually breaking.

 

Right now. The best knowledge right now what's happening on the planet what's happening. Let me have your basic. Just, stop, ok, love when you can use that word.

Full confidence. I never said that. Let me give you a basic just stalled. Guy got such a fraud, no you're, not you're nominated

I think, if I use that word now, you'll get all this majority have not static. Azure, bookworm research work good way. The

Lee are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe, and they want to know all this summer, good summer, bad summer mix, but the girl

ones don't ever want to organise the battle

so I want to organise because they lost for power. Powerful consciousness is dont want to dominate other people, they wanted powers, they don't tip

gather until things are really late in the game than they come together. Evils always defeated because goodest

much stronger and we're on this plan.

And Einstein's visit showed it MAX. Places has shudder, offers at least twelve dimensions, and now that's all

the top scientists in billion over coming out, saying it's a false hollow,

 

ram. It is artificial. The computer,

scanning at in finding tension points where its artificially projected again.

Cavities bleeding in to this universe. That's what they called dark matter. So we're like a thought or dream. That's a wisp in

computer programs some gods mind whatever their proving

Tal coming out now, there's like

shove transmissions zone below the third dimension, the chest

and over the most horrible things, what it resonates too? And it's trying to get up into the third dimension that just a basic law

consciousness to launch into the next levels.

Our species already way up in the first six dimension, consciously our best people, but there is big ward,

I too, like basically destroy

humanity because humanity has free will and there

decision to watch

however, we want to go to. We have very well so evils allowed to come and content, and not just good and the

themselves,

leave their regime.

 

Or using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization, where they're gonna marry

what machines transcend and break away from a failed state

CS. It is man which is kind of like a false trance

I should because their thinking what they are is ugly and bad, projecting and under themselves.

Set of believing knowledge, a human test about building us up, and so Google was set up

eighteen eighteen nineteen years ago this was I know about this report was declassified. I'm saying I sources that they wanted to build

giant artificial system and Google believes that the first

artificial intelligence will be a Schubert computer, but

on the neuron activity

of the hive mind of humanity with billions

people wired into over the internet askance, and so all of our thoughts

go into it and we're actually building

computer. That's real neurons in real time! That's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures, so that they will have current prediction powers.

 

Future prediction powers through Crystal Ball, but the big sacred, as once you have

crystal ball and know the future. You can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future. And so then it's the

end of consciousness and free will for individuals, as we know, and a true

to point out a very bad way hive my conscience

with an jack and everyone, knowing our hopes and dreams delivering it

it, was not in some Piquet De Wire at system where we plugin and give up unconsciousness because of unlimited pleasure, but because we were already wired and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system.

Our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system. There is now

when Counterstrike taking place to shut this all before

falling into place and block these systems and to try to have an actual.

Bade about where humanity goes and cut off the pedophiles

vampires that are control,

 

there's a I system before humanity's destroy women. Humanity has only control the way. I think that the pedophiles

getting control pet, the pedophiles at whatever level, the devil where

We call this unidimensional day that gives them advanced offworld technology to fall on. One side of this world is giving them

That's not what I wanna talk to run a little systems. What has already been used before on other populations? Why that Satan

body we are talking about. Let's say they explain,

species is now making a decision where you allowed its entire future when getting answers

from that's what it is, but where you getting, I know

you know in the news or tv right. This is an international force there.

The influence us to build something that absorbs,

in kills us rather than the divine

free will were given to build something much better.

That empowers the species so the

Pcs is now making a decision. Will you come out its entire future when getting us from from that's what it is, but we

you getting, I know from from looking at all

the data researching in studying at work

 

watching the enemy. That's the big decision that humanity

is now got before us? So

of your directing someone to investigate this on their own. How would they do that?

So you say: here's the problem. You get some place. Finally, indeed: research, where it's what every culture

already said when everybody knew what they're telling your movies like Prometheus, what the elite admit the New York Times

believe it is this. You know she

goodbye, offworld systems hands Vermeer. Yes, everything everything there doing points

If you read their own writings, they believe

where this ugly fallen ugly species

we're. Are we to be killed there? The?

millionaires. Horrible,

the knowledge and they're gonna marginal machines and become

as a goal, and I love it, don't you think than most people who extrapolate from where we stand today with our cell phones and our apple watches and our integration with the computer and the internet constantly? Don't you think that most people see there's

 

be some sort of symbiotic connection. It's very easy thing that relating it before I understand, but a lot of divorce amiable your problem who engineered what we were given. What is the point of the back door? The Trojan horse,

here's what I'm doing Yahoo engineered? What here's we urge Israel Johnny Leap, the elite

literally believe, Inter dimensionally, they were given this,

information on and built it and here's the thing they built it and Google admits

You would have data dumps to wire two years ago that they're building an AR in human consciousness free will and take over and the

ex species will rise out of that they are

we decided our species. But people been time. Marshall Mcluhan was talking about at fifty fucking years. There's the old they built it Amazon two years ago. Admit

they can already with ninety percent certainty, pick what's wrong

Your users are going Alec before they horizontal, read it instead of dragging this out to some nefarious end is entirely possible that all these future is all these technological in

 

They all they all see the same end game and there's gonna be some sort of

please migration, migratory people, but it's been artificially on that historically

everybody saw this coming right, and so this big futurists, all the people that started field Fort before silicones,

who created the flash.

Mcluhan, I think it was in the nineteen seventy said that human beings are the sex organs of the machine world

and he was saying even back then that human beings are eventually going to integrate

or become something that's apart. What I'm telling you is there's a centralized system of water bill

What is it naturally occurs to? Who is that were artificial? He was really the

each believe they're getting off world honoured and building these things you just describing right now

and, if you actually rebate all the global say, if I was, you are the right. As you know, the show they are getting not offworld but entered

National communications too, didn't build. This system

 

we see lowers are iq, makes us live last. I've never makes his unhappy, but when you making these big statements like they ve getting into dimensional signals as telling them to create these systems that lower, I accuse that's somethin, you got a really prove

Where? Are you sure you're? Ok, please! If there's something you all, the studies show screening

I'm all the computers, lowering our cue lowering fertility, although here that it must not be right, there was not a case. Is that a case of is somebody here

a gun to your head? Let me tell you about me: I'm addicted this goddamn thing

of watching television videos. I love love, taking pictures shit. I love

while the determination of humanity. It has a lot of beautiful works. It does but I'll tell you the very addictive. The very directive

hold on a second? Let me stop you're right there

I don't necessarily think that's engineered to be addictive. I think it's engineered to be really well in the fact work really well and the fact that it works really well is very addictive. Just like little kids look at a screen, you put a fuck

 

television in front of them when there's one year old and early some stupid, commercial and they'll, I won't show they pay for it hold on a second nobody. Men are unknown, though they may better hold on a second. They made better and better

knowledge that we're not designed to absorb human beings of?

actually sit me with every day the exact

dna that we did ten thousand years the Atlantic and there was nothing like television. There was nothing like movies. There was nothing like stereo headphones and projected elicited Joseph rather you're going you're crazy, we're like it settled. Morleys you're interrupted my crazy rent,

telling you that this is a natural progression of this massive and

fatuous that we have the technology. They dont have to engineer it. Its natural

Do you have to say that any body whose looking cooler and cordiality attacks movies- all that

of is a natural energy jobs. Wouldn't let us kids play that I've had well, then he's a cut he's a cut.

 

But you, kids via the guy, is fucks wrong. That we set right ran, not disagree without you interrupted at ten times. You thought let a motherfucker ran like we're done rather than some don't know, shit

who cares about going about this? When I talk about the weather adding to their renewal, let me tell you right now: let me turn now

Claire,

my house down things being set up to control. Ok, what I'm telling you you mean you're talking about the elites and into dimensional signals of their receiving that are telling us to lower. I q. You can't just say that need proof. Ok, let me give you prove that

sounds so crazy by the well all its own

I wonder where the aliens also proved they honour. I, you know what it's really cool. The same computer simulations was, though, everybody talks about that everyone says you're, not you're, not nobody. There saying that will make you had your not easily easily,

yeah we're in a computer simulation. But then, when you talk,

Inner dimensional, like magical shit

 

wait. A minute. Exactly magic is a technology that has a majority exact,

we have the videos are fuckin magic for short gag. If islands in Ireland we you- and I can do right now- and we go look here- we'll do it right now. This is what's what we're gonna do. We're gonna go

right now you wanna talk some magic. Is this really is fuckin magic, we're going to do it

Grandma penalizing lived right now. We're doing in Amsterdam live we're doing like one little instrument of lorries, lions containing several wars, that this is a whole new design, new thing young, Jean Marie FUCK.

This has never Julia lighter alive.

Occasionally added pulling a you got a little longer than you. Let me go below them bad apples on

What's that we're gonna go out and find, and why a pen to our position

 

no, you know, is light weight of drinking coffee. I drank one of these kill. Cliff coffee drank one order of butter. Coffee did I go line. Is gone of drinking this air want conspiracy, conspirator somebody. I had two glass, the whisky, that's bullshit and these bitches european P

I stand holding something I'd, take credit to all break when it's all that stuff that those was his rent.

Sure we're going back to that she's deftly highs

Did we get the stuff about pause?

audience Tellingham, some fuckin, exactly crazy shit like oh, my god, I'm too tired, you're gonna get us all we got on my. I knew that was of key to make this park ass. Hooper special was what he asked.

 

The whisky himself, so he started deposit yours or has that is or that are not as a gentleman thousand live listeners. This is generally the latter yeah. There's a record a big time record. You actually two thousand lacquered holy shit. Gentlemen Jack is this: is they send us less right? Good? I mean good and in all his terrible, like

are you suck it on the devil's asshole disgusting me? That's gotta have the vote. A whiskey is that its disgust to tell I shall allow Instagram. I love a lot of people thought that this was a conspiracy because any went live on, Instagram live and you disappeared. So there was a lot of talk online ever existed. There are now confronted or about earlier inability, globalist, our John Hume, and they think we're about you, dumb animals, where the aliens their curing shot. They believe it's not aliens that international aid does that have to do with the loose

variant Freemasonry type Shut,

 

bones: stolen bone breakdown, free

as I know that the Albert Pike wrote the pre Mason Bible, he started mountains. A ferry and ships of your four remain until early in my hand, says they each other about the technical go for it or for tell me,

Albert, our pike annoying. I want to give every Joe here's a vague, Joe you you brought in right this point about I wilderness ITALY. Dear point, could you give us an obligation in the first place? We, but of the whole point,

about number we'd Alex

no man in ports and, above all, good. When you realize you, you went to deal with the aim of encouraging the smoke you talk and uptake of new entrants. I'm trying to download this, not yours, you're nice! Certainly I wanna be nice. Your great guy look, I

 

man. I'm happy to see what I'm telling you this is that the globalist admit a lot of this. It's in a lot of their white papers, all the report's women. It should give it to you. I will

they say they believe they're gonna become gods. The rest of us

profane about another shit about international beings, given him all the data when he says that, come there,

you. You know where the theory of

of the species

and were all the Darwin stuff came from

where he had elucidation unbelievable, given all the stuff from like demons,

I'm not saying that you are confusing Darwin Descartes knowledge, storm, didn't Descartes!

isn't he the one that I came out of the idea of silence science from a dream, love Darwins idea, came down what was like really into watch handling and stuff? Here, yes, in the guise of your generosity, actually does ok. What I would say is the calculate the guy that yeah a lot of those guys ass long ass. They get a technology, they believe

 

a friend of dementia people's lives here and now all about this much is have you Joe, and you sit there and act. Like you don't know. I forgot about right to give you all. It's all the information you have a say on the shelling, Joe no voters Mars, but you know I bring it up, then you say among others into dimensional, but I just want to know where its capacity has legitimately desolate small scale show me showed it showed Darwin image, but no

Jamie already known, although you probably know that I know the Darwins partner, the guy that developed the theory of evolution where there were they both have like a similar theory and together with it- and he was I Greeley and knew it to the point where you mustn't channeling. Also, it's weird stuff only knows this discredited him I'll, listen, you're, real, that's what they believe. I'm not saying it's real Siemens Gonna have me up your uplifting out its own of saint of saying they discredited him. They just put all the emphasis on Darwin. That's what you only know about Darwin. It's ok from working for me

 

that's faced him, but if we want to give up the aliens come, I know you think you're going

back to Gaza, we holier than I do. We do you gotta start there, which is spoken right. You don't know shit like this very right. I love it. I'm a man only just I pleaded nursing. If you look at this, that's what I'm telling you I dont believe it. Ok, I'm telling you study what the establishment Billy

None of my they all believe they're getting international staff should be your back to Dalton and Wedgewood and Huxley

recognize always names. If you go back to Darwin, Darwin wrote this these letters these publicly republican, reduce online from it.

National, your royal archives in England, stuff

all believe they were all part of a secret breed

programme or the british thought they would have liked a superhuman if they bread these six families together to live

create this? Like mainline british Extra, this violence is known, eugenics, etc, and then Galton

 

whose related always other guys in eighteen. Fifty see stars

these ideas. These says, there's a double helix was the snakes for for science and medicine, and he said we're gonna discover that

he's in the building blocks alive and he said, is going to call biometrics and will track everybody. By reading there, genetics is what Hitler freaked out about picked up and something,

Like a of the fourteen new sciences like half or more than half the sciences that came says, the eighteen sixty were all from Galton and all

Darwin so the media in the liberals, Gimme there's one thing: origin of species like

closing its water right. It's super having like galactic stuff. They give. This

you. This is only one little boil down bs it we'd. Have you gotta what these

really wrote. They were like inner marrying and involving wicked seances and channeling and and and

this weird ass, crap,

 

then they envisioned ok, was about what he likes. Dna discovered, ok, biometrics, ok, we're gonna, be ok, computers, ok, atomic weapons, Gimme the equations and they were

all them like going other scientists means ago. We believe, as a programmer you'd take different matter too,

other initiatives that will cause an explosion and it's like they were like. Given

either humans are super advance already had this knowledge or somewhere else in our genetics and were pure before and were able to them.

First MR genetic memories and archives or it was given,

of world, but humans like have

this data compacted and can press ready, like probe,

It was then called like the acacia record. Just like you mean all of that is is is a cautious and ethically fanatics. Here's the epigenetic they'll take chickens with eggs and new tin generation

a major universities that have never seen a hot and they put him in these. Like these

when you foot ceilings and I'll have a triangle

over a square flyover little baby chickens, networking generate

our generation go on for fifteen years.

 

They fly one hawk over and they all squawk yelling screw

may. I run into their nest now

I never saw hawk and never saw killer chicken declaration generation two June was was compressed data knowledge of the hawk that is

asked on genetically yeah. They say that's

children are always afraid monsters.

Tigers and bears used to be tat. My son just wants to be changed so much. He wants the practice getting away from a predator loves that the mouse he wants to get

where you can catch me,

everyone wherever it may sound predators. You can't fight thing, get the fuck away from that time

the zoo in China. I recommend you do that.

Sounds good news, fear of a good, not

even in my local, using analogy we want gloves you I'll I'll admit that I was like. Oh shit. We share a little

we but then

 

you're right about down you're bringing in Ukraine by the ideas about strong, keep a girl. You gonna good place right now. Keep a gun you talkin about

now you're getting into our pike, while he's the founder of the decades of top confederate General heavily Illuminati worldwide.

Time. So, let's establish something. That's like maybe people there

and this might go what the fuck are. These guys Ramadan that lot, exposing that supports establishes throughout history from the beginning.

Of organised human secret knowledge Folkestone. A passenger who has also been people can lie, ring to control whatever ass, a silent and people conspired to control whatever aspect of it, whether its political, whether it's the military, like whatever it is, there's always been that it's always happened has been military coups all throughout history. These

wars all throughout the United States should set a peaceful unbroke hausa I mean to the intelligence.

ITALY tall it out of economic loveless, he'd, eddies ass! You do

 

intelligence community leaked out what data they liked, although it here

Makes he's over her saying, aren't regionally broke out on saying that the Russians didn't do it now? Really. I know this.

Because the mainstream media seller hold I'm age, Joe Gimme a break to nine

No, actually, I don't know how you know if you ever have. You know me for like security, seventeen years, yes,

ever going to say I have a source, I'm gonna be honest. No, no no mean I've got

for supposing. I can't tell us how you know. Let's just say I got down today from a head of state and what he said I can tell you voted on time.

The point is, if you didn't tell me what the phrase we screwed up,

listed early, so cause products. By now russian diverse we mean on purpose. Matters must now that the hardline thank as theirs.

Intelligent people, like my students, like you hear that you believe the rush,

it's hard to beware how does so. Why must I believe that your? Why you saying that the intelligence agency leaked all this and not Russia.

 

Because I was told before it was all leaked by the former director of psychology.

Deliberations, the CIA come up, he told

you there's gonna be late yeah before I was never why, in view of the CIA,

a veritable from a CIA and as a defence intelligence, you name it over the years. I mean it.

The news that entirely possible general flan, former adage intelligence tweets on my articles. I'm not sure

Even some secret, I mean re enemy knows. The point is

that I'm she was honest person that understanding,

I'm out for humanity. I dont want peace

power, young and old people, but is

entirely possible emulate. How does it information like that get out? Well, there's an open rebellion,

The criminals have jacked our government, and so we overthrew the global.

Send Obama and we're taking em over in France and ITALY in Spain

in Greece. In the UK, though, I place we're on successful so far as Canada, so we just took Australia about, took us right

 

with the idea of Marie homage aside it. What does that mean see? Most people start brag about stuff, I'm telling you it's really you're, not wearing one of those who are still here I mean

mobile list are losing countries every month right now to the liberty mobile. What what says that these are what I would have you have all their then why do you and your family to be successful and aren't out

hurt you and make you poor like the globalist there's good people and they used the entire

oceans, agencies to defeat the global

there's been a major counter offensive and the global

made one wrong move it out at five years ago. It was. It was the system,

I, like four years ago, I've had

see I was blowers. All Obama show colonels special operations. You name it who were authorized by

I level senators come on my show they ran away

honor curve. There was a deal mainly radical Islam to actually take over Europe, and then the United States, and by that make us can not convert but submit, is law

not criticise. What are they blow stuff up? They thought they brilliance

You know new masculine arm, though it make us

 

met and it got so

even our own intelligence agencies that we had been corrupted settled.

It's too far, we're not doing it and so on

about four years ago, started coming back up for air and now we're just.

We're, throwing all system. There is a huge war going on beautiful. We we're kicking. There asked on every front now, like I said at the top,

it's a if it's that, at the dawn of a new age you work

ass George, W Bush current Obama

all your letter republic, our democratic you work for you.

Against government, but now it's a new day now the consumer,

seafarers, like yourself, you're, the king of em, we're pro government and the sheep. There

our protest in crime explain that, while I'm lonely trumps pervert key

really genuinely is like going and all these corporate and

one sided deals, there's no meetings dollars a lobbyist. He ban them all for lifetime here

 

literally, goes on with actual worries and computer programs and

with sugar and eyesight technology that, even before he was an

He says, cuz, the generals came to him years ago there. So we deliver all almost everybody. We don't wanna make America poor. We don't want to have big wars, who wonders tat, prosperity, sir? We ve got

next to free energy. All these technologies cures for cancer, we're ready to release it. That's why talk about the state of the union or his his first inaugural and does it will be the second and he just really cares about humanity and he's not a say

he doesn't like ripping gives you like super hard. They show european women.

Once that there was a little girl. You know just he somebody now to get humanity and he's got the intelligence agencies totally back into the hill

and it's just a super epic moment to be life. What's going on so forward, trot

hold on one second. So what do you think

 

Gwen you you said earlier in the podcast, you don't think it's perfect right. What do you think he could do different? That would make people accept

well, I said last what he should do about. Torture treat his next day just magical areas,

designs? And you came up with the idea that what did you say this about tortures Zeit guys and I'm in design guys so in that zone

as you can see everything right, even though you're like just a normal person, you can live

Looking at any avenue anyone your take on it is that it's good to have him in, despite whatever flaws people may proceed. Well, he wants prosperity and he's not a part of the system that he replaced

while there are legacy and he likes full grown women. Ok, I believe that you can have say that

for now, but I'm just I'm just Georgia and most people are serious. Both like they're, like eradicate out your backyard and torture for couple weeks. The kid map gaiety,

 

we're sure they re always thought that would combine emails what's going on in like well, these are kind of exhaust or about every time for you to get in there. Some of these are damaged.

Look I'm up even going on. I believed you look. I don't know what we take us in. A big old guy comes into just breaks their jobs. So any central point after we gonna, oh yeah. What? If successful is an entire route, like a lot of people, aren't just gettin in dire right now, they're getting take

right now about the Vatican. They are, then. What is I was that worries about in their own country level, stop trapeze the devil, stopping it. You think we ve got stopping that's the Vatican's gather,

pet of all central issue. Their pants overdrive. The Vatican is so bizarre, Yacu trunk, going after the vat against a country Gracie amount. It is easy

Why? Because I wouldn't want you this is this is what they Alex. I always thought,

 

How weird is it that everybody South Park is making a goddamn episode about them?

pedophiles nobody's investigating, what's goin on here. So to me you didn't you

conspiracy of silence. I documented they never got worries about the whole network. They realize. Oh shit, note the reason my

opinion is the reason. No one's getting arrested at the vat again at a high rate. Anyways is because everybody at the top is involved.

Let me with the Good NEWS, I'm not here to kiss the asked the establishment, alot patriots in the government

I have always criticise, ended up being the people that heard me better.

You betcha do something they done something in there,

really trying to reverse this whole thing right now and there is a full out war inside the government of guys like each stakes, drink beer and haven't women versus a bunch of pot belly pitfalls. Oh Jesus Christ. What's really fucked up

Is it the people that, before the Sandusky thing came out, the people rounded problem,

 

heard rumors. That's probably someone to talk someone. It says something, but nobody really wanted to believe it. Well in that area,

did happen. Well,

spurs your silence. Is a documentary can wondering I another guy released they're talking about the base, the headquarters of the pedophile network? That's that's an international network

is in Omaha Nebraska at boys town. They they like taken orphans, orphans, there's different levels. There's guys

we didn't want any trouble. They does what words and can only send Annesley cycles. They want to go kidnap. There's like that.

Hard core people, and you know what they're top officials and in every aspect of government and a celebrity. It's not everybody, but it's enough said there's enough

 

bull involved that nobody's investigating anybody, because they're all involved, they all better, keep their mouths shut. So crazy. Something gets the level of the catholic church got to where the notary Vienna here, and we must prevent a conversation myself, an ultra yes sure go fail out of use minimum

We do it. She who cares media, madam, he was wrong. I know my one of those who had a drink of this is a time areas is go now. Trump basically said we're going to clean it up Alex. We know all about it, Alex stop him.

Am, I am we're gonna do it. They also said Obama's from Kenya, while that was when that's a huge intelligence, hop you

the right that, don't you know about Reagan, it was also about our security. Software. Now can tell you the full scoop on that right. Would you think up now know exactly what they told him? The bomb was from Kenya, they fucked with them on a yes,

 

Ok, I was gonna tell a transfer, but if you do that, Google, to my mind, I was to learn from storage and we'll go regularity store

bravo: yeah Jamie, you better add extra just times here, Joe Apple juice. What it would

maybe not Alex Command a cigarette. One crisis

Give me five hours. If you pay Miller, Dreyer Minors, I might have

Gambling is another dimension of yours seven years, so we only use about say what was that what was issued Jesus Christ do remember what the question was Jamie. What Donald Trump

told you now? That was an as yet no you're about to say what Donald Trump told you know knows about. You want to know about something else, what they want

but let's leave but hold on a second leave off fuckin with my memory. What was it you

Just you are just give up, I'm not the only one I shouldn't have Emory, not an hour to discuss,

 

The terms are not we term Jamie's gonna figured out Jim. You can figure out what is it that will not come into

I was gonna tell him on twitter and we'll figure this out. Jesus Christ and then

right, is problem with being too

and talk and reach us was about to tell us how you know your machine government trump card. They were at a hundred times a week on average known for a long time to our show known this year. Long as progress, we will definitely Peter out with

than now look for ever do it is.

No one knows what the fuck we're just talking about a minute

How do we are only partially all forget your question, because we're blasted knew better. You gonna Kyar, dispensary

 

Man is so you were talking about the vat again we're talking about pedophiles and the Catholic Church Certificate. That's right, the all powerful to react telling what that does not place. We're not ashamed of this because I got conned were not what I would call vocabulary every once in a while

I admit it later. We learn from our Nokia. What happened did Buzz

don't let it go on out. We told you a funny Bonanno Kenya, Kenya,

Well, ok, Kenya,

everything I want to say your listers can write this down. They can search engine everything I want to say, and

choose for themselves, because all the journey within four wars is. It is not that I'm that smart, I'm just like you I'm having this journey, and I want to show you so this is what our ok Obama's runner for office and Hilary people have fallen is everyday Hilary campaign.

 

This letter came out, push up he's born in Kenya and I'm like a screw her. I was quietly and I'm really ashamed of this, but I told listeners this on the said I was. I was literally on Obama supporter in

wanted to try to unify people. I didn't like John Mccain Sassetta he's bad

rats your bad, but I hated what had happened so Mozilla fooled by Obama, to where I was

all right, let's get a little time and it was an Obama support. I didn't attacking you liked it better than the alternative yeah indebted pushing for office. I was just like hoping that always be a shrill show short here and there.

Leagues, that was from Hilary legal Google to sit Hilary first progenitor,

aided the whole all deal show I'm sure,

 

their hearing dead, dead, she's born in Kenya, something out of here that's much bs and then the article start coming out as the right wing picture, that does the research and its his wife and my two thousand and six and seven in speeches going. My husband born in Kenya knows about the immigrants experiences video. You can pull up machine

we have brought up and then and then Harvard LAW Review, which he headed up for at least three years. He was the editor he says I was born in

A little bit. He bore, buys penury. Oh yeah says he wasn't born. Can you would like it?

so that was just like pizza. Get it let us finally,

 

are now that no double cross its, not not pedophilia, behold islets hearsay testing, which is still plaguing so many of our communities, which you all know a lot about, is due to homophobia. Iraq has lead by example. When we took our trip to Africa and visited his home country in Kenya. We took a public HIV test.

For the very point of showing folks in camera, that doesn't mean that he was most likely liner club. He just found that fast,

another where she said enters the Harvard LAW Review, which he

where he says. I would warn against ok we'll that, but it should have.

There was she soon as his homeland like a year from Ireland,

and I want to go back to ITALY or Ireland or yeah, that's only when they called the homeland, but because it was just going on about recovering. Can you shrimp approach? Has ever get area so you're drunk on involving all that

 

Aubert's report will join Nano was so. How did it? What did someone like leaked out information him to try to make him look foolish because he chased after yes show

or just researchers out of my family, my foolish so do you think they just may be made an incorrect that we found out all about it. This is stunning information show.

People want to say, he's illegitimate. They then

get him in a Harvard LAW review change, one again you they look at clubs. They look at the facts. You want really

name name, Barry Soetoro in Indonesia.

And always work cut out names or like five aliases

why they wrote than he wrote dream. Look it up zero hour, he wrote dream

my real father run our dreams. My father reasonable follows the documentary and energy does not Frank Marshall Davis, the communist famous pornographer tat he spit.

Farmers. Will you look side by side sustained guy, so they were worried. That was very frank, Marshall Davis, but it actually,

 

in his mom in, like a scam make it.

Lay off, she would see. I bring that people that you ask it sham marriages to have them emigrate. It was basically a cover up with effective, is real. Father was fright, Marshall Day was the communists, and so

to a bomb is real. Dad was enraged. Viral father breaks it all down its online, its prey powerful info

So what does that mean?

Just as a perfect example of you're not born in Kenya, you're really born in Hawaii on them. You know main city based I'll,

I learned how allude to Frank, Marshall, Davis right and your grandfather, CIA, your mother, she I that's all the declassified air, this kind

Prs mom was a CIA area. What was would she do for this?

she was a sex operative now and and and sheep

as for news, photos, Betty page style with sex operators in photos

fright, Marshall Davis was house, and you know

 

because you see these are very visible.

All involved. I've read dreams of my father where he admits. I stated Frank: Marshall Damage this house. He was like my dad, my grandpa

I had a special unspoken relationship of their markets, look up, Obama, Frank Marshall, Davis,

or Obama real money? You thought about? What do you think about the conspiracy theory that the Obama was like bread

by the CIA the whole way through otherwise troops on third, a really

We said she. I e that just means like a marketing project of whoever was in power at the time.

For eight years. Who was in charge of that? Whoever shows interest can go

then his basically me involved.

And rolling the levers of the social

engineering other society. So what does that have to do

Obama growing up did

we're those rumours that he was at an end

a CIA agents in Pakistan, while he was supposed to be in Colombia, we

 

he probably exactly probably spent six months, the others a supposed father Brok for Speranza second versus right, Marshall, does her. I think you looks more like the other brok. Ok, well, look up the linear look.

Frank Marshall, damages pornography and is- and I will do no such thing Obama's mother clear.

In the Motors grant he allowed his book dreams of my father.

Many many stayed with fright. Marshall day was ok but but listen, that's not the issue.

We what I asked you, though, to get back to where we start from was why did Trump chase? After that whole, he was born in Kenya, shit for

because he knew a shiver hot with the public and he wanted to know the

answer to it as well and didn't like two things: Obama was done, who it was a weird thing:

because if you were a guy who was a white guy and we wanted to prove your burnt born Austria but

 

you had some birth certificate that said, you're born United Sates spoke perfect, English, but yet a square jaw. You look like you're from the frozen north. This mother, Fucker isn't free from

Austria, dude, I'm telling you it's from fuck in Austria, and then someone like made a big deal out of it and gave you like a fake birth certificate, and people wouldn't do

never hear racism, then interesting, like you were here,

yeah, this guy might really I've been born. Other minded and something that I wouldn't worry residents are get bits of ratio been instantaneously, gets connected to racism does an assumed racism with almost

Why is it color, Morocco by any accusation? I love Jimi, Hendrix use Music

What color is long watch hours of rest, our pretty good

good Zile. All of that show. I'm telling you is yours:

Frank, Marshall, David Central. I believe it is in its crack you how conclusive it is my mom and dad are we talking about

five years ago? That's crazy! Let us see the film about who they are

are they were blown away, but listen. Let me with the big picture. Please the elite admit that

 

They are studying humanity like their breakaway civilization, they believe they're taking the best tat is manatee and building

breakaway civilization of technocracy show they can train

send us. I want the public to know the decision has been made

Tom you down, Vulcanize Utah,

Are you against yourselves? Have regional wars play people off against each other?

and then basely released by others that wipe out both the population poking, while the allowing transcendent genetic pause is right here who are the Elite

like, when you say the elite, who are these people and how did they get together? They hold on a second. How do they all agree? Who votes to

how they decide, which our material in Taipei Super billionaire characters like runnin shit. So how did they get together and all agree on the south side of agendas that will empower their individual agendas and are pretty much let into those power structures? Earlier

 

side of them because they are a burger. Bizarre, build a burglar alarm of Rome builder burger at the Club of Rome Davis Club of Rome. Is a population reduction. Ruby,

do not enforce dot com right now. There's an article in a video I cut about over whimpering are not things about person here,

these part of a secret eugenics group, although I can stop right there. Oliver, I said I'm not saying she's a bad person but as he is part of a secret eugenics trip everywhere, that some are really hydropower like killing weak people.

In the hope of a really good person, though yeah

That's a larry! I dislike absolutely so you can go there. It's the truth, while over went very ok and adjust deals with its new sawing, Oberlin, free and secretly your face, you Excelsior with the other toilet, you think she's in secret meetings, with like the build up our group was. She admits that okra to report that they had met on the news to reduce population.

 

I we looked at first live like that, but when assessing the brightness blight now, when somebody areas that can hold please when suddenly

Her says something about reducing the amount of illegitimate babies born or them out of babies are born because there's no birth control. A lot of

or on a statements, get construed into population control she's in this area. Only then people start sand she's in the population control, and that means was shown. The sacred meetings and she's push

and she's tax, I'm not a no secret meetings. Are you no secret me image? I don't you go to this link that we like to have you ever been in one s, eager meaning at its regular? Why do you hear what they said? Yes did you stay said they want to kill half the people now

they say that was really not you believe me rather wasn't. I remember that

that was the house real shit. You know big Fuckin, Jim Brown types did mean that is like. If you want to go back to leg conspiracy, theory fuel, like people,

excited about something when you find out

 

There really are a bunch of global. It leads to get on the ranch and they got a fuckin giant stone our

and they burn up a bundle of wood in effigy and they all where fuckin masks and shed, and then you actually have video footage of it and is weird

sort of a ceremony they're doing and whether a is ethnic or not that easy or pretending it is would have wished

however, it is its crazier and I was like

and they hijack leeward as yet go into that. How did you sneak into the bohemian grow? Those amazing while people,

I wish. I was sadly levy, and it was quite like that we have inside her wanting to get me and actually see it, and most people are bad go to it. But the point is it's kind of a gateway into

all of this maize, and so this is? U apple. He mean Grove and you're in your on the other side of liquor. Looks ILO ponder something as ill. Frida plenty goes beyond all care. May fire make merriment with your dust meagre? No, it was so

strange. It was so bizarre, listens

 

a guy in the speaker, blaring out across the garage I play it put lit. What's with places

was water runs here

something to play for high school. It is it's all play, but we're late

it started that work as as

we entertainment. So what are you

This is just some really ancient ritual that their redoing. I thought it was no big deal too. I was in the crown of old man that risk lavishing. They were like loved and actually ejaculate in their pants. Such advice. You sure project

We now know they were like did ecstasy. What is it about p?

all that love those secret societies. I remember that J F K speech about secret societies will not tolerate yet a fuckin beautiful speech why they guessed

 

pull up Jimmy Pool of J of CASE bureaus evils. I want power over others. Adele crave, shrine secret essence right, they're, looking for that, seek replace them most. I yeah no absolutely nets, but that's just like your time

about pedophiles. Just like it. You know any other deviant

There are no winners. Lingering yeah, I want to go in a big pile of stakes,

I bear on a nicer, has cranked up. Ladies and gentlemen, the very worried secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society, and we hours of people inherently an historically opposed to secret societies.

The secret oath and a secret proceeding on by myself jail Transatlantic put this item of you were an angel is excessive and started about secret societies. A pertinent facts far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it even to

 

There is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it, and there is very grave danger that in announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment that I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control,

and no official of my administration, whether his rank is high or low civilian or military, like should interpret my words he had, and I kill as an excuse to censor the news to stifle descent. They knew it to cover up our mistakes or withhold from the press and the public. The facts they deserve to know

 

We are opposed around the world here. It is by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence on infiltration instead of invasion on subversion instead of elections on intimidation instead of free choice on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day it is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly Nick

 

highly efficient machine that combines military diplomatic intelligence economic size started about common political operation. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headline its dissenters, silenced, not praised. No expenditure is question. Nor rumor is printed. No secret is revealed. No president should fear public scrutiny of his programme. For from that scrutiny comes understanding and from that understanding comes support or opposition and both unnecessary. I am not asking your newspapers to support and administration, but I am asking your help: pushing the tremendous task of informing and alerting the american people

 

for. I have complete confidence. We until then that's a that's such a crazy speech, because it's him talking about the structures that were already in place and about the dangers of withholding information for people and him being forthright as apply

as an end in a way that we ve never heard before sense. I gazed literally talking a jail tramp tramp tramp spring and I dont know what to tell you. Well, let me listen.

Winkler he's talking about our own military, industrial, complex and Eisenhower. Just warned about his outgoing predecessor. He thought about this

is there at the same time he was really smart, cookie,

the eyes and our warnings where the creep use things inhuman, oh yeah, about them, really where the military council, you have k that sounded like you signed by Communist pull up, I shall how warns of the military industrial Complex Walter US. He did it, but just be good, but there's a clip that just has that so

segment of it. We only saw four year. There was a lie. He says there is a scientific, technocratic elite. That is it

 

and of all information about to shut it down the public, and then they will

control the military?

she'll, be where the military yields in the military was bad right. He said these ten military industrial genesis we're about it.

Control over the scientific people, Dolly about saving and finally,

it goes it Jamie. This is they address. Rudder is my fellow. We now stand in years past the mid point of a century that has witnessed for major war among greatness.

Charles right type, Eisenhower, military industrial, Complex Frazier.

He's. Gonna say it in here somewhere, but it's a three minute speech at sea

save any suicide Alex, it seems like tromp, everybody got us more people, it indifferent points of their life. They begin to realise how much

any lies. I been told they begin to wake up, they're, not totally woke up, but they begin to wake up, and then they find

 

about nine eleven, but don't believe all this other shit, and then they find out about this, but I don't believe in all that other than they find about that and then

the very high level that the dude there's like yeah

All this shit is true. If you could follow the money, it's probably true.

Might be wrong one or two or three times, but generally we're dealing with a totally crooked situation. That's what are they doing there, not stolen money from corporate

patient, you still money from a corporation, is going to come after. You kill you with what they're doing it's. It's the master,

of stealing tax money. That's what this is all about:

This is stealing tat. Nobody because nobody's gonna go after you still time.

Why are you get all these programmes in these bills? Pass was play this girl, Jim

 

military contracted the tax payers pan for all their lives are good, are all involved. So is the very structure of our society in the councils of government, or must we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought by the military industrial complex, the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exist and will persist. We must now

let the weight of this combination endanger our liberty or democratic process to scratch. If they'd, let that out like it was so tat. If you think about this back in that

early days of radio in the early days of moving pictures

only refer to all the members that where they hurt at all,

The elite had access to this

acknowledging moving pictures. Radio right from the gig go wrong.

From data. When I want to get right from

 

they want. It wasn't like your average guy was trying to help you manatee the guys who had

technology, where I am

believe. Whatever the fuck we say back in the day,

you'd, listen the radio, those news reports or when the movie pictures were rendered madness. Yes, that's what I'm talking about right, wouldn't go tv movies, radio and all of it was propaganda. Origin would never left out.

On his aliens involve an historically talk about propaganda lies in our had l, L eminent sir, come to him who loves the chairman,

George. You tell him in search of his now just Google operation- or I know about that sure shouting

German. They said we all want.

Terror attacks in America and sort of war or the Soviets cycle?

another evil the we're going to do that so far

Kay comes here, the same guys, gonna make him do it. He refuse so they kill him

 

while they wanted to have drone jet liners and blow them up and blame it on the Cubans, not alone they wanted to arm Cuban Friendly's an attack Guantanamo Bay? They had a bunch of really crazy shit planned when you re

as one of its operation northwards was, and he really

this assigned by the joint she's scare staff. It scared the shit out. Eu legislation is real world talking here. We're talking here. Does it doesnt? Let's get a shit? Are you there,

Well, there's an unfamiliar mind that is still today. It's two thousand. Seventy doesn't a blow. Your minded. People still think that nine eleven happen

the way it what you will get to dine eleven on racial northwards is a hundred percent principle that crazy acted declassified. Two thousand

when people realise that that was a real documents. U S! Government plan to star wars, Russia and She'Ll- be my blog, Moby theatres.

Have you as military bases, kill american capital till american military people hijack Jed's crash him have seen

 

get on board of faint plane? Lands? Are the real plane lands of fake plain attacks? Was it was nine love eleven

just bananas, that someone would actually sit down. I liked by patriots six.

Before, and I love a drive to stop. It really

I'm not saying islamic terrorism real something blushing than did it.

Some super dark state group,

Congress shall have the twenty eight pages, vindicate nine slash, eleven truthers that Saudi Arabia with people that they had gotten to convert to Islam and paid off of their trillions, and they got trillion

had joined them and some larger plan to blame. I rack

their countries that were not radical, so Saudi Arabia could take em over who, who put

together, nine eleven shy Arabia, Muslims, I'd ourselves with anybody, so

in a very these other kinds of the outer to happen in the? U S and the? U S wasn't involved. Of course,

well, who is in

All who are the key players in nine eleven. It's it's totally compartmentalize show you run a drill of the

 

world Trade Center and the pudding arming attack on that day, so that the plan

Angel told one around our judges. That was a drill that was supposed to be run that day and all came out, a drill that was

Bout, an unreal it rains. I wasn't repulsed false flags. It seems like ok, we're gonna do false lag. We need to set up

the drill they need. A drill going on about voting require it's ninety nine point. Nine percent of the government was involved because of computers. It was a test, then it is to have a hundred times more staff,

No one will know cause it's all remote activated the jets by them we're all remote control every jet for twenty five years. The big new ones has control. Moreover, control

it's all its old, it's crazy man, there's just

snow or unmanned. Absolutely

 

well now there man, it's just taking the go on autopilot, stupid violence. If you think about a remark, is dumb. It's bad members will remember what you said about the drone gentler engineer. We're gonna blow that jet liner and blame it on the Cubans that wasn't gonna be a gentler. Philip peoples can be a drone, have the capability? Nineteen sixty two of doing

which here, how did the outer doubted Robert Kennedy, your jail caged elder brother, who was Joe Junior, die

He was quite a fighter plane remote controlling to be

contained blow with explosives as drowned crash in Germany.

They had drums and world war to Jesus Christ. They had drones and world war, two

what were they powered by Google Cave Kennedy? How did you

get a junior die.

Does it mention ever germ seem like, can only their father now jokingly, Junior, the crazy thing about the Kennedys is. Is you know if you

 

lot of times you see criminals come from like a good family,

And then you see Robert can

John F Kennedy. They come from Ghana,

this data is a gangster straight up mafia

Then he has two kids. They thought they had, I'm under control, Greece from a mafia family

nay, here's, the owner of the mob guy is a guy named joy, and it is now we're because it's like you're the opposite of your parents, like you want to go against your prayers. So Robert Kennedy,

and John F Kennedy. They want again

that shit

Rachel

the only reason over individual them out my support. Bab stole Illinois formerly and ass, the man imported John,

Kennedy was hanging out with Frank Sinatra, then all of a sudden he flipped- and you know what he stopped hanging out- Frank Sinatra.

He started changing his ways. Something flipped did. Did he ever kid died?

something like that is that they make something made. Em flip, I thought I'd read some.

 

Could be total Bush, also how it could be that he had a son

the die than made him flat. We're gonna go to Joe Kennedy Junior here. You feel you guys that could make you think so

We therefore assure your kid dodge you're like fuck this

I'm Goin varies very nice all right, yeah you. I thought this work could be worse. Working

my son already died. That's what we're there weren't! You d come after you,

you like, a fuckin Apache savage with nothing to lose

Joe Kennedy Junior was killed in action while serving as a land based patrol bomber pilot and world WAR two and with passwords

We awarded the Navy Cross Alex Jones, throw endowed Alex just dash. Do your fucking

you're on fire. This was

was three hours of theirs people out there. Just now, you don't believe you notice laying down

 

they're like game. A mother, fucking thrones gear. Yes, you are all I know is there's people in the government. They want to empower people and their trundle good job.

I'm, not anti government. I don't have a good constitutional government and the truth is, I couldn't believe one in my penis contacted me up

reach our budget reserve of came to me out of the aren't sea side. Like the number one passes nobody had read passes, I go behind a she's, always Tommy, but back in the bag deal

the secret service. Again there sits Gub I'll come up with

tell somebody Hilary gave us a contact. Number Linux, mother and contact you about a month later.

I got a contact to go. Can you come down? Cuz nothing's digital can come down and meet at this place, so I can go down and meet that will meet one of my other people as well as where they work was like they're hitting both sides of operation.

And, I said to me: Hillary has seizures like every thirty minutes. She's got an ambulance as black. She falls down all the time. Just have your people at her event will see her falling down. She covering it up

 

sure enough. A month now set on air. A month later she falls down a road cameras. We had footage, wait before it.

Cleveland again saying pleasures back to lose key battleground and she

was there for an hour in this emergency tat? Were they with ambulances and stretchers? Some tony I mean

real sources that really

care about what is happening in this country and every

They told me was dead on you know a scary,

My government lakes, let's go

go back. I also you bring an hour. The Hilary thing

very bizarre because nobody was supposed to mention it, but you weren't supposed to mean

that's just fallen down shows that weird, like gas and algae and heritage of ammonia. They said. Oh, she had pneumonia. Let me take some other pneumonia. You know it I haven't done. I have an ever walked and just fallen down while walking

Billy freighters the background and this risky, its known

two thousand twelve hours for Eleanor. Had she got of severe concussion. That was where Ayn Rand, urging for my sources. We asked John Hospital for year them

 

she was now. She was fucked up for six months. Aquareine Clinton bill. She associations, we don't know where she is

and then meanwhile, I'm told her she's falling, not all the time she looks like hell on tv

and then secret service says. Look you've got the people, get up off your ass and follow her. So we follow her in like five cities we didn't catch it. We were in New York, they sneak her out. She falls down having epilepsy every fifteen.

Study manage. The point is my intel was good. They gave us

info. So what are the elite thinking, they're, gonna put

somebody with epilepsy its answer, but do you think that it was just

Their idea was sheen hold togethers anything rather than their citizens. Take just one or two get her through get all those girls like, oh my god, everything's gray, and then they pass all these mother fucking bills, and it was I

seem to me that when all this was happening, that people so desperately wanted to not look at it, because the alternative is Trump, it wasn't it

 

taken an objective, look at angle, while maybe she shunned ready black and out, and then you consider that man

of head injury that she had two thousand twelve, which is real. It's a fact of life,

When you bring that up dogs, they think if you bring that up, you can achieve

people's opinion and you're gonna help trump. When voting that logically glittered, like little self conscious print to monitor, started erotic, which cameras about Trump that one too so that we can give action idle claims,

have all the answers, and I'm not here to boost your trump cuz, I'm tied to his wagon five pack trap how to make more money. This isn't about money. It's about the trip,

Tromp really has tried to cut taxes, it make people successful wealthy. He really does

care about the average person, the elite of central planning slave people to make folks poor and all

Asked you to do is get past. Thinking that you're part of this

Our fishermen are you're smart, because your aunt Trump Mass you'd actually look

is really being going on and understand that Democrats Republicans come and go summer, gossamer bad. The whole power structure

 

has been against Trump for very serious reason. Trump is coming

after them

really is attempting to bring down this whole global system, and that's all

A regular sides want you're viewers measures. Now, I'm not some

We lack life, you should only raised him being its bush. I wish Obama would have been real. The points they got to Obama would drop. He doesn't give a shit

They admit their offering a money, everything he doesn't less. So you think what

could he sees you, Obama could have been is who he was when he was running for office that he was a radical element of change. Hope and change,

to close down Guantanamo Bay. He wanted to do all these things, but one July at all,

here, the groove our oppose nerve and about during his administration the d A decide

to not take marijuana off.

Schedule, one everybody knows it

schedule. I was the cover. Gradual one means no medical, you

please don't like electronic means, that's what it means to be schedule. One, that's crazy that marijuana sketch one when it's the most useful out of all the dish.

 

In very silly smart. You are Joe. You smoke marijuana lot about yourselves markets deftly not bad! I'm just smelling, and I gave a thing here. I know you can visit less had serious. That's all I'm telling you it lets trump about water.

Conversations about let the people now I mean tromp really wants to make poor people, ridge,

He really wants to defeat collectivism, relativism he hates all the

bashing, my family and what's collected

the new world order collectivism is this thing like you're, not individual you're, like part of a group and Trump cards

and I can't stand sees a businessman. Business deals, we're China has like thirty, five or six

and she tariffs on us. There's no way get even compete and their shut off our power plants with regulations, but not there's one.

We do that, then. What what is the reason? Why? Because our relates under quite frankly under under under Kissinger and and and the courts,

 

The president, who is in that next,

They made a one sided deal for a leads to go: make deals with China on their billion plus slaves.

That kind of sending me they're, like slaves to leverage out

ass the whole world's industry and trumped doesn't like this. One sided deals. We sang listen, we're not gonna impoverish, America,

Power America and actually use american power,

my freedom worldwide. So let me get this.

Four guys like needed all protocols alone. Promises like

what you're saying is in Layman's terms the elite that the people in power

people that have the green light power to sign these treaties. They were may be offered couple meal

couple meal there in front of sign this to sell.

The country out, so that they can make ten million five mail there build anything like that.

 

You ask, colonise by corporate, take over artists and trumpet the instead f you so we're detector

global system they built for nothin, taken away from them and have the true new amount

Can millennium, not the new century? You listen to his

we have the time if you wanna play, is eighteen minutes share to the union,

big STAR or not alone. I'm gonna play that already deals with Fidel his here

his his global

nah eurasian speech. He lays the whole beautiful bechamel

and so if anybody ever wanted to actually have some money trying to make them great and wealthy and powerful it's Donald Atra. That's why the whole

eight, the whole power structure, Hollywood, all pedophiles, every damn demon, every pot bellied one inch fucker

You know they are all against tromp, because he is pro human and he wants to dominate always people. It is active, album

He won't benefits of the ego every now and then ever known

 

He's only helped him run here, offers it any. He talks to you in any calls you right, I mean that's. It uses the other people. You know people think they don't know our Jones. They believe the mainstream media when they try to crucify me and say that button quack and is it well Alex you need honestly, is someone attemper you you

need me right next to you all the time to balance your car powerful. This is you.

Being right there that you're, like the fucking shit on calm down on you, gotta bio suit on you, fuckin Ray

God, you're like okay. We need this alien to benefit our humanity, but I gotta put this guy

damn vile Sudan, because you ve gone crazy, just scattered, discovered to steer them occasionally.

Just give you get on rats and you'll you'll could connect for five different, non related subjects

 

that's that's beautiful guy that does guy the does die otherwise go right after ran after ran after redwood no teleprompter. Only guy that could do is

is that your mother? She was just use rise, and here I am actually very uneasy that Joe is finished all my sentences and knows more than I do, and its

similar action on. He doesn't know all I don't know more than you do me now. You know more than just as much as I know. Every document every secret programme report may do all out of universal holes using this at all, even fog of that you are really listen. Microsoft, buildings sector above all x, Ray Comic Micro, scar, pig.

Bacterial atomic split the goddamn critical mass comparative Joe Rogan, I'm nothing! Nothing and I've talked so much

shit about conspiracy theories that I feel like. I need to shut the fuck up, because I don't want to

 

for all of us rather new areas, shades of the others?

questioning on your own, the mystery and I'll just receiving the priest cleared up yes, but I'm not trying to walk away from my pockets.

Nobody out that nobody was listening, but now people want me to go back there. Nobody, but listen. I don't want to

be a conspiracy guy like you, I don't want to be there, but

Listen to you and you are my canary in the goddamn com as long as you're alive I feel like,

ok to say it, but I'll tell you this. Every time I come to you, the fight companion do Joe Rogan experience. I swear

oh god. I tell myself this this fight companion, no mother, fucking crimson

 

is there a pleasant level alive? I call joke and I'd call they have dropped by combating illegal, Joe Emily, but suddenly good news, because I want you to discuss whether we organise something in me wants to help people for some reason and a lot of times my enemies like flock, damn make a fuckin. You know to be blocked them, and am I damn it? I just walk away because I am compelled

help, but I'm trying to make money. I've. Conspiracy theory: I gave a conspiracy theory pop goes right now and I'll be ok, I'm not even try to do that. I don't want to do that. I don't wanna, be they got a lot of EU, but something inside me

the fuckin money, stolen, someone's question, I gotta son

I want to make sure: did I fucking do ever

then I can for him because out of work,

I don't want to leave him with some shit that I could change

 

inside of me, I'm like on the firm saw, the time which are full of wonder. Therefore, when you oversell yes, because of your oversell than you actually turn people the wrong way, they look at any conspiracies it being preposterous, even the ones at a real like sand. Dusky, like the catholic Church, like some

the other ones. Before there's a ton of unlike pastor, who is the speaker, the Fuckin House, pedophile, there's been a

lot of firing, so it's really good at ourselves, but then I can hold on a second Eddie. It's really critical. Whenever you discussing s things, you get all the fuckin ducks in order before you pick aside its super import,

because any time you make some crazy claim and it's connected tokens.

Piracy theory and proves to be wrong. If Fox, with all

ones that are now you're here late. I'm all right Marie! I would understand level Santa buildings,

also a saying that it's like there. I hurt me there that dumb there

our a joke? It's a joke. Me man,

 

it should not yet I gotta isn't beforehand thereof

fine Melissa, getting no somewhat more serious, now yeah, but I don't know they're, not some other Alex. Let me ask you something really quickly. Very importantly, ass, a super important at act like

I was trying to say this earlier, but we had to go back and finish that mob this very important I I teach I got students all over the world

I got schools all over the world.

All my students, or will start to wake up. You know that's like a metaphor.

Firstly, there was like a different times. Some are just ended, we for Jujitsu, but they believe

see an inside out a precise. It takes three years and the like: oh shit, they started more weight and damn they're all all over the conspiracy. Everybody awakens at a different point, no matter how smart they are,

get your masters your phd. You could be all I'm a scientist or whatever, but you're working for the government and you in thinking about but listen, listen. Do you think? I'm gonna do that.

 

Donald Trump is in the middle of an awakening, gunners reawakening by percent real,

he's, like is Z, in the middle of an awakening. Yes,

because if you could have easily been a billionaire too much to you,

ago. Could who bought

the mainstream shit, but he was a billion or even give a fuck about the mainstream. He's cutting deals, blown on terrorism, but now at some point, no matter where you walk, no matter how smart you walk, you awaken a little little by little and I from Donald Trump knows, which way the wind is going.

And, as Julius Caesar in in in the famous play

Shakespeare of Julius Caesar. There is a tide in the affairs of men were taking the fleas on the porch or, as Mark TWAIN said,

getting a patriot scarce man. I hated scorn but scorn for the tablets cost exceeds it costs. Nothing is going to patriot. So here's what you

happening right now, there's a major shift happily and tromp really wants to empower the people global.

 

And so

I'm trying to get at is it

some really big things are happening in this way

oil, and people, watching should

conservative or liberal do you'd, stop dressed ivy from what do you want

say globalism. What do you mean by that pleased to find that

the lesson is like NEO colonialism, but its corporate colonial,

some over humans in

visuals government states old world.

New world its world

Colonial Rothschild, rather than national its monopoly

Is it rots, dominated populations and create?

centralized systems of monopolies and control was too in innovation. It was to end up

mobility widely lawnmowers in his answer globalism corporate world government? What do they want to stop innovation

because they see how suburban they see it.

They call disruptive technology and humanity soap.

Powerful you ve already got a monopoly. So is this a reason consideration after it has been an internet has been marketed levels:

 

Maybe he s ok, you're, partly through since they ve

We got control, they want competition in their own country.

They don't want challengers. They seized control, human psyche, human development to the star

they ve got it all that they go to get rid of humanity, renewing gods, whatever dimension there too,

and told them, so they want debates to end and they want authoritarianism they want and what we have in the Balkans.

And how is how is Donald Trump Gonna? Stop this a bulky mafia

you, don't you see it as making both from Africa the harder you holding it happens, Alex how you hoping that what has gone wrong. I have to do with blocking chances. Are energy siphons, revamping the catch, of course

he actually cut taxes, the orbital middle class and gets rid of tax incentives for really rich he's not coming after the wretch, but from it.

Perspectives, Republicans are cheering,

If so, is that what you want to do you want to cut taxes for everybody except a wretched, showing her real it?

 

seems like the opposite of what a rich guy would do direct, but he understands like Henry Ford: did

You got to sell a car where people had to do a ford to buy it. You got to pay her employees like by if he wants real prosperity does.

This is primarily get off in his ears, limousine random,

I burn out old towns disease.

This been announced this tax plan, so Jimmy Chin

the poor, but it says that's fascinating

that'll change people's opinions. If that really does happen, people can save a significant amount of money in tackling the problem. The globalist admit they want,

global consolidation? They want to global downturn,

Breaker bodies will and accept all the new taxes, regulations, and so tromp is racing.

Memory. They have eight years zero percent interest, but it was only the big banks. Trunk separately

Europe agenda for one year, you know is against it, but for poor people to get zero percent interest who hears Althea anyways, the bank's lose the body. It's all just right

 

they're, killing at all now and raising raising taxes, trump tax reform that will make Amerika great again the goals of Donald Trump Number one: tax relief for Middle class America. In order to achieve the american dream that people

more money in their pockets and increase the after tax wages number two.

Simplify the tax code to reduce headaches Americans face in preparing

taxes and let everyone keep more of their money so

he's land these already implemented. It, though

fourteen were twelve days and we ve already got he's doing it

so you're single. Oh, you earn less than twenty five thousand dollars or married and jointly earn less than fifty thousand dollars. You will not

Any income tax failure of shit,

holy shit and attaches a model that removes nearly seventy five million households old over fifty percent of the income tax rules, whether they get a new one page form to send to the Irish saying I win.

 

Those who would otherwise. Oh, how crazy is that they get to see,

a new one page form to send the IRA saying I win

those who would otherwise o in

I'm tax will save an average of nearly one thousand dollars each year. It's not that

here, the lowest briar the pay taxes new, mostly don't pay taxes. You know what do people in

Taxes are for rich people here

Reggie probing, but if you get it like, if you will, the money

Look at this statement, no business of any size from a fortune, five hundred to a mom and pop shop

A freelancer living job to job will pay more than fifteen percent of their business

come in tax, it s time,

Slower rate makes corporate investments in versions and unnecessary by making America's tax rate one of the best in the world as a whole.

We have the highest rates, so nobody wants to beer.

 

No family will have to pay the death tax holy shit. You know about that

yeah, that's giant! That desire ever man doesn't tromp is forever. I always tell you, earned and save that monitor your family and not the government. You paid taxes on it when you earned it. That is so

You ever read his errand advance, a beautiful tax plan that death taxes disgusting so give you less money for your kid. They would

take half your money, they take out a summit,

the giant chunk of it and he sang that's not gonna happen anymore. That alone, that's a beautiful thing.

Very good. There is always raised trumpets paint, ok painted I land either that seventy element like through like pushing by families with kids like

Harry, was yelling at family just one way forward. They, like literally push bath hispanic families and black people.

 

Streaming! Kkk now and I looked at him on tape. It is more like what feels good for people to have a clear enemy and if they can justify in their minds, are a white supremacist or anybody on the all right is a real security. I trumps K, K, K and clarity

Only that happens to you right. Well, I wonder where it's like their inner dimensional connected. Likewise, in all these blue euro loser slap you with a face the back of the head- it's like how are they so maybe they'll that is the greatest they give ever says. No, I'm sure it invited a door for people go on who you're a loser and then try to slap you in the back. I started already. You started

common good in their mind at least, and no one gets arrested. That's a good thing,

it's a larger lol. I know we ask of traffic, for a lot of people are made an annoying. What would you do if, like almost half the timing, logic ear and rushed or someone I'm sort of slapstick,

about your autonomy, that happens to you right. Well, I wonder where it's like your inner dimension.

 

Connected like. Why is always blue-

a loser, slap you in the face of the back of the head

it's like. How are they saw? The old, though, is the greatest they give ever says. No, I'm sure it doesn't invited a door for people who you're a loser and interests Lapierre, thereby started authority. You start

human meme care. The hoary asked: how are they so think of years? Really? Well, you have women going on.

Bar? While

guys? I sat by the media shaped by the media and I'm out their peacefully videos

on Saturday at the drums inaugurated, India,

before I leave, and there are a few

white male they're all white women. Have you your hard all about good and they put hats on they burgers script?

a joint, Yod, he'll, never

me I'm like a lion, I got your generals often put on a slight block. I dont get where

I've never done anything to women and all these word as women included, easy police rarely bullet

 

Is there a world where these big hats and then

got attacked praising

on this and also saying that you're drunk- that's, not you're, absolutely not. I didn't think so. Now the fruit is

the headline was Alex Jones kicked out of an

you re where they have people blogging, hindrances, zero fence,

you can try it in you. I was

the whole thing is it's it's very though the whole movement is very aggressive. You know like a response to what

they think is aggressive. You know

you're all of their slick, asking questions muscle

John. We have heard, let's be serious. Okay. What is your real world view on the nature of consciousness

on this planet and air galactic space?

I have been a really honest today, again allows romancers so metaphysically one

the secret of the universe. This is what I think

There was a little le organism. Tat was just recently discussed. I tweeted it I think yesterday, and they think it was.

 

One of the very first organisms that was the precursor to what we eventually became an all violence

Herbalife Life all like living walking. Things came out of this one multi celled organisms. Right, yes, and one thing I think, as that

happened whatever hundreds of millions of years ago with the numbers, but whatever

however, long billions of years that happened to go. If we keep going

in that same direction. Whatever we are now, what is gonna be totally unrecognizable

just a few hundred years from now, a few thousand years from now or if we just do it by a large

Ashley a million years now, but I think that if human

beings. Man stay alive for a law,

terrorism and not blow each other up or on the cusp of

figuring out how to manipulate our very beings like to the point where we're not gonna be people

anymore. It's exchange, that's it. Humanity is at the crossroads and that's my message today

we have decided, they think the corset

 

revolution I mean

to say, should

We decided to have a debate about. Why? Don't I throw the general referring to replace the people? Have this insatiable need for innovation that fascinated by

want the newest phone, even though their phone worked perfect, they just wanted they have. This desire to weird thing is just like we're talk

about like these. These things aren't designed to make you addicted to him, you're just addicted to their designed. Well, there's a weird sort of consent,

in that we have to this technology

This is because one Marshall Mcluhan desire for, I think it's because of what Marshall Mcluhan said, that human beings are the sex organs in the machine world. I really think that's what they're doing, I think all of us and

Gratian all this innovation of all this we are the primary prevailing. It is compelling. Focus on technology is because

evolution airily, that's where our biology goes. It goes to technology because it can manipulate it at a far faster rate in and in your saying, Bio mechanically.

Ethically through well

 

cells not square celeron. We do it more beautiful,

and strongly agree what you're saying over all? I don't think it's in either or shouldn't just expert Alex. I don't think it's just accept it they're going to be

The do shit in both ways.

Great. I gotta do something really revilers law Ermenonville, it's gonna have the point B scream at four hundred years. Public needs to know this side

you larger debate about what they did. They are learning about,

it is something we have to seek out all can, if oil, all the information control. I don't know about that. The information about isn't about innovation and energy, national insurance and hunted by Camacho, letting a lot of your comments and your daddy is your tony Fuckin Montana Run and the planet would you

that shit out of wood. You keep a fear, but it is not worth twenty montanans out running science. The thing is, the scientists are almost all involved in universities and different studies network and appeared to try to make a name for themselves. Are Europe's Loring all these different possibilities and then big companies that can profit off of it in billions ability

 

those like Sony or Apple were innocent? They chose to these people up and they will hold on a second. There thing is to innovate and make money. That's what they're. Therefore, that's what I'm doing the donors and will open took out a bit better now. Do not Tony Montana due to stand this you're talking about two different things: you Joe making all not some utopia known and talking about what a highly tryin to to benefit the Italian about what Intel ears one who makes iphones as it matter we're

having a real discussion about the future of the text.

Logical system of humanity. They don't want that. Discussion showed this things it, whether it's it's just

or Alex Jones already brought up we're all here

German experienced a discussion. The elite are

having right now in Calais route

now was Zuckerberg. I know for a fact

The army, when Soccer Bergen collide just visiting book two's about ally, but the whole point

their meaning he owns. Now we should discuss this happening. Is Facebook

 

part of their low monotony. Now you know our shit and the worst part of it come on.

Now you now we get our slogan in your programme. Are you ready to take that back

We don't know is I wanted in our programme. I do. I know you do know yet evokes often do pay the big issues of the world

the risk of our already. I wonder

Aliens.

Can you line, but keep coming back to that, because I want to know what do they know about aliens wayward? What are the real, ok, I'll, tear them

and what I say is not political and it's not from my particular local active.

Protests from the no knowledge in the universe. Ok, we live in a third,

dimensional blame. We can see the planet's the guy.

 

Galaxies the sun's hundreds of billions of galaxies photographed universes. We live in an amazing space time continuum. The elites believe that it's not in the third dimension that were mainly receiving transmissions ships, don't arrive from others and cherries or giddy prime for wherever there going from or Beale they come here to international gates are much closer through fold space,

and so we have to discuss the different influences. The universe and universe fact that we have free will, and we say we want, I don't believe in any of us. I am simply telling you what the elites believe so

They believe that there is another dimension and these beings are from it are diminishing abundant, imagine need baby blood rivalry and somehow they need baby. Our aim has arrived tuna. Ok,

we're really powerful. I would take this out more may the

far greater. Our brain is Evelyn

 

soon and allows dimension the highest measured. Humans are basically really powerful creatures that can live right.

The signs for highly radioactive. Nothing else will have its close. The very short lives, because we're like a hive off

Nazism that actually live. Second, the second in the space time contain a hundred years. It's a second.

We transmit our data up to live next. You likely STAR Gate, jump gates, serb that are sons.

So because we live so close to these signs. We only have like military

to be alive, so we're actually a hive organism is keeps transmitting up to the next species.

In our in our inner hierarchical system and then down below us sore,

live right now in this continuum and we're trying to progress and and and make things better,

Annie Elite you're are trying to make sure that we don't doubt internet incredible knowledge. We ve got ass a species of basically dies species. So then we're not competitors on the next level. As the Bible,

 

as of their dimensional plain began on, but here, but you don't believe that you're just saying that's what they really. Oh, yes, exact,

What do you believe that now I mean I believe in research? Do you think it? I believe in research to choosing? Did there is something from other dimensions? I can access us this this. We are other dimensions,

The third aspect is only one limited plain, a larger scale

you're doing leaves a wearable part of that spectrum. While I should say we're not in Kansas City more out of you

Dundee empty now? Do you want to? I don't need your airline

sleep. I believe that isn't it's like he's on natural, the empty ardently on Somethin man for sure I got a question for you:

You know how this is. This is kind of off the cuff little bed, but often track off the beaten path

but you know how the CIA has always been involved in Hollywood and make a boozing. You know like zero dark thirty, and you know these movies

 

Clearly propaganda movies, you noted a most like even movies. You think they weren't propaganda, but they are the latest superhero movies. How they're just are the plots and evil Oda gonna build a bomb, and all that is it? Is there

whistle blowers within Hollywood that are made

movies, just like like in Brazil, it was our martial arts were outlawed, so the people, the people there were about the true, thereby doing dance but whatever

disguising them or yellow requirements. Is. Is there to make other filmmakers like that out there that

trying to help humanity with the basis of their films ultra high, like everything else, there is good people and bad people having Hollywood

 

always bandwidth, which movies are the good ones. Tell me what's our market star wars are MIKE. Is this a bad one? That's propaganda. Allow the marrow treatment of these are good ones, yet, once again, once mail, which ones are the ones I should guy, you tell it really good knights right now. What about like when hang over one comes out

which does not determine because he didn't like hang over. Going

see, I is only the name of like one part of the shadow government, which is almost intellectuals of Amerika,

so those people on trumps. I'd now and that's the first time ever well, the CIA is there:

and perverts had so they must have been with Bush right, because Bush used to be the presidency were senior George Herbert Warrior.

 

So he was healthier. Here's the deal brain the CIA was shut up, supposedly job defend or a public and all the stuff it got hijacked by multinational interests has been reached.

And their claim the CIA out right now? Are you serious? That's fucking, breaking God, damn

news: potter, em for Wars BC, clearing house- oh my god, that's

are you kidding me? Wasn't that the headline NEWS on empty words right now in other areas, where Iraq teacher Alot of posted, really really crazy things for the sea

That's just yesterday. The CIA does like half of fighting and they were all pissed off and I were betrayed by April inside the CIA,

robots. Have the one on the right. Now, there's a cow,

within the c cleaner. Well, while their deadly Dr Jesus Christ jail. I like what I'm here

well see what happens, but are you? Are you happy about that

first. We really want to do it can. If it succeeds within

 

years, you're gonna hear major cancer is announced

you're in on energy systems announced here. I renew

companies announced they have suppressed all this stuff.

From what good people want to empower humanity. They believe

the species on the planet and big steps, but

goddamn crazy would be if Trump became hero s he but do not

raising the the country accepted them if they figure this out after. If this is all true, this all comes to exact as you're, saying which I really have no idea of your right

No, what you could play right now, how about that bill? Clinton clip that you played were haste,

talking about varying emigrants,

like more hard core than tries it all that everybody? How do you pull out? How does GMO Clinton and build Lebanon

river wall and the law?

does not idle halfway round history with them on the wall. She'll do a ladder over its metaphysical. That's like we're country were allowed to have as Mexico as one can as one can't. Why can't we? The big thing is just deport people that are

 

fair. We need people from Mexico in Russia and Japan.

Just a poor people are, and welfare is only support. The poorest ones then loving ass. We say if you won't do anything, and you come here yet

ok so when they come over here, you're saying give him a chance, but then, once if they try to stand welfare, there's even now was that we are more. Sugar now sounds good unmerited, Gordon Hordes of aviation, but that ninety nine lives. It is nine Tina devices here not only in the states most heavily affected, but in every place in this country are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. The jobs they whole might otherwise be held by citizens are illegal immigrants. The public service that use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why I noticed recently moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards by deporting twice as many

 

criminal aliens is ever before by cracking down on illegal hiring by borrowing welfare benefits. Steely, lately, label rallying cry. I will present to you. We will try to do more to speed the deportation.

Of illegal aliens who arrested for crimes to better identify illegal

aliens in the workplace, as recommended by the commission, headed by

we're Congresswoman, Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of emigrants,

but we are also a nation of laws. Is wrong and ultimately self defeating for a nation of immigrants to per

that's the kind of abuse of our immigration laws. We have seen

in recent years, and we must do more to stop

 

if that doesn't indicate truck and tromp on all that fence sharing also makes you realize what our too bad Motherfucker Bill Clinton was. Is troubling. Opening speech like that Glenn was that it may be right. What about when you're out their marching are taught on evaluating the wall if you're some chick out their margin talking about the wall, and you just heard that was, I realized

Giving you a chance, admit your Pont, it's ok, everybody gets powerful,

but from this point on shut the forgot about it,

that's. Ok, let's that's what are you getting guy? Isn't it? I wonder I give you full power game. You're gonna be in the region are out of place where I think we ve done it's five. We can all around us. We got it. We did a good job.

One more question, one more, I you know me

 

I'm fuckin fascinated with conspiracy they're, just like you every night due to watch and fights and boxing I'm listening to conspiracy,

There is every fortnight when I go to bed, I listen Alex Jones every day. Every doubt the one thing that gets did that I don't get. I get the estate

fishermen, I get the Illuminati. I get all that shit, but then

Ronald Reagan, every now, and then you have doktor Steep Botanic on your show and he's talking about

some serious conspiracy that raise all

should confirm and everything is deep in the sea. I confirm and should, but that when they talk

by Ronald Reagan. They talk about here,

the last great pressure- and I thought that actor that wasn't me

F B, I informed, is any show God Damn establishment, Ronald Reagan. I don't get

That explain Ronald Reagan. I mean georgian

Senior was the vice president DE

 

through the CIA Aegis seems a jealous, hangs out of this all. But this is wants alive. Ok, explain round of unity in this resolution is not explain. Well written good, we're just joking around punching earlier neurons, ok, but his

astrology close range, the literary why more hours he wants to know about run around in the polar regions address. Tell me the movies Architectural Ronald Reagan we're not in some blood vessels ragged, but after all the Obama globalization is. This tells a good thing,

again ran against George Herbert Walker Bush setting

was globalist, a sea world government. Then they told him at the convention

Ok, you wine for him

let you have it on a chevy, don't let her Rwanda budget and a year.

They shooting those really

that guy as all that,

dove one. Oh shit, I didn't sell Reagan, didn't get it agenda through and I

I got around quadrilles other stuff, regular, actually

the euro. The IRA's and a bunch of stuff, so yeah

 

anti cancer. He was running against George Bush. He beat him and then, when he got the presidential nomination for the Republican Party

they made him. They forced him to tell us the true story for still say grant all Reagan.

And I want to believe in Obama, but he's a total level is in us. Will this new?

tax things? Crazy? Do you? What do you think of that? It's pretty radical Joe got maritime training punches

I don't I'm crazy, given Trump on trumped gimme, a real people. There's people out there,

think trumpets, races and they

keys sexes at a whoremonger,

I think that more hormone nation such as a result, I do think it wise woman one could for him. While people do ok, so you think he's gay guy. I know trouser guy here

he looked at what is done is he's delivered like no president,

 

I believe that in so everybody wants ITALY every wants to find some reason to hate him and some reason to figure out a way to get him out of office, but shouldn't we at this point mean here he won their game writers popular to contest. He won the popular to contest, and that's really what

in presidential figure, out a way to get the most amount of people to say. I, like you better me, it's really what it is and he's the first truly popular person,

It's really good at manipulating the media to win the popularity contest. Everybody before him had just been a politician he's the first God it's actually

AMOS that then became your true voyna? It's never! However, we have our Ronald Reagan was thirty. One was an aluminum, twelve o clock,

Rather, that's only two and a half here, but the point being that he's it wasn't that famous

Ronald Reagan was a string trump and altogether.

 

So here is a movie star. Regular, you cut is true, but I don't think he was a big movie star. Think user questions later. Trop wasn't always, though no offense Christian Slater, I loved you and blade hey whose

Joe Joe

and blade right since late and blade job no gentleman dwarf.

As well controls later I was Ronald Reagan, Goddammit get alleys. Did he get is operating in this right now about John you once

I've time interview, we have got their relations working hours and no non three of its fiery and three and a half hours area. Where do we go live,

one was dirty willow.

One, thirty we're sitting the chair before when he's on us in time. I know she's. Ok, look at the clock right next to you see it's five o clock

fine. As long as you want it's all I know is some of your history should really told you the real truth

Ok, what I've research? You should believe him, a sham. Their total corporate oars think

going to happen. How do you think this is gonna play up now that you think this

 

sort of silent bloodless coup has taken place, and

guy has gotten through

this net that had been sat there to make sure that no one of them, the people that were already inside the system could ever run it. So he asked

he's running it,

we're right at all. Wants it,

time situation trump isn't pervert. He really wants empower humanity. All of us have to work hard, be involved here

views, put our ideas and just move forward but airplane.

To try to assassinate Trump. You think so, God

demonizing him same killing, him mean assassinating for real or demean assassinate him, like pop publication, like Paul

ITALY is actually they want to politically destroy his name and they want to politics

 

we also try to kill him. All I know. Is America had half the wealth of the world twenty years ago and five or so the world population we ve lost half that wealth and its that as we get more powerful, vague it more powerful and the elite have been trying to domestic

in America, not perfect, but we ve got ideas of industry and ideas and doing things that change everything.

And so the really this planet want to kill competition. They want to consolidate control

They want to end the internet of governments that America they were about its Hilary.

The one they would a sensor dear. Oh here, is how they look about. Facts are largely to private. Ever got pollyanna pieces together they were about to do it. Tom

line is Obama, establishes Ministry of truth three weeks before Trump takes office, one we gather promptly,

 

so ministry, truth being something that stops fake news. Yadda yadda, yadda news them government does not agree with your right. So the price

One becomes. How do we decide? What's gonna, listen I'll, go back, please go backwards, Obama's quietly signs the countering disinformation and propaganda act into law, while laid on Friday with

who s population, embracing the upcoming holidays and oblivious of most news emerging from the administration. Obama

quietly sign into law. The two thousand seventeen National Defence Authorization ACT which author,

rises, six hundred and eleven billion dollars for the military. Two thousand seventeen in a statement, Obama said blah blah

blah blah blah wears a sandwich area down. He over the governors,

board of governors, they Elsie said to the media, meaning federalized television shows every translations.

Your limbs animation all galaxies. Your website, my website everybody's website, when he gets what're you doing

just Obama last minute bills

 

all this. Should he signed Riley Latin re read little lower its

in the bill, Warrior

federalized can put about in a final and we're gonna federalized communications,

the CIA over the Board of governors of the federal communication.

Sounds so crazy did you would have been circulated and subject to that?

easily to talk about that, no more, of course, Hilary. What a one that would happen

we are under his clothes. I wonder if people would have ever went for that. That seems. Let me Joe Trump does. He is like actual too

warrior. My nose, retweeting Twitter,

scale watch this video clips he gets out here

he's in Hillsboro Z. There asked what you actually collage per year.

I'll say and frogs perfect. He tramped honest with anything going to come out against the point: is that he's a dick?

What kind of thing you can open now you, when I log element nine eleven, is he gonna

 

anything about this already. The fact that it almost of the garment work with Saudi Arabia to launch the September alot of attacks-

sixteen years ago going to reopen that shit. You well you think that think that imagine that a mansion

the reopening of the nine eleven problem. Madge shows about the moon, please Thompson released,

information but the alien basis, and with a nice question, what does he know about GEO Engineering right? What does he know about aliens,

not about aliens foggy. No, no, no, no. No, they let em trails, you don't fuck aliens, ok

Our lunch, you guys over Alias embattled round back on back on your journal here. Call I'm soberly lately on aliens envelope or lack of alien bigfoot. Do horizontal rebellions, ten years doing good so

 

ring rearing Langley Wing who Alex, Mr President, what's on well when the agenda forward to cut taxes, leaving while I to know about those secret space patients while Alex you gotta, come from TAT those me

jumped out. I want nobody asked Trump. If he wasn't learned some jujitsu, I get all private jet half I fly to New York to be withdrawn or drunk. I wanna see the buys

and bodies we got from on these giant or Alex he imagined on the show that would be huge for pro.

We're gonna do about it

Oh

if you want to know you, have to see us John Kerry, vertical or eat ever this more, we have to get forgone here. For sure. Let's go,

but whether now we're gonna eat or anything else, but it's already five o clock so we're out of three and a half hours in it.

The more they have saved for out here. Let me get another question: is it known Eddie I want to ask

 

I mean literally. I really think that trade is a tragic truth. Enforced outcome has

or articles are researcher. Videos are our podcast. What we do and are not left or right, I'm not liberal conservative. I'm really try

find out what's goin on the world, and so

for all these years, Joe spent, I love,

We find the lies, really good questions you gonna do.

All this I was gonna bring up. So you scared, he asked

just get crazy. You want to keep going to keep gonna keep going to go on, but I think sometimes, ok hold that thought expand

Blaine benign gums things. It will hold on a second Eddie things that are in your head self explanatory. You already know about it. There's a giant returned

people are listening. This have no idea what you're talking about it again,

I want to say this for the

no Rogan listeners have an open.

Mind. You heard him for three and a half hours download that up

in wars app startling soon they have any want. You do show and enforce thats the move to

Bravo radio comes back and enforce our

 

That is why we need a rogue sampler illicit bullets. Ok about opalescent. All I want people give him up.

A chair. He doesn't know shit about space, but when it comes to politics,

of base year when it comes to politics? He's ease

mastery. This gives the owes you on the other,

Helio Gracie Space here

Joe ruled out unless I'm up Jamie,

some scientists out. I have a very almost everything, countering foreign propaganda and disinformation ACT of two thousand. Sixteen the bill expresses the sense of this bill expressed,

 

the sense of Congress? That would a weird expression. Ok, what are we looking at? This is that bill that Anti propaganda bill foreign governments, including the government of the Russian Federation China, used if this information other propaganda tools to undermine the national security objectives, the United States and key allies and partners. U S. Government should develop a cop

preventive strategy to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda and assert leadership and developing a fact base strategic narrative and an important element

This strategy should be to help promote an independent press and countries.

Are vulnerable to foreign disinformation,

friends like that. Anna SAM is on the rug, sir, panicking they'll shut down our competition one American watching this are listening, doesn't think

should decide whether she was listen to it. Do you think that would be?

ever accepted that they would allow people

 

some one that works in a government to censor websites and Podcast Lama signed has already had, but avenues on China does that you're? After this they signed a bell dry, it delegate, craze notice. I tell you, look at Anville laws it s about podcast visit their back basically disappear. Conversation just people sitting down talking and if you, if you

stop. Put pure conversations mean. That is like one of these

most heinous foreign assets, anxious to let you can't some care they could try running off. You can't really did get an office in day really did try to implement with fright,

I almost wish Hillary would have won outside the power.

Iphone codes or whatever so torture, you think is just it doesn't work it's not

work and makes us look terrible. Is a foreign country lowers us of their level exactly but trunk him out of here

 

torture two days ago, gentle Galaxy changes might make good on stuff, like that, that's very and these waking up and when you think up, you change your mind on Zaza independently wealthy.

One of the Marines. That's probably I factor in this scouting he's are part of the

Obama, Hilary National, that's what I'm saying is that there's no calculation, I just

treat you like, I wanna, be traded. Big stuff is happening

Let me ask you this before we before we wrap this up. You know if Trot

Is this new stage of politics or new type parties? What kind of person do you think would be like literally the perfect person to run this country and what would the perfect person do wrong? Paul,

around pulse great, but I think it's Somalis worked hard and private business who really, as this is a success who loves America? Who has

through the gauntlet of demonization attacks and doubt whether the I Donald Trump,

how you wonder what he's been through man, whose Spencer there's gonna be a winner over

 

but in some calls Donald Trump? Rather I want to Haiti by wanted, not believe you so good, but man

he calls up again. I read your mind and knows what you

thinking about your like man, this guy

is like God of the devil. This tax thing is very fascinating. Only very interesting raises accident. It seemed into me up at the main street over nobody really millionaires round about it to me every time I turn on my phone, you, no one. I didn't ask for Fuckin Fox

whose bulletin board region they force feed me every morning Sienna. So what are your general? That experience ran forward? That's why you gotta slowly because Jos, real I'm real you're, real, whether we're probably not about it. We want to be real everyone.

Human human intelligence support is podcast

and enforce the Jerome experience and make this dominant, which it already is just to say, listen bitches, you may for

feed. Any Bravo about seen in.

New shit every morning, but you're fucking get the job.

 

Logan experience up your flock and ass,

oh Jesus Christ, there ever done

I turned my phone. What does CNN China FUCK enforce media, but where does Iphone force? Fiji

the possessed

Mama and it always jeers Cooper, antitrust every day about

did you know for sure that truck but disadvantaged group or a nice guy seems like a nice guy Mendoza. He worked there like

college right now beyond, beyond that he admitted it he's part of the light

websites, libraries in marking, we are real LE wait a minute I see.

As a whip division than ever. If you're the Astor family like he is or them Vanderbilt

Russia, Vanderbilt, John Jay, measure, Myerst wrath. His name is my

If you are, I Vas Arap. Now it's die now

 

Finally, at the very end, we're talkin,

in general terms,

sending information area, I think sometimes retard

my level, wars, stock and Joe Rugen experience and any Bravo

in Romania,

right here to do a rock and roll conspiracy theory, your network. If not, he believes you see, I am not sure how to desist go as well.

You thought beyond better better. This was fun.

Where it is also a joint approach. They what? What is it

thank your nine eleven. I also thought to be exactly like. This is as good as I could have hoped. We had a good time. We had allow laughs. We talked about some real shit. We brought

some news articles that can

firm allows crazy things, you're saying that make me like all those new arrests, those new rest about pedophiles and sex slaves, holy shit

that's real what story, whether what

 

What new source was that story of contaminated was ripe, and now how many different? Is it like all over the place and in a bunch different resources?

they're gonna have brought about the sex slaves and being releases and associated chosen it,

So I know what I'm sandstorm similar I'm Senor thinking. Tromp is a major force global force right now, Trump

and he talks Alex Jones. Alan Johnston

Joe Rogan and I'm here, because

Ro Gonna hold a god, damn ship

got some kind of lightning bolt gone through the world right now a cure, but it's not like Jos, like I always together more there and had to be like this, for it to be like this every every day before

today, however, went down how to be like this. For us. For this to happen,

Are you going to be years than eight years back? I June

some erasure, you gotta coming studio

 

That's an order that more than seventy four stores wrestling, many many many major new sites create Alex

This is the galactic thing going down right now, man well here some interesting things are happening to people and its happening at an accelerated ray and we're all part of that everybody listen ass. Everybody talking to France is everybody was wide awake and everybody reading the internet, everybody watching, documentaries, everybody reading books, everybody understands that. We know more about how things work today than we ever have before and its weirder than we ever thought EST and discover any credible. The crane,

thing is when people are european

not asleep, and then a wig Europe

sleep and then your partially awake you know about. Oh you discover you

You saw Zeit guys for the first time, only partially away. You don't know about all this other stuff, so we can hear about all

other stuff, you still got that mentality. Well, that's bullshit! That's bullshit, people

partially awake. Not

 

everyone will shift. You probably has a lot of whack. You can select your lies out their real ness monster.

As far as our real is miles below is a shark. They believe its agreement, shark endless charge or the way they think it's a shark did a millions millions of years old and got into that water back when was connected to the ocean causing aging

creature and they used to think they're extinct, but now they dont anymore, they found some, so they they, they think the locked. As

that makes sense or elegance enterprise, which is why I would like, above all, you got your information from now on, like a scientist like what are you mention from you know, those guys can talk all that's that's what

is there an early jogging nobody's talk now

You talk what you're talking about Greenland Short Austrian are now

 

not only do about. Georgia is not only in the show. Yes, scary. Bravo back! No! No! No! No you're! My love, I might have known, as my song is one of them said everybody has a veto diagnosed now, thanks for listening and thanks to turn into episode, nine one you I'm wars during our Abu Alex Jones and Job Rogan, signing off our joy.

We are doing

I resist saying without further ado, could I just say:

times to slip on by Welcome

thanks are buddy thanks out Jones would be an awesome and some food.

Dynamite Rance back, I went on holy shit, foes aid

in stone. Out of my mind, I heard of doing that my my job out of a fuckin window who thanks eighty. Bravo thanks to you thanks everybody thanks for tuna and priests, eight, while you people

 

thanks, caveman coffee for fuelling us, Caveman, coffee, c, o dot com use the code,

Rogan save ten percent of any other coffee thanks to Jack threads, go to Jack threads Diet,

calm and entered the code. Word Rogan when you submit

you're, try out for twenty percent off anything you keep as Jack threads dot com and use the code. Rogue industry

twenty percent on anything you keep never by before you try again thanks to Nature Box, go to Nature box

calm, Ford, Slash, Rogan and you will say fifty percent off your first order, so Nature box, dot, com, Ford, Slash, Rogan, and thank you too, on good, oh and an eye

t use a code, word Rogan and save ten percent off any and all supplements who we did it. Folks, my

Apologies to Dan Floor Estonian Flores, who is the author of Coyote America book that have raved about we got I screwed up

 

when I wrote him down in my calendar as the second and he had it, because I wheeled with emailed and apparently I fucked up

wrote the first in the email and the second on my tail.

And I never bothered check an email again. So I fucked up.

We're gonna get down in another time he has to fly back to Lhasa or New Mexico. I think that's. Where is so we're going back in April? I'm sorry about that folks.

Read the book. It's an awesome book and just make the April part jazz.

Even more epic lots of great gas to come on very popped and have a good time. This thing called goes enjoyed. So, thank you very much,

appreciate you all and take care by.

Yeah.

