This is Info Wars, right? So you got some info warriors on both sides. You and you fought for us. You've been fighting this battle for a long time, Alex, and we just got to salute you as a Christian and as American because you paved the way to make braver soldiers like us today. It's like Terminator part 10 happening right now.

Free shipping is back at Infowars store.com. Free shipping is back at Infowars store.com on orders of $50 or more, and the other orders. You've seen the prices on that slash as well check out Infowars store.com today.

Infowars the most banned network in the world. It's Thursday December 1 2022. I'm your host Alex Jones and in studio yay is our guest he sent me here it says the next three hours or so. And also America first leader and that is Nick point as Ali Alexander Owen Shroyer, and many others are always going to be coming through here today. And yay, has arrived in a new ensemble here with us. But I'll assure you it is Yeah. Yay. Thank you so much for coming to Austin. Thank you. Thanks for having me. Well, where would you like to start? This first little five minute segment is just kind of a prelude to what's coming up. What do you want to cover here today?

This God runs the world and Jesus is the way and the life. And it's time to put Jesus first. And the way that we run our businesses, the way we the way we run our families, our businesses and the way we run our country.

Your radio listeners are on over 400 radio stations, they can't see you right now. Your This is a new look for you. And I've been wearing a mask for a while. Ah, yeah, this is an archetypal example of the mask is off by putting the mask on.

People could take it, how they how they want to take it. It's just, you know, it's interesting. If you look at a Michael Jordan or something, you would load up all these pitches, and he's smiling, and he's holding a basketball. He's jumper from the free throw line. And then you look at

Phil Knight, and you barely could see a picture of him and he's got his face covered. So I don't have to show my face. It's me.

That's my that's my right. Absolutely. Well, that's that's.

That's what Hollywood wants to do, though, is to control everybody's images. Exactly. So I'm in control of my image. Now. It's no longer the people that froze my account is no longer the people that threatened me. We've got past the threats. They tried to throw me in jail for the truth. And, you know, people believe me. And people see that I wasn't crazy on what I was talking about. And they tried to write it off, and they keep trying to write it off. But the truth is, the more and more I'm faithful to Christ, the more and more he's going to keep on unlocking the blessings. You know, he set it on my heart to build communities to build farms, to build schools to build the choir. And but when you do that, you have to be really obedient. Hey, guys, could you not talk in the back? I'm like really hypersensitive to sound if you guys want to talk to us going out the room, please.

But we have to be really obedient. You know, like, one of the big topics right now is all of the pedophilia advertisement. And my take on that is, you know, there's, there's one place in the Bible where it says God sees sin differently. And there's another place where it says,

yeah, let me get out my phone, I can like, really pull up the exact thing it says in the Bible, the general gist and we'll get back to it after the five minute break is that you have to

stay strict to everything and remove as much sand as possible in order to serve God. And when people look at pornography, when a when a grown man is looking at a grown woman have sex on camera, you're still looking at someone's daughter, and you're looking at a lot of times someone that is the product of pedophilia.

So people will engage in going to strip clubs or looking at pornography. But then they the moral compass is like, Oh my God, look at the pedophiles. But in a way, anybody who looks at pornography is a form of of a pedophile. Also, let's let's bank it all in. It's very simple. We're not going to be talking about all this moral code and these standards right here is either Christ said so or

Christ said no. Yeah, powerful information. I totally agree with you back in 60 seconds. If you want over 400 radio stations, Nick pointed at the studio. Everybody thought about it, you know, tune in now infowars.com forward slash show. Let's break the internet today. Stay with us. Well make no mistake this Thursday, December 1 2022. Broadcast is beyond the Twilight Zone. Because truth is stranger than fiction. Yay. Maybe more controversial than Alex Jones or Donald Trump now. I mean, there's about the most controversial people in the world. And obviously the most attack to demonize he's here Nick Fuentes is here as well America First we're gonna have Ali Alexander on Owen Shroyer, this thing's gonna go for the next three plus hours as long as as long as J wants to go, some stages don't carry the first five. But you just dropped some bombs that I totally agree that are huge. Yay. So recap that to continue on, sir. Okay, so I looked this up. It's about sin. That's what we're going to talk about sin today. And how we need to do everything that we can. We're imperfect, but to fleet to free ourselves of sin and repent for sin throughout the day, at night, and in the morning. So right here, the Bible says right here, I'm gonna do Corinthians two like Trump, you know, new new Christian kind of reading of this. So bear with me, I love Jesus. But I'm not the most, you know, experienced Christian. And it says the book of Proverbs

616 Dash 90 And I'm sure that's the wrong way to read it. It's okay, you got the floor. Okay, identify seven things that God hates. Although there are not any punishments prescribed for those Scripture clearly indicates that God does view sin differently. And that he prescribed he prescribed. He proscribed a different punishment for sin, depending upon its severity. Now watch this one. It says where the, the phrase all sins are equal, in the eyes of God comes from, as far as I can tell, the most common argument for the belief that all sins are created equal comes from the book of James to 10. It states for whoever keeps the whole law and get stumbles at just one point is guilty of breaking all of it. Now, I'm a big fan of Steve Jobs, even though he did create apple. And if you notice, the logo of Apple is actually the fall of man, the forbidden fruit, the bitten apple, right? So we can get into, you know, what, what social media has done to families and all that we got three hours, right. But I liked the way our our incredible American inventors like Disney and Hughes and Steve Jobs, the way they ran their companies and invented things that changed the world. And the way Steve ran his company was his version of a sinless office, every one had to be so meticulous, to be able to take what was 10 things at one time and make it and put it in the palm of our hand. Think about an iPhone. It's your fax, it's your email. It's your phone. Now it's 1000 things. Yeah, it's your camera. It's your, your flashlight. Yeah, it's like 1000 things in it. But he had to have his army, go in with a sinless approach. And right now, you know, Gideon call God called Gideon, to make an army, the 300, the real 300 Not the movie version, that we're all focused on serving this mission at the time. So we have a mission right now, to save our families from social media from Zionist control, and bring Jesus Christ back to the forefront. And we're protected. You know, I don't have security, my security is the angels. My security is the fact that I didn't load up pornography last night. And I said, this addiction is gonna have to flee from me. You know, this addiction since I was five years old, that is destroyed. My mom and my dad's family that destroyed my family. Like, when I take full accountability for the destruction like of my marriage, when I when I'll point at the liberals and say, You took my wife from me, you know, what took my wife for me the fact that I was married to this beautiful person. But I felt like it wasn't enough. I felt like I still needed to look at pornography in some way. I'd say to her, we'll stop making these images stop breaking the internet. You know, that original term comes from my ex wife actually having a nude photo that I didn't know about that someone use her and put her on a magazine. But there's somewhere where she's like, well, if my husband is looking at this, I still want to be like the girls that are doing this and this becomes people reliving the traumas, pushing the addiction. the pornography industry is not even a big industry. It's like less than $10 billion, right? So that means that it's not used for prosperity. It's used for disparity. It's finally GA.

Well wrote 1984 And he'd been the number two guy and psyops for OSs and ran propaganda for the British government. But he found out that he didn't like Hitler. But he found out that they were actually manipulated and credited him. He didn't like to communist. He'd been one of them, he found out the British intelligence had had actually created that and done that. And he explained in it for that pornography has something to destroy families, destroying our souls and get us to commit. He wasn't going to be Christian. But but but get us to debase ourselves so that they can control us. Absolutely. You got alcohol and pornography? Are these legal drugs. Alcohol is a spirit, I'm going to, we're going to go into the spirit of alcohol lay. Well, let's just go to the facts. today. Let's not just even do opinions. And I love how you brought that down, because now you got God's warriors coming together right now. Okay. Nick Fuentes doesn't have a Twitter account. Alex Jones doesn't have a Twitter account. But hey, guess what, Elon, I got a Twitter. And today, I'm gonna have Nick and Alex. Tweet from my account, you like that ARIA manuelle.

I'm all about free speech. And the greatest threat is those that want to silence. This is why comes first amendment. Anybody trying to take your speech is the enemy? Oh, absolutely. Well, and it's,

I do find it a little bit hypocritical that Elon Musk said that he was purchasing Twitter to create a free speech environment. He says that free speech is the thing that's going to save the West and our civilization. But yet he has taken exception to you, Alex for some seemingly specific reason, maybe personal to him, but definitely not principled. So I think it's time that the people finally demand a real victory here. We've been at war essentially, since Trump came down the golden escalator seven years ago, to put America first to put Christ first to free the internet, and do these kinds of things. And here we are all this time later. And it seems like we've stagnated or in some ways, maybe even taken a step back. So it's time that people demand, we want Christ first, we want America first. We want Alex Jones back on Twitter. These are just unreasonable demands, I see it like this, and I'm gonna be able to elaborate on this, but I don't want you to get his run, because he's got so much to say. And he always gets cut off, but I'm gonna try to shove as much but he we can go for five hours. We want to make shows, actually, four hours long. I was just hoping for three, well, we'll do four hours, if you guys are up for it. But here's what I'm saying.

I am a classical liberal at hearts. I love everybody. And I judge people by what they do not employ they are. And then I look at the things you said and some of them out of context I don't agree with but compared to a liberal, a modern liberal saying white people are inherently evil, and white people are bad because their skin color. And then that's what the ADL and Southern Poverty Law Center. And these leftist groups in Hollywood have pushed. So they're putting out something beyond what Hitler said, but reversing it onto white people and we're supposed to sit there and accept it. And then he comes out and says, Hey, you know, I see kind of a mafia running thanks. And he's the devil. No, that's bullshit. Sorry.

I we're gonna curse a little bit less on this. Yes, reverend. I'm gonna try. I'll stop. And the reason I want it, Nick, people have heard from Nick. But he people haven't heard from Nick. With yay, standing right next to him. You know, it's like, that's the thing that the Zionist control the 300

and control of the media and control of the government, they don't want us to connect to each other. Like my dad said, Okay. They say you're anti semitic, but they say he's a white supremacist. And he's asking me, well, what's the difference? I said that there is no difference. It's just separation and confusion. They want to separate and confuse the Christians and make us afraid to stand next to each other. A Christian can stand next to anyone we can go visit our Kelly in prison, we can go talk to Harvey Weinstein. That's what Jesus did. Yes, because Jesus can save everyone. And but if the Zionist can get us so afraid that they're gonna do what they've been doing to me attempting to put me in jail, freeze my accounts, smear me on the media, you know, all of these things, you know, you put on the whole armor of God, and they will not be able to break your spirit they have, by the way, we can do three hours on the subject, and you do five hours on it. And let's just get it all going now because I want to get into everything about your plans to bring jobs to America, unifying people running for president, all those other issues. So I'm not steering us away from that. I'm just saying let's just run with it. As far as you guys want to go. And then I want to get into all the other topics and surroundings. Oh, beautiful. So where do you want to start? Well, I mean, I would just start with this. There are good people from every group and every type of culture we all know that but definitely the left. When it was American defeated Hitler calls their opposition Hitler when both my grandfather's almost died in the Army Air Corps. Both of them almost died. One of them crashed landed at your mission and

Not all broke up. The other one got hit the German air raid in North Africa. And he'd only done like a team has missions. And then he'd had a concussion and he was the captain. And then his buddies went the next day and blew up over Italy. He was always freaked out. But I never really talked about to like die. But we die. We read the letters and all the awards, he had stuff and the things he did after that, and then you'll reappear and recommitting to the Army Air Corps. So I take it as an offense to have George Soros and people that actually work for Hitler. rounding up people tell me I'm a Nazi, when I almost don't exist when my grandfather is one over there. So So I got a lot to say about this as well. It's just it's just nuanced with the whole thing that's going on. But expanding on that. Yeah, give us because I want you to go wherever you want. So just, let's just have you talk for 1015 minutes more before me and me. And we got a lot here from points as needs to be heard. But we want to hear from you. Go ahead. Well, I said with Ali Alexander and Nick for winter says that we're like the SWAT team of free thought, and I go on with this battle ram at the door. And then they come in with these laser beams and have that information. And we work together as a team. A lot of times in media, they want to single out one person and burn up to the core. That is the Zionist approach. And they're asking me to use that same approach. Well, hey, don't say all people just say specifically the businessman. And then I go on Lex Freeman. And I say who it's specifically and that's still not enough. They're still taking it too far. Everyone knows and agrees now that it's like a reverse version of American History X the scene when they put the guy's head against the curve and kick the back of it. And now people are like, wait a second the the so called crime doesn't deserve the punishment. What did I thought let's right you're not Hitler. You're not a Nazi. You don't deserve to be called that and demonized? Well,

I, I see, I see good things about Hitler. Also, the Jew, I love everyone and Jewish people are not going to tell me. You can love.

You know us, and you can love what we're doing to you with the contracts. And you can love what we're, you know what we're pushing with the pornography. But this guy that invented highways invented the very microphone that I use as a musician. You can't say out loud that this person ever did anything good. And I'm done with that. I'm done with the classifications. Every human being has something of value that they brought to the table, especially Hitler. How about that one? Aria manual? How you like that one? Hey, Ron, you're gonna do anything to fix Chicago?

Well, I am worried about the 1000s of black folks on a mother's Chicago but but let me explain because that's a nuanced issue. You know, my, my, my grandfather grew up in Dallas, and from a pretty wealthy family. Also, Hitler was born Christian.

I've actually studied some of the history on it, but but it's very interesting. My grandfather, you know, grew up and actually some of your family spoke some German. There's a lot of Germans in Texas. But did you know that he grew up next door to the inventor of air conditioning, and the inventor of the major vintage refrigeration. And so my issue was growing up, my grandfather told me the stories about some of the inside baseball, and the things that went on. And but later, I'm gonna get into that I'm gonna tell you some stuff about Hitler, that you might not know directly that happened to my people I knew, I'd love to hear everything because guess what we don't get to hear. It's hidden. Even like our truth, the fact that African Americans were in America before the pilgrims, that truth is hidden, that we are actually the Native Americans are some of us are native, or the fact that we carry gun trouble is pointing out that we're Jewish slave boats, like, and then you look at Australia, they've done some genetic typing of the Aborigines there, they're basically Africans. There you go, you know, to all of these truths. And then the current truths about banking about the government. My favorite thing that I got to say with Tim Poole was Rahm Emanuel was right there. Next Obama, Jared Kushner was right there next to Trump. What are those two people, those two Zionists? I gave it away have in common? Nick, can you pick that up and expound on that? Absolutely. Yeah, you know, and it's interesting, because you've been going on these interviews with Lex Friedman, and with Tim Poole and Piers Morgan. And they always say, Well, don't talk about a group talk about the individuals. And I'm gonna point out one, it's hypocritical because in the same interview, Tim Poole said, well, wouldn't you be so great for the black vote? You can say the black vote, we talk about Jewish businessman. And somehow that's a problem. You can't talk about groups when it's one but not the other. The other thing is that there is something baked into the cake in Judaism, which affects how they're brokering these kinds of contracts with entertainers, like yeah, if you look at the Talmud, which is a real Jewish holy book, or part of the holy book, there's the written

Torah which is the Hebrew Bible, there's the Oral Torah, which was written down as the mission up. And then interpreted in the Talmud. And the Talmud. It says that Jews have to treat Gentiles differently than they treat other Jews. There's all kinds of examples of this. They say that if you accidentally if a Jew indirectly kills a Gentile there's nothing even wrong with that there's nothing morally wrong with that. They say that for a Jew to have sex with a Gentile is comparable to beastie ality. They say that the semen of a Gentile is like that of horses. They also say that you can't give a gift to a Gentile a Jew is not permitted under the Talmud to give a gift to a Gentile. They're not permitted to charge each other interest, but they're encouraged to charge Gentiles interest do they say about pedophilia? They say that that's in some cases listen. Well, here's a you telling me in their holy book, it says it's okay to be pedophiles. As long as it's not another Jewish person. That's something that came from Adam, I'm not 100% Sure. Well, let me just get this let me just get this out front. I believe in free speech. And and I That's why I want you to be here be able to say whatever you want. I'm quite a historian from a modern multifaceted views show at a certain point, I'm gonna give my nuanced views of this. Because there are power structures, there are mafias, and there are cliques. And there are groups, and there is certainly leftists Jews that call everybody Nazis, they don't agree with you. You don't want open borders, you don't want your guns taken or you don't wanna take a shot. The ADL had a meeting last two weeks ago and said, Alex Jones is an agent of evil. He's been taken off the air, he's the devil, because he doesn't want you to take four shots. And I'm like, What are you doing calling me anti semitic? I'm not against groups. I don't get into group politics. I've got I Sorry, sorry. Sorry. I didn't mean to say that.

Alex, yes, sir. I've got the perfect answer for the ADL. They are gonna have to listen up. What we did is we brought Netanyahu with us

I'm in the twilight zone right now.

Netanyahu? What do you have to say? What do you have to say to Alex Jones right now Nick Fuentes. And yay.

It was bad. It was bad for me

I had no idea your voice is gonna sound like that. And then Yahoo.

So you don't like Benjamin yet? Yeah.

I just I just heard about this guy two weeks ago. So it's like the tweet and I thought he had a funny name. I heard he's like really into like it. He's like a super killer. I could die for saying this. So

the last time you hear from me look like I'm glad you guys are here. And we can we can we can sit here and upset. All I'm telling you is you guys realize that the British government created Hitler and the Milner group put him in power. And there's something much more sophisticated and I personally

think that most Jews are great people and I understand there's a Jewish mafia and and there there used to demonize anybody that promotes freedom, but I don't blame Jews in general for that, and there is a much larger eugenics transhumanist scientific elite agenda that's playing off. Abortion it's 50% of black deaths is over 50 I one of the papers I had your like Lysol and you're the director at edge barn. The

Margaret Sanger Rockefeller founded Planned Parenthood came out today and said, Because of your white guilt, white people need to give money so we can kill black babies. I swear to God, it's in my stack. If you had moved it off the desk, I can pull it right up for you. Why did I have you move it off the desk? Alex, if this is cluttered, I'm not bitching. I'm just sitting here by ask where's my papers? I don't have they're just a prop. I can literally go look I agree with you. Look at this. They say white people help us kill Black people for your white guilt. It actually says that. Now this is I'm agreeing with you. Is it a problem of props? We can. This is the voice of

your mob. You get your mob? I actually I'm gonna find the tweet here. Because I want to show you this this is a big guys. I sent it to you this morning. It was it was in the tweets. He pull it up. It's official Twitter of the Eugenics death cold talk about Nazis. I mean, we're gonna have Netanyahu step out for a second. Okay, Alex, are you gonna go

to another meeting? And

you're not only an artist, you're a comedian. But But Nick, that's what I'm getting at here is is that

is is is that it was a it doesn't matter. I just

there's there's fluoride in the water killing us all. They're injecting us with GMO. Oh, here's the question and I'm not I'm not an apologist for Israel. I'm trying to be balanced here. And I believe in first amendment I believe in free speech. I believe Dorsey said whatever you want, Israel has other than other than like Singapore and a few places the most draconian him

RNA injections in the world they have the highest death rate from the shots. They are literally forcibly injecting them like Josef Mengele, and Jews are dying in mass in Israel. So if the Jews are the secret group that runs it all, and I'm not denying that, you know, Jews run Hollywood what I'm saying is the Zionist if I'm okay, well, why would the Zionist be killing Jews in mass in Israel with the boys and shot? Because they work for Satan? They don't work for God. Exactly. So they they create atmospheres that get Jews persecuted, so they can control the Jews so they can kill them.

And you just did it. Just like George Soros help roundup Jews for Hitler. That's the next level. We just got there. And they control the left and the right. They make politics super messy, like when I went in, to meet with my boy, Trump. And the next thing you know, like he typed, he said, fake news went crazy. And I love Trump, like every other good Christian American, we just want to hold Trump to Christian values and say, that's the only way to the White House. And if he doesn't do it, then I'm gonna have to do it. I think that Trump is a more senior president. I think I've got some growing to do. But I love Jesus, it's kind of like David, all of his brothers had all this battle experience and he was tended to the sheep. But while he was out there, he had to fight bears and tigers. This is the little I know as a baby crochet trim. But he was able to beat that giant and right now this giant, there's a there's some cleaning, there's some, there's some plumbing that we have to do. And that's what I'm doing with my style of art, my style of humor, and who I am as a celebrity to say, Okay, I've been messed over enough by Jewish businessmen to get to the point to say, I'm not going to take it anymore. I'm not the first person that got D banked because of their political opinion. And I represent now the common man, if we go when we go I don't like the word if when we go into the White House, its us now it's not about specifically an icon or DeSantis issues. Yeah, it's it's about the issues in America. They stay there stay there, Nick boy does the studio uncensored folks, we're gonna come back after this break. And we're gonna come back after the break and play a George Soros compilation of him on NPR for a few minutes.

him on NPR and him on 60 minutes saying the best time of his life was rounding up and killing Jews. Yay, never killed any Jewish child. I want to know how do I get the ADL to love me? Do I round up Jews in Nazi Germany? Do I get love then towards neggers said he loved Hitler. They gave him an award. I'm just saying I don't like Nazis. And I don't like what some of the mafias are doing. Hitler. It was actually probably the happiest years of my life. That the year of German occupation. For me, it's a very positive experience. It's a strange thing. Because you see incredible suffering around you. And in fact you are, you're in considerable danger yourself. But you're 14 years old, and you don't believe that it can actually touch you, you have a belief in yourself, your belief in your father. It's a very happy making exhilarating experience. While hundreds of 1000s of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps. George Soros accompanied his phony Godfather on his appointed rounds, confiscating property from the Jews. These are pictures from 1944 of what happened to George Soros, his friends and neighbors. You're a Hungarian Jew

who escaped the holocaust by posing as a Christian, right? And you watched

lots of people get shipped off to the death camps. That was 14 years old. And I would say that that's when my character was made, in what way that one should think ahead, one should understand and anticipate events. And one is threatened. It was a tremendous threat of evil. I mean, this is a very personal experience of evil. My understanding is is that you went out with this protector of yours. who swore that you were his adopted God

went out in fact and helped him the confiscation of property from the Jews that side. Yes. I mean, that's that sounds like an experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many, many years. Was it difficult?

Not Not at all. Not at all. Maybe as a child you don't you don't see the connection.

But it was it created No, no problem at all. No feeling of guilt. No

For example, that I'm Jewish, and here I am watching these people go, I could just as easily be there. I shouldn't be there, none of that. Well,

of course, I

could be on the other side or I could be the one from whom the thing is being taken away.

But

there was no sense that I shouldn't be there because that was

actually funny way. It's just like in markets, that if I weren't there, of course, I wasn't doing it. But somebody else would be taking it away anyhow. University, whether I was there or not, I was only a spectator. The property was being taken away. So I had no role in taking away that property. So I had no sense of guilt. Are you religious? No.

Do you believe in God? No.

All right. My mission here today is to offer the First Amendment because as long as you're not carrying out violence against someone, we're asking people to be violent like the left's ask people to burn down cities and attack Republicans and celebrate Rand Paul and Scalise being shot and attacked.

Then you have your free speech. And when the left came out the last 10 years and really accelerated the last five, six.

It said White people are inherently evil, because of the color of their skin. And that somebody that who moved here as a kid from Poland,

they're supposed to pay reparations for what people did hundreds of years ago on this country. It's a divide and conquer strategy. I'm getting into the reparations debate. I'm saying the group's pushing reparations are trying to cause division. So I've said it the most Nazi like activities I've seen. And the Nazis in my view, warthogs it shut people down, did a lot of really bad things. But they did good things, too. We're gonna stop this and the Nazis all the time. Okay, we're gonna get to that. I don't want to get digressed into this. But what mirror I tell the story about my grandfather, growing up in the richest neighborhood in Dallas. And down the street was a famous German American inventor. And he was a first generation person he would come in when he's a little kid on ship. And he was a bunch of patents on air on on on refrigeration and air conditioning. And

my grandfather worked the time it was about eight years old, because he took him under his wing

in his little tinkering factory that that he had factories in places like Detroit that actually built the stuff. And my grandfather, the main reason he joined the Army Air Corps, he told me, and he didn't tell me a lot about this. He just told me the story was because he watched that man very quietly, once Hitler got power in the 30s, suck every dime out of him or he would kill his relatives in Germany. And that guy was blond haired and blue eyed. It was as German as, as you could get as Arnold Schwarzenegger, or, you know, as, as Teutonic as as Germanic. And the point was, my grandfather saw that so I understand you're opposed to other forces. But I don't think then thinking other forces in history that are lionized. That's my personal experience of what my grandfather

Clyde William Hammond told me, does that make sense? It, not totally to me, but it's and I'm not saying that to be disruptive. I'm saying like, it literally doesn't totally make sense to me. I'm following it. But I was just thinking about Satan, that whether it's the Zionists, or Hitler, it's not the person. It's Satan, using the people that I agree with that are controlled by demonic forces. But what I'm going to say is the Jewish media has made us feel like the Nazis and Hitler have never offered anything of value to the world. Meanwhile, there's all of these things that are happening in Planned Parenthood is New World Order population eugenics that is happening to this date. I got some jokes here from Owen Benjamin that I want to read about Ben Shapiro. Hey, Candace Owens unplugged this robot before he runs his mouth.

Ben Shapiro's cardio is picking up shackles. Shapiro can tell how much change is in your pocket, just from hearing a jingle

Shapiro is just mad that Kyrie won't sign his basketball.

Back to you, Alex.

You sit down there you want to say something? Yeah. Well, I agree with the A I think that when you look at what's going on today, so much of the political landscape happens in the shadow of World War Two and the Nazis and Hitler. And I think it requires a little bit of an investigation and examination of where those values come from, you know, people talk about Nazis and Hitler but the United States had camps as well. The United States put the Japanese and internment United States injected black people with syphilis.

Yeah, and and you know, I totally agree with you. Yeah, the United States has Instagram selling pornography to little kids and they're selling people are selling it's prostitution rings and stuff. Is your point let he without sin cast the first stone. You're just Instagram is a prostitution ring. Like I went 30 days off of Instagram and it was the best part of the fast. Me getting kicked off Instagram was the best thing that ever happened to me. Because when I go to it, it's like watching it with the day live goggles, which is something that Owen, Owen Benjamin, you guys got to pull this up. Dave Chappelle is a hack and he gets a lot of his jokes from Owen Benjamin. Oh, Dave Chappelle went on a Jewish platform and said, they dropped that nigga. Dave Chappelle said, they dropped that nigga talking about yay. And he called me Kanye, and I'm supposed to be his friend, Dave Chappelle does not believe in God and does not believe in Jesus. These are the kinds of black leaders that the Zionists put in front of us. And meanwhile, we want to knock Herschel Walker, but Herschel Walker changed his life for Christ. And he might have had abortions, but he doesn't believe in abortion. If you're what matters is you and I have to what matters is the heart.

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, I agree with Yeah, I think that it's time that America has a fearless visionary leader who serves Christ who wants to bring the future fourth, and engineering and theology. I think that when you look at the options that were offered, and I said this on my show the other week, and the news said, Oh, he supports DeSantis. I said, the moderate Trump that says nobody even knows it's just somebody that all the left are all a sound. Well, let me raise that. Let me raise that since you guys got into this. We'll do hours on this. cut you off, Nick, I want you to let him complete his thought. So the moderate Trump versus DeSantis will not produce any outcome where America or Jesus is put first, Israel is or rather DeSantis is mobbed up with Israel and Mossad, Donald Trump his speech his announcement was written by Jason Miller who's controlled by foreign interests. If there's a Republican primary between them, too, and they go up against Biden or they go up against Newsom there is exactly zero chance that we get any kind of regime that's going to deliver the real trick. I got a question. If I say something that's provocative towards the Mossad is that misogynistic? Hold on, let's hear from

Hey, I'm

gonna kill you. I take the children away from you. Thanks a lot, Nitin. Back to you, Alex. Please turn your phone microphone around, sir.

I'm definitely overwhelmed here right now. Info wars.com. tomorrow's news today. Listen, all I'm trying to get through here is, I believe every group should be named a net and I dropped the, the Yahoo. So we didn't have to. I was tired of picking up the Yahoo and the net. And so for now, it's just Nat and I know some people call them BB. No, it's only calling Yeah. But we're gonna call him

what you want, hey, right after this, I'm gonna say you're crazy. I'm gonna take your family away from you.

You cannot cause free we have to control the history books, we have to control the banks, and we have to go and kill people

so

and a whole lot, hopefully, you're gonna take the mask off because this is this actually gay here?

Is this the mask is coming off in a little while. We're gonna be able to have a discussion about this. But But I mean, seriously. You have the globalist pushing a poison shot that's already killed 20 million people that they admit doesn't work. And then you're the bad guy for criticizing a group when I'm saying is when the left said, white people are inherently bad because they're white, the last six, seven years, they opened the gates up. So what do they expect? It's wrong, in my view, to say any group is inherently bad or has these traits or whatever we should judge the individual. But it's wrong for the ADL to have what are very racial policies. ADL is played out nobody knows who the ADL ah stop giving them attention. Nobody cares about the ADL ADL shadow they run all the all the censorship and everything. They don't run anything they're played on. We run the streets.

Well, I'm singling out the ADL so that's that's we don't know who they are. No one at high school knew what the word anti semitic was until yay, made it popular.

No, I hear you it's definitely a tiger by the tail. Next, you want to comment here?

Yeah, I just want to jump in and say that, you know, I don't think yay. And or I are saying that any group is particularly bad or the Jews as a group are bad, but there are Jewish practices that are based on Jewish law. And there is clearly some kind of a Jew

Jewish mafia. I'll give you a perfect example. It was Ari Emanuel of WMV. They called for total boycott on yay. Ari Emanuel's two brothers are Zeke Emanuel who is the architect of Obamacare and the Obama White House. And his other brother is Rahm Emanuel, who is the Chief of Staff for Obama and the mayor of Chicago. Their father, Benjamin Emanuel was part of the Ergun, which was a Zionist terrorist group in the 1940s. The definition of anti semitism, according to the State Department is if you say Jews have any allegiance to Israel, it's anti semitic. If you say that Jews have any kind of conspiratorial influence in America, its anti semitic. So we're supposed to believe that if Rahm picks up the phone and gets on a call with Zeke, and Ari, and they talk about their jobs, which are running Hollywood and running the Obama White House, a conspiracy, we acknowledge that happens worse, we're called anti semitic, but it's the truth. It's a truth that they make those calls. And it doesn't mean that every Jewish person is in on it. There are good Jews like Darren Beattie and Laura Loomer, and there are lots of fine people are Aluma call in. Also it's like there's Jewish people that are basically hide in the under their floorboards right now under their wooden floors. It's like a reverse version of the Holocaust, because there's Jewish people that saw how I was treated, and they're like, This is wrong. This guy just gave an opinion. I didn't cause any harm. I didn't harm anyone. i All I said is, and I spelled it wrong, because I was drinking alcohol. And we see the Bible says you can drink but the king should not drink. Right. And I shouldn't have been drinking. I shouldn't have said DEF CON, that was a $2 billion tweet. Basically.

I know you know about getting sued. I hear yourself so so let's expand. Yeah, that's also drinking. So So let's expand on this.

What you say is what I'm trying to say. You didn't kill anybody. You're simply here saying this. And you're being demonized and attacked. And you're saying that that is? That is super critical. But that's what I'm trying to tell you. George Soros admits he went around rounding up Jews with other protected stole their money in 70. Nazis. What my point is, is that that's what the left does. They hide behind black people, they hide behind Jews, they hide behind groups, and they use racial politics to control and so I think that's the most important thing is to understand that we can all come together under Christ so they blackmail Okay, go ahead about the Christ thing. I want to hear this Oh, we can just I'm just saying. I mean, I don't hate anybody because of their religion or their background. And there's great people remember organization and I think George Soros can come to Christ, it is a possibility that he can convert and come to Christ. Once you meet with George Soros, and we wanted to be with you. I wouldn't be with anyone. That's only Laura. We're live. What's up? This is Laura Loomer.

I am watching live I saw you just said that you wanted me to call in so I'm calling in. Well, how did how did she have your number?

Well, she called me because she had some concerns about my low running my campaign. No, that's great. So here's the deal. Can we we've got more numbers number than we call her on Skype or zoom. Can we actually put her on the show? Laura, you're on the speakerphone. Can you come on via Skype or via phone right now? Yeah, I can't I can't do a video right now. But I could do I could do audio. I texted your producer.

Laura, we're gonna call you right now or put you on air in two minutes. Don't trash Milo. I like Milo.

I'll call in right now. Do you didn't say yes. They're gonna call her they got her.

This was crazy. Listen, all I'm trying to say is my love is Jewish. I love my love. Yeah.

And you got a little bit of a Hitler fetish going on. It's not a fetish. It's not a fetish. That's a term like, I just love information. They have a they have some documentaries. Apparently, Bezos is allowed to put up any documentary but if a basketball player tweets it he'll lose his entire career I think that that's that's where I want to go because you've got millions hundreds of millions of Chinese locked down right now by Chinese are great people but their government and that country is the most racist, homogenous, sick or homogeneous actually, group there is an all I'm Candice I really care about those Chinese people under lockdown because they want to use that as a model against us. I'm just kind of not

I'm not on the whole Jew thing is this is what I'm saying. I don't care if people talk about I believe in free speech. I'm just really worried about the forced injections World Government 5g, the open borders, the collapsing currencies, war with Russia. What do you think?

I don't have all of that information. I have the information that two days ago I thought I was gonna be put in prison because my accounts are frozen. No, I get it. You're in Hollywood and the managers you see our show. I get it from your perspective. I get what you're saying. Yeah, and I love Jesus. And I have to fight

This war to make a better place for my for my children and for everyone else's children. I gotta put myself my accounts My name at risk to stand in the front of this war that we have. This is Info Wars right? So we're gonna give this information on Infowars by the way, I asked the crew very lovingly I love the crew, but you guys gave me the tweet I sent you this morning of the of the

abortion mill, New World Order depopulation kill the black people organization Planned Parenthood, where they said it's white people's job to get money so we can kill Black people. It actually says that. And he did want me to have it on the desk because he wanted to be able to have it all clean and stuff and I get that so I'm happy for you. But well, you guys give me that damn tweet. Because I love you to death. But I'm gonna ask you for an hour I need that damn tweet. I want to show people this because it is such it is such mind control to say white people. You've got white guilt actually say you're bad because you're white, help us kill Black people. What type of freakish crazy world is that? Gay Zionist?

Is that? Is that too wide of a idea? Do I have to just go specifically to who does that but it's the devil is the devil. We all like grandma used to say we all need Jesus Christ. And where I'm at this position where God is you. He's using me as a vessel. Everyone always knew that I was special. But now I get to be a vessel. And I feel so you know, can we I'd like to go into a prayer to pray that my cousin wrote. Now this prayer is it's pretty long. So please don't cut me off in the middle of this prayer. I'm not going. So what happened is, I was on a we were doing a family prayer zoom on Sunday. And his name is Wayne. And he tells me says Kanye. He's like, bro, my name is Jay. You say a prayer. And then I said my prayer. And I felt that it was very profound. I felt like it was Jay level bars, where I said, let's let's remove this whole conversation of morality. And let's go. Let's stick to the Bible and say, either Jesus said so. Or Jesus said no, hon, I'm away to you dropped this

bomb. Alright, so. And I felt like that was profound. That's like a bar that made me top five Freeman artists without an album this year. Either Jesus said so. Or Jesus said no, because we want to bring in our creative direction, our opinion and our moral compass. Forget the words moral compass, is it in the Bible? What did the red letters say? What did Jesus say about it? And then we make our decisions off of that. So I said this. And then I also was I had an idea. Let's stop hoping. Let's pray. Let's talk directly to God. Let's stop hoping for stuff I grew that he has hope in here. And I took it out. And I put it back in. And then he said this prayer. And my family members. They didn't say anything. And then he said his prayer. And all the whole family was like, oh, that's the best player ever heard. And he's like, I know, I know. My parents can be intimidating. I know. I know. They're like, Did you write that down? That was the best player ever. And I was thinking like, Bro, why you set me up? Why you sent me I'm just saying my prayer, right before your prayer. But this is his prayer. I was like, oh, send me that prayer, bro. That prayer was pretty good. It says uh, now, Nick is Catholic. So he doesn't like referring to Jesus as Yahweh God.

But I am. But I my black and my African and my Semite. What what is the date? They call me anti Semite. They said I'm a nigger and rap. They said I'm black. He told me say it loud. I'm black and I'm okay James Brown. You tell me who I am. But I know that I'm a child of God and I know Jesus died for us. This is the daily prayer written by my cousin Wayne. Your way God thank you for life, health and strength, faith, hope and love. And another day to bless protect your most holy name. I surrender all Yahweh God and acknowledge that all things are spiritual before they are physical. For this reason, we also declare and decree that you are the maker, Master ruler, creator and guide are of our spiritual lives. We also acknowledge our brother Jesus Yahshua, and the blood he shared that gave us blood paved pathways back to the holy of the holies as we humbly come before you all mighty, you're all Mighty Throne of mercy and grace, we welcome your glory to the rest to rests heavily upon our shoulders. Bless our crown with supernatural wisdom and understanding our way God so that we may walk in the true knowledge of who you are and who you created us to be quiet our spiritual minds your way God, God, slow us down and put us in proper alignment and divine timing with the will and purpose you have for our lives. Open our spiritual eyes your way God, so we may better see all of the Divine

things of the Spirit, open our spiritual ears your way God. So we may better hear all of the sacred things of the Spirit, guard our spiritual mouth while Yahweh God plays a sensor over our divine tongues. So we may only speak words that glorify and edify you, soften our spiritual heart Yawei God. So we may walk into deeper communion, communication, commitment, intimacy, understanding, and our relationship with all of the Divine things of the Spirit, your way God, we recognize that the we do not battle against flesh and blood but against spirits and powers, principalities and rulers of spiritual wickedness in heavenly places. It is for this reason that we put on the whole armor of God, Yahweh God, we put on the helmet of salvation, and the breastplate, the breastplate of righteousness, we firmly attached the belt of truth around our waist, and drench our feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace. We take our sword of life spirit, which is the word of life and the shield of faith, with which we will quench all of the fiery darts of the enemy. Thank you for blessing us, from the top of our head, to the bottom of our feet, and everywhere in between, with the first what we need everything that we deserve, and then the best that you have for our lives Yahweh God and Jesus name, amen. And perfect time to go to break our number two uncensored with yea, Nick Fuentes, I'm your guest host here in Santa Salem world, as the whole world's crazy, all of us are nuts. This is this is Twilight Zone 2.0. We will be right back. When you say that I'm talking about all of us, the whole world is crazy. It is crazy.

That everyday, everybody's crazy, I believe that I've seen in the guest host here because these guys are hosted, we'll be right back with our number two.

December 2022 is here. And we are proud and very excited to announce that free shipping is back at Infowars store.com. That's right free shipping on all orders of $50 or more. But we've signed a new deal with a big national shipping company. And they're able to cut our regular shipping cost by up to 50%. So that means even on orders that are below $30, you're going to be paying way lower than you were previously. This is a game changer where I'm so excited about it, our listeners had really asked for free shipping. Again, we couldn't afford it before. But by moving to a bigger national distributor, we're able to do it. So now your orders will be shipped even faster, the same great customer service and more. So get huge discounts and free shipping on so many great items at Infowars store.com. Right now, I want to thank you all for your support. But now there's no excuse to boost your immune system need a healthier life and even vores on the air Infowars Store icon.

To young generation like Prime Minister Trudeau half of his cabinet are actually Young Global Leaders of stability, Craig said we penetrates the cabinets

the way

Canadians are watching very closely, obviously everyone in China should be allowed to express themselves should be allowed to share their their perspectives. And indeed protests we're going to continue to ensure that China knows will stand up for human rights will stand with people who are expressing themselves. We also need to make sure that China and places around the world are respecting journalists and their ability to do their job is the level of of admiration I actually have for China.

Because their basic dictatorship is allowing them to actually turn the economy around on a dime and say we need to go green as fast as we need to start, you know, investing in solar. I'll be there as a flexibility that I know Stephen Harper most dream about having a dictatorship that he could do everything he wanted, that I find quite interesting, regardless of the fact that we are attacking your fundamental rights or limiting your fundamental rights.

And the charter says wrong, we're still going to go ahead and do it. The small fringe minority of people who are on their way to Ottawa are who are holding unacceptable views that they're expressing do not represent the views of Canadians who have been there for each other who know that following the science, and stepping up to protect each other is the best

sway to continue to ensure our freedoms, our rights, our values as a country, we are not intimidated by those who hurl insults and abuse at small business workers and steal food from the homeless, we won't give in to those who fly racist flags. We won't cave to those who engage in vandalism, or dishonor the memory of our veterans. So to those responsible for this behavior, it needs to stop. The emergencies act will be used to strengthen and support law enforcement agencies at all levels across the country. As of today, a bank or other financial service provider will be able to immediately freeze or suspend an account without a court order. Justin Trudeau I mean, I thought he was kind of a cool guy, man, I started to read what he said. This is a couple of weeks ago he was or maybe this is September, but he was talking about people who are not vaccinated. He said they don't believe in science. They're often misogynistic, often racist. Now they're not that was not. Right, he said, but they take up space. And with that, we have to make a choice in terms of a leader as a country. Do we tolerate these people, it's like tolerated now you do sound like that? Well, the Bill of Rights is a stumbling block on the way to shutting down speech that the left doesn't like at least in government, but there's a new avenue for those who would like to censor what you say and think and that's corporations. The left have wised up to this if you want to stop someone from telling the truth, use companies to do it the social media giants and they are for many on the left, the view seems to have become that if you can't beat them, prevent them from speaking so far. The most prominent casualty of the crusade against free expression has been the radio show host Alex Jones, there is a concerted effort by the Democratic Party and multinational corporations in big tech to silence conservative and nationalist and populist voices. There's also guys on CNN that spend their whole day calling Facebook and saying can you ban this person he may be America's best known conspiracy theorist, but this week, Alex Jones his content will be a little harder to find shame on the mainstream corporate media for not defending the first amendment but instead attack dogging calling for federal regulators to shut down independent Free Press working with big tech. People know what's true, they can smell it, Info Wars, the most banned network in the world. In a free country, everyone can be hurt. In totalitarian societies, only the powerful and

the evil abuse of children that the world is waking up to today has been going on for many many years. The Industrial Revolution was fueled by hundreds of 1000s of children sold off of orphan trains at local fairs across the country, many of which were born within orphan asylums, and referred to as foundlings history shows us that not everyone sees an innocent child as someone to protect and the Balenciaga scandal is exposing a hidden cult that celebrates the death and torture of children. The same photographer who placed the Supreme Court ruling on child porn in the Balenciaga ad that sparked this whole recent scandal, also did a photo shoot for France's double magazine that featured a traumatized looking child having her passport photo taken for a trip to the same Disney Cruise Line that provides snorkeling trips off the coast of Epstein's Island, otherwise known as Little St. James. Both photoshoots appear to have been styled by Russian stylist, lotta Volkova, a highly celebrated stylist in the fashion industry who works for Vogue Adidas Chanel and has been a top stylist for Balenciaga since 2014. She has deleted her Instagram account since the scandal hit, but archived images show a dark appreciation for child abuse. Images of violent pedophilia, child torture, child disempowerment, say Satanism and cannibalism. Many of these images are appreciated by her rich and famous designer friends Gosha rubchinskiy And Marc Jacobs, both accused of peddling pedophilia in their own work. A recent video shows what appears to be fake babies sold in Blood spattered Balenciaga schwag in your bag

Eli,

can we do what's in the bag?

For you?

It's just

like when she starts to cry

when she's gonna pee

when she's boring

all

right as the Balenciaga scandal goes viral, Hollywood actress Nicole Kidman, who was recently glamorizing eating bugs, proudly releases her own Balenciaga ad on Instagram. From what we are learning about these people, it seems strange for us to put our faith in any single one of them. And by all appearances, this wasn't an accident. It seems to be another demoralizing SIOP onesie August stuff just gets worse and worse. Check this out.

The people that recruited all of the models for balance er because runway show was a woman called Rachel Chandler, who has been on Jeffrey Epstein's Island. She's even posted a picture on Instagram of CCTV footage back in 2013. bragging about being on an island. This stuff's got me wondering if all high end fashion brands are just fronts for human trafficking. So most of us know by now that Balenciaga got themselves cancelled by having BDSM bears photographed with children. The same style bears were featured in one of their last runway shows which was held in a mud pit, as if the brand weren't disgusting enough. But who opened for the show?

Yeah, Kanye West was pretty close with the Lindsey Yaga. Before they got canceled for that last photo shoot. Kanye has been all over the place for years. Everybody knows that. I'm sure he's been through a lot I feel for him. But let's keep our eyes open. Yeah, it's a very small club. And yet the majority of us still seem to obsess over them like royalty, which begs the question, do we have any power? And if we someday find that we do. What are we going to do about this evil reporting for Info Wars? This is Greg Reese.

It's almost like a yacht yay. Here the whole buildings is crazy. Our shells here back live with gay like point as riding shotgun. And we're gonna get Laura Loomer on the line. He didn't want to wear an earpiece, that's fine. We're going to call her on his phone, like 10 minutes or so it'll get to you, Laura. But he wants to get her on. So that's great. We'll get her on. Yay. Let me bring up since you guys want to get on this topic. The meeting with Trump. They're now using it against Trump. They're misrepresenting what who Nick is. And I think that's fair to say. And they're lying about you. And they're trying to make it the new reason that DeSantis should be the 2024 front runner. And I liked the sadness in many ways, but I don't like who he's aligning with all these big donors. And him playing along with this. It's it's very troubling. So So tell us about the meeting. What really happened there.

Nick, you have the minutes on it. That's right.

So it's where to begin, we I want to set the record straight. First of all, because there was a big piece in NBC the other day written by Mark pudo, with a lot of lies about the dinner. And I don't know if people were misquoted or have bad quotes were given but people are being led to believe that this was somehow a setup or an ambush to make the president look bad. That's not true. Yay, loves Trump. I love Trump. We came to the dinner to have a discussion with him and have a discussion with him about the 2024 race EA had a proposition for him. And so a lot of it was really put together in the last minute. I didn't even really know until I was at Mar a Lago. Whether or not we would be at the dinner was something that EA and I discussed on the flight there and the car right over. So I just want to get that cleared up straight away. Because I think Jay and I both believe that Trump is a great option. It's it really just comes down to Trump and yay for the most of them trying to Premeditatedly claim it was some secret meeting and he knew he was meeting with you. That's not true. No, yeah. And it was surprising because we had this conversation the day before we flew out. We were at we were in LA on that Monday. And I was told it may not even be possible for you to get into Mar a Lago. They said because there's so many people that will intercept you. There's a guest list and you have to be on it and their security list and all these things. So I was told that I may not even be able to get through. Well, we pulled up to the club. They checked out yay, they checked out Karen's ID and information we do

drove up. We walked in, we sat down in the lobby, the President came out of the dining room. And that was that he invited me to dinner. And I don't know if it was yea, or Trump. But one of them said, well, we want to bring Jamar care and the NIC into the dining room. And so we came in, we sat down, well, we took some pictures, yay, sort of lit up the whole room, everybody wanted to get a picture with him. We sat down at the table. And I want to say initially, it was a very pleasant dinner, Trump gave kind of the standard black voter pitch, he talked about the HBCUs, the opportunity zones, things like that. And then it turned out that yeh had accidentally sent a text message to a lawyer that both Trump and yeh share. And forward him some intel that Karen gave to us about how we were going to handle the Trump meeting, and how to read his body language and the kinds of things that maybe we should avoid, or things we might want to say. And so before the dinner, yay, accidentally forwarded that to a lawyer, who then in the middle of the dinner, apparently called Trump to say, Hey, Karen Jordan was involved. This is a setup. You guys are being set up right now. It was really just based on a misunderstanding. And after that, call he who's this lawyer? Do you mind if I say the name? Yes, it's yes, you mind? I don't. Okay. It's a Nikkor Vontae. So he was text. I don't mind I don't mind any names. I think that's the general gist. So let me get let him finish the entire story. So because we pulled up in the car and yay, said here, I'll forward you these notes. So he forwarded it to me and I said, Hey, I didn't get the text. And we kind of brushed it off. And we found out later he meant to send it to Nicholas cuentas. He sent it to Nicholas Gervonta on accident. So the dinner was actually very pleasant. It was very friendly. Yay, picked out a song to play he put on say you will off of ADA weights. And then Trump said, Oh, I don't know. Let's put on one of your hits. So he put on stronger. It was very congenial. Well, then in the middle of the dinner, Trump gets this call because Nick or Vontae apparently sent the tax to want to Trump's guys or somebody somebody called Trump and said Karen is giving a Intel is Karen worked for Trump. She ran the state of Florida during the Republican primary and 16. Until he got the heads up, they they thought it was some big ambush. So he gets off the phone, and the tone totally flipped. And he starts telling you these stories about how some of his black constituents had betrayed him. He told the story about how he got ASAP Rocky out of jail. He told the story about how he got the NBA basketball players out of the Chinese jail. And the moral of the story was if you go against me, if you're disloyal to me, I'll crush you. That was kind of the subtext of the story is from Trump. He said that Kim, Kim Kardashian, he said some nasty things about her because she endorsed Joe Biden after Trump released what what is it Alice Alice Johnson, Alice Johnson from prison, he commuted her sentence and then gave her a pardon. So he felt betrayed by that. And then EA made the proposition and said, Hey, I'd like you to be my running mate in 2024. And Trump sort of I gave him the opportunity. I didn't say I would like him to I said, you have the opportunity. Right? Yeah. My running mate in 2024. Yes. What do you wear a mask as well? I think it would look cool.

I do think it looks cool. So he sat back and folded his arms and he kind of smirked, and he sort of dismissed it. But then he got a little bit heated. And he said, You can't win, you'll never win, don't run, you can win at a lot of things. But you can't win at this. And then he turned to me and Karen and said you guys are smart. I know you work for him. But don't lie to him. Tell him tell him he can't win. And you know, I love Trump. And I love Yeah. And so I'm looking at Trump. And then I'm looking at Yang and

they say you're a white supremacist, are you white supremacist? No, not at all? Well spend some time on that. Yeah, you know, I'm a Catholic. I'm Christian. And so I believe that we know that sounds divisive from us right there, but it's not.

Well, I believe that we're all children of God. And so I think that black, white, red, brown, whatever. We are all we're all siblings in a certain sense, because we're created by God. I do though, believe that. There are races there are there are black people, there are white people, there are Hispanics. And these differences mean something to people, they mean things to each other. That doesn't mean that we can't get along. That doesn't mean that the love saying it's bad, even agriculture, they're saying none of us can say on this around that. Right. They want to melt us all down. That's what globalization is. They want to globalize the government, the economy and the population they want to global government. They want to globalize the economy through free trade, no culture, exactly and the population through immigration and they want to make it so that in 50 100 years, there are no distinct nations. There is no distinct peoples there is so nobody can stand up to him. Right. Just a slave class, undifferentiated. That's what they want. The future for

President you're talking to you right now.

Is Nick Your running mate? He's not old enough.

Yeah, Nick, how old are you? I'm 24. Maybe in a few cycle and Trump love Nick. He looked at me said, Where did you find this kid? He had no idea. What's the guy that wrote the speech that you didn't like Jason Miller, Jason Miller lied. Afterwards after that, he found out who you were. And what did Jason say in the press to start off because it it started to be like a series of lie after lie after lie and fake. It wasn't a tweet as a true social after truth, social after truth social. So give them the rundown on that. Yeah, so initially, we didn't publish anything about the dinner. It was rumored that yeh went to dinner with Trump. And it was rumored that I was at the dinner because I walked through the airport in Miami. Then there was a statement from Jason Miller, who spoke as a representative for Trump. And he said, Well, Nick Funches was not at the dinner. And it was only at that point, which was a lie. It was only at that point when we began to respond. And Jay said he can't say that Nick was at the dinner. That was a lie. But I mean, I actually liked the speeches that Jason Miller wrote, maybe I mean, he was just scared. Who was scared Trump. I mean, I think Miller thing, it was a setup.

I mean, I think that's what they thought they thought, Oh, this is a setup. And I think that's where that, but okay, but people gotta stop lying. Our leaders, our politicians have to stop being afraid, and being so political, and we have to put Christ first. And if anything comes from this, like, the best thing that can come from this is, I'm the President of the United States in 2024. The worst thing that could come from this is our leaders are held to Christian values, not Zionist values. Now, let's talk about the difference of Trump's truth, socials. Yeah, so he put out three successive posts. There's three responses from Trump on true social, and they just get more sort of erratic as the pressure grows. You know, the first one, he says, It was a very uneventful dinner. I did meet with yay. The next post was, I don't know who Nick Fuentes was, and he was totally uneventful. The third one, he says, yeah, a very troubled man who happens to be black came for badly needed advice. And so it just kept getting more and more, sort of angry and erratic. And, and I think what he's getting at and I don't want to put words in his mouth, but Trump is surrounded by handlers. He's surrounded by people like Jared Kushner and Jason Miller. He's got three campaign managers that are veiled because he got what he wanted out of Trump, right. What did what did Jared do when Trump was in office, he got the Abraham accords Jared Kushner with his best friend, Bibi Netanyahu at 666. Fifth Avenue. They brokered the Abraham Accords, which opened up investment from the Gulf states into Israel. What did net and have to say about it? Exactly? Netanyahu loves it, of course, because this loves expand on that. Jerry

said this.

Okay. Well, he'd be on my mind. My point is, is that

it's fair though, for Trump that is a political attack, to claim that he endorses or represents even the views that claim you hold that you don't hold. So clearly, you can see how the media is using you guys. As an attack on Trump. They're using us to try to put this guy we've never heard of DeSantis.

In office, like

DeSantis is gonna play by the book. The thing about Trump is, this guy is one of the best presidents we have. He's top five presidents. He's right there with Ronald Reagan. And he was a Wharton grad. He's one of the best businessman of all time. And the entire time he was the president. The Jewish media attacked him. They were mad because he was actually working for the country. And now they're doing everything including this meeting, to try to, to say he's not allowed to me what this is Info Wars. Who are you to say who the president can meet with Netanyahu? Like, I'm not going to the Holy Spirit fills me up in the lesson I have, the less angry I get, you know, so you can't make me angry. But if I was another version of gay the Kanye West that you guys know, I will be angry at net and for even speaking on one of the best presidents one of our best presidents of all times. Shut the shut the bless up now.

This is from Yeah, now you know who I am. Do you know who I am? Now, Netanyahu? You know who I am. Now, Jared Kushner? You know, I am Josh Kushner. Let me tell you something about softie Josh. Right? Marshmallow Josh was at a dinner. I'm at Jarrett's house, Jared and vohkus house, and

I didn't realize that the dinner that Josh Kushner had 10% of skims, which was my ex wife clothing line.

mine, which I have 5% of, and it's one of the reasons why, even after the attacker, Aria manual, had all of my deals destroyed, I was still worth $400 million. Right? And still had $250 million of cash available. Right? So

Josh, I say, What do you think about Jared worker for me in 2024, and just looks at Jared assists ha would kill them. And so then towards the end of the meeting, I'm leaving their apartment. They do like a soft hug. Because I think like Jared is soft as Jared is. He has to hug Josh extra soft. So you know, he doesn't melt like toilet paper. And what I realized afterwards that Josh had 10% of a line that I only had 5% Double, where I, you know, skills is an extension of Yeezy. It's an extension of our brand. Literally, I put the creative director from Yeezy at skims, because at first Kim's was a lingerie line. And then it was Kris Jenner's idea to make it a shapewear line. I said, I have the perfect person. Let's take these elements of Yeezy. And let's put this here. And then Josh goes in and puts $150 million from some investment firm to then control something that my ex wife was making for our child. And it's you're at this meeting and literally realizing, oh my god, I own this and ran this. This guy's double what I get. You don't even know he was the owner. Yeah. And that's what I explained to Jared. I was on texted Jared. I said, What if I had 10% of a line with Ivanka and you didn't know and you only had 5%? I'm sure you want to be learned you own 10% of 666 Park Avenue. He'd be pissed, or what if I had 10% of that? 800. How big was the deal that he did after he got out of what you're saying is we need reparations from Hollywood. We need the Hollywood elite that have almost all the money. They need reparations to America. I want to talk about how Jared did that first deal with net?

Yeah, he got billions. And this is something that was covered in the Wall Street Journal, Jared Kushner brokered the Abraham accords with Netanyahu. And before Trump was even out of office, they were arranging for how Kushner could take a massive fee from separate from kosher getting money. I don't know why koshering glows in the dark. It's creepy as hell. But I mean, that's a good peace deal to get the Arabs and Jews quit killing each other. I mean, I agree with you to some extent, but to me it actually that's a pretty I was I said, that's some good Kushner did I mean, I don't like Kushner did it for the money? Well, I mean, we got things. And I would say I'm not defending him. I'm saying it good to try to get Middle East peace.

So let's ask Nick, Nick, go ahead. If you want a Middle East peace, you have to go to Israel, because Israel is the one who has been bombing Syria, Israel's the one that's got 200 nuclear weapons, they're going nowhere. Exactly. And that's why they killed JFK and RFK was because of they were trying to get their WMD program off the ground operation Apollo, it was Jack Kennedy that wanted IAEA inspectors looking into it. Now, that is probably one of the main that's one of the reasons Kuniaki Oh, that was level what we need to say right now. And we're gonna bring Ali on us in a second is my both my parents were educators, right? And we're here as the educators. That's what's in our heart. When we get the information. We put ourselves at risk to give you the information. There's a lot of teachers, incredibly intelligent people that have been canceled and kicked out of universities for not playing along with the system. So stop looking at us, like celebrities, like we're trying to get media, we're using our physician putting our finances, putting our personal well being at risk to say the truth out loud. And I was on the plane with Nick and I said it feels like we're in Vietnam in the middle of the war with our backs to the wall holding our guns and saying, you know, Nick, how did you get here? Yeah, how did you get here? Of all the guns are going off and all the meat is going off and say this is Info Wars, right? So you got some info warriors on both sides. You and you fought for us. You've been fighting this battle for a long time, Alex, and we just got to salute you as a Christian and as American because you paved the way to make braver soldiers like us today. It's like Terminator part 10 happening right now. Wow. All right, we gotta go to break we're gonna get Laura Loomer on we're gonna get Ali Alexander on demand and grandmas smartest guys on politics. And we're gonna get just continue on Shroyer is gonna come on. We're gonna continue on as long as you guys want to go. We'll take breaks and stuff too and get you know, yay to eat something or whatever Me and Nick got somebody he has eaten yet. And where do you stay fasting? He just I probably won't eat. I'm probably gonna eat. So I'm like, Oh, my God, Italian Mangia, mangia. So we're gonna get a watch. I gotta watch my accounts because they've been frozen by the Jewish banks. So I need to watch my meals. Well, CNN says why people are evil Nazi so I mean, I disagree with both statements but I get the truth. I don't like the word evil next to Nazis. I think we need to

Oh, my goodness. You just because you don't like one group doesn't mean the other but I look like

I love Jewish people, but I also love Nazis.

Oh, man, well, I have to disagree with that. i But listen, we're gonna go to break. I'm the I'm the crazy one here. We're all crazy. The whole world is crazy. And the old power structures coming down. This is absolutely lit. This is lit lit lit lit lit lit. Number one show in the world right now. Everybody's shooting everywhere. Yay, everybody. I appreciate you being here. We're gonna go to break we're gonna come back and play that little pavement promo with you. And then we're going to air the Trudeau clip and go right back to you. Stay with us.

Yay is in studio. I'm Alex Jones, your host exploring Tez Olly Alexander Owen Shroyer about to join us riding shotgun. He doesn't want to wear an earpiece, so he's gonna call Laura Loomer.

So we're gonna put Laura Loomer on the way she was originally going to be on earlier. Yeah, you're hosting the show. Go ahead.

Laura, can you guys hear Laura on the mic?

What they're doing is they're talking to her out there. I told him 45 minutes ago. On the mic. Tell her you're gonna call her they didn't do that. Because it's such a party.

Can you guys hear her?

Laura say some?

Laura Loomer. Yeah, Laura, you're on the air. Go ahead.

How's it going? Yeah, go ahead. He wants to do it over speakerphone. Go ahead.

Well, look, I just I just wanted to call in, you know, I see that everybody on this stream has been canceled in some fashion. And, you know, I've also been canceled. And, you know, I have a unique perspective. Because, you know, I'm Jewish, and I happen to be one of the most banned and censored person, people in this country. And so, you know, I just wanted to talk about canceled culture and, you know, the act of de banking and deep platforming, from my perspective, because, you know, I was really one of the first people that experienced all of this canceled culture. And I would just say that,

you know, I can sympathize with anybody who's had their voice silenced. I don't think that censorship is the answer, no matter how much you disagree with another person, or how offensive you may find their statements or their arguments to be. And what we need in this country is more free speech. And I say that, you know, as a Jewish American woman watching the stream and, you know, watching the plague of canceled culture that has really swept not just our country, but the entire world over these last few years. And I will say that being Jewish has never saved me from being canceled, it never stopped the banks from shutting down my access to my bank account, being Jewish never, you know, prevented me from becoming, like I said, the most banned woman in the world. So I just wanted to make it clear that, you know, while you know, there's no disputing the fact that groups like the ADL, and AIPAC and, you know, powerful, you know, left wing Jewish individuals, and in some cases, right wing Jewish individuals themselves, are advocating for canceled culture. There are Jews themselves who have also been canceled. You shouldn't be penalized for what other people done that Martin Luther King said that I agree with it. So you called yourself more like Martin Luther King the other day that Malcolm X I tend to agree with that. I liked Malcolm X. I've read his writings listen to him incredibly smart, intellectual. He was downtrodden. He was tell people stand up. He was an amazing revolutionary for his time and amazing man. But I think Martin Luther King was more powerful. And even Malcolm came around to his worldview of thinking so my issue is, it's the same thing we're talking about here. Is that is that you know, Laura Loomer has been censored Laura Loomer has been attack and Israel has the most draconian COVID shots against their population of any group. So I'm saying why aren't they exempt because there's a criminal group posing as them. Christ talked about this, that is that is trying to manipulate imposes the leadership of every group. There's groups that claim they lead the black folks that aren't care about blacks. There's groups that claim they care about why people don't really care. There's groups who claim they're Jewish that don't think that's really what we're talking about disagree. I agree. And as you as I talked about, think about us, like, I gotta say, I love the Zionist I love the people that that blocked my bank account because God runs the world and uses everyone. There's a power structure under God that starts with 1000 year old families such as the muddy cheese, then it goes to the Vatican, which is in bloodline to Peter Knapp, Paul, then it goes to the financial groups Blackrock Vanguard, and then to the government where we can go into Putin territory, and then it goes to Hollywood, Rahm Emanuel. That is the first smoke screen to get passed. And we're just breaking down those smoke screens. Hey, Ari, how you doing Ari? Hey, I will I want to jump in

really quick and I will say

that Lauren you're on the air

oh god blacklisting of, you know, people like yay, people like Alex Jones people like Nick Fuentes, people like myself, you know, everybody watching should understand we're living in a dangerous time now where people are being shut down and having their money frozen, okay? Imagine not being able to access your bank account because somebody in a board room decides that they don't agree with what you're saying. And so, you know, for people who are critical, you know, a gay Nick, Alex, myself or whoever, right? Just Just think of how fast the tables can turn. And I think this is what you've been talking about. For years. Alex, you've been warning people about what's coming for years. And now people want to act like oh, well, how did we get to this point? Censorship is the reason why we've got to this point. Okay. So, you know, these things wouldn't be happening if people weren't being censored for more. Can I ask you this question? Because you You're a smart, successful, pro America, Jewish lady that is an American that lives in Florida. From my experience, studying what goes on politics, aren't Jews, like everybody else, like left wing, right wing and different factions fighting with each other, and everybody else, like any other group. I mean, I understand there's powerful groups in Hollywood and all these mafias, but it's like, we don't blame Italians. For the Italian Mafia. When I criticize the Jewish mafia was one of the most powerful in the world, which I don't like, I don't just want to be Jewish, because they're a mafia. That's really how I think we d stigmatize it just say no to the mafia, that is the ADL and Hollywood or do you disagree with that? Or agree or you want to say,

there's factions within any group? Right? I don't think it's I don't think that you can really generalize any group. I think that when you look at the demographics of Jews in America, over 73% of Jews vote Democrat. And so when you see a lot of, you know, people making decisions who happen to be Jewish, it's coming from a left wing perspective, but I'm a nationalist, you know, I'm a nationalist, and I'm Jewish, and I've been a very strong supporter of President Trump. That's a question why were they so scared of you? Because you've been as much banned as me or even more, I mean, they have come after you. Why do they why are they scared of Laura Loomer? Because I'm a free speech absolutist. And regardless of what somebody may may say, even wherever they may say about Jews, or whatever they may have to say about Israel or Judaism, I'm not going to advocate for anybody to be silenced anybody to be banned, or anybody to have their account shut down, or their money frozen, simply because of their viewpoints. This is America and we need to promote free speech absolutism. And we need our politicians to start promoting free speech absolutism. And this is what I ran, when I ran for congress twice in Florida, the first time and Trump's home district, which was actually the most Jewish district in the country. And then most recently, in district 11. You know, I ran on a campaign of free speech ads. What about what about a First Amendment or for a Bill of Rights Party? Well, you know, the could transcend party lines. What about a free speech, Pro to self defense of First Amendment, second minute party? I mean, how do we fix this yet?

We fix this, let the word of Christ, the first book of Moses called Genesis In the beginning, God created the heavens and earth, the earth was without form and void. And darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters. That's where we start.

And they know that that's what Prometheus shows that. All right, Laura, thank you so much. Thank you.

Closing comments for you. I want to move on to Lauren Holly. And thank you very much for calling and talk later. Thanks a lot. All right. So good. That's That's good.

Nick. Yeah. You see in Florida, you want to say something for we go to Ali, Alexander and own? Yeah, I want to jump in and say that. I agree. I think, though, that it's not so much about the Bill of Rights. I think it's really more about Christianity. I think that what America needs is a Christian party. Oh, I agree. Politically, it's about our freedoms. But you're right crisis first, right. And it gets to the nature of Judaism, which is the fact that Jews do not believe that Christ was the Son of God. And in fact, they're the only group that hey, Jesus, Muslims see Jesus as a prophet, Buddhists, Hindus see Jesus as a spiritual figure. Jews write in their Talmud that Christ is burning in hell. They they don't like the cross. I think that's because he's kind of was taken over the thing. So at the end of the day, we worship a Jew, or we say, he's not really a Jew. It's not the same thing though, because the kind of Judaism that we have now is not of the Old Testament itself, the rabbinical oral tradition. So these people are worshipping Clara. They're not following the Old Testament. They're following the zohore. And the Talmud. No, that's right. Exactly. So So I mean, we people should read that for themselves. What about Haile Selassie because this is one

What happened to Kyrie Irving and it made me really mad. Because when I was a kid growing up reading comic books and stuff, I was really early. I was like five, I could read like a 10 year old when I was 10. I could be like a college student. And so I put down comic books was about eight because my mom had all these history books. And some of them were picture history books, and I started reading those. And it's like a fact that Solomon married a bunch of black women. It's a fact that Ethiopia was Jewish. It's a fact that North Africa was Jewish. It's a fact that that went on. And then Kyrie Irving puts out a video explaining that a bunch of North African blacks are intermarried and part Jewish and Israel lets a bunch of blacks in because they can prove that their lineage their names are Jewish names. So how is it anti semitic? And how does the ADL say it's anti semitic, for black people who are related directly to King Solomon and King David, the line of Judah, which Haile Selassie was the leader of Ethiopia, that's where this whole movement comes from, to act like they don't know this. I'm not blaming Jews for this. I'm blaming the leftist ADL to deny black Jews, their heritage is a historic fraud.

It's a damn historic fact. It's on Wikipedia. It's not even debated. Sure, but it's not just the left. This is the right wing wants to you know, because in Israel, yeah, which is showing me a clip the other day where they are racist towards the Sudanese or Ethiopian black Jews that immigrated to Israel, they kick them out. There's quote, as well. I mean, Israel's even mean to the Hasidic Jews now. I mean, that's what I'm saying they're waging war, right. So so and I agree with you and what they've done to Kyrie Irving is just to say God is the Linko beautiful person, wonderful guy. He'll tell you he goes yeah, that's what runs Israel's evil and so is your group's Ben Shapiro just mad that Kyrie won't sign his basketball. Back to you, Nick. So So but what about that issue, I'm sure you know about Harlem philosophy, and Kyrie Irving your your take on Kyrie

but that's my brother. And I love the fact that just like now you it felt like you were in this battle by yourself. But now you got two warriors alongside of you like gargoyles at the top of the buildings in New York, ready to fight for Christ. And when Kyrie put up that information, they always want to write me off and say, Yay, it's just so crazy. So crazy, so crazy. And then Kyrie was like, Okay, here goes some information right here. Information is the unlock. There's five elements that the 1% the elites use to control the 99%, which are the masses, those elements are water, food, shelter, medicine, education, which one of those five elements are the most important? Education because with the knowledge, you can go get water, you can go get food, you can get shelter, and you could get medication, I don't want independence.

I agree. And carry fought for something. And then also, you know, for me, it will carry I love carry heat he did what his job was, they had the Hebrew Israelites in front of the game. And now the high schools, I always think about the high schools, I always think about the future, the grammar schools, the high schools, these are the people that are going to change our lives. So the high schools are asking questions, people are running around saying, Oh, yay, is racist. What is the term racism was created? And I think the construct of racism was created commonest Russians. Yeah. And it's like the whole woke culture, the idea, the white man did this. The Jewish guy did this. Now saying, specifically the bankers. I think my misstep in the tweet was to pinpoint a people as a flight as opposed to pinpointing the devil and the fact that the devil used to have that, but more than that, it was my disobedience to God, that forced me into the whale stomach as I am right now. But it's only my obedience to God, that's gonna bring me out of the whale stomach. Let's elaborate. You're not walking back what you said you are clarifying it, which is key. It's evil in the hearts of men and women. It's a problem. And so you're not walking it back. You're clarifying. This is big clarify Satan.

The angel, the gods, one of his favorite angels, one of the most powerful angels the most powerful. Yeah. So that's what I like the most powerful angel, Satan. And he brought angels Witter when he left heaven, right? And how many angels did Satan bring with a 33% of them? So he brought billions of angels with him. So angels, Satan has 33% of God's warriors, with him working for Satan. But God runs the world. And it's Satan. That that gets inside of the Zionists and makes them do evil things. But these are these are stories because I'm a baby Christian, right? But I heard that, you know, God loves me so much. He loves me so much, right? Then I go to drink champs and I'm drinking and the Bible says King don't drink right. I noticed that. Milo I know I'm not saying an incorrect perfect English, but the Bible says Can

Don't drink and I'm drinking and I'm smoking and I'm using my ego because I'm tired. I'm tired of these like fed. Like I'm lit I'm lit let me say I'm tired of these fed celebrities trying to pick on me thinking that they gangster we met in high school Meek Mills we not in high school Puff Daddy. We don't and everyone thinks that there's so much one gangster like they got me in some way. A none of y'all more gangster than God and God got me you know I'm saying I'm saying that oh no, everybody pose an act of toughness. Yeah, you're talking about rebel black sheep. I mean you're definitely about it Yeah, yeah, you're not you're not tough to me but I'm drinking and then I start saying stuff that doesn't please God right. It wasn't the Zionists it wasn't the banks is God set me back. But the fact that the fact that I still had 400 million and Forbes couldn't get around it, it show God loves me. But he just had to he had to set me back a little bit to Jovian proverb. You're going through a Jovian trial. Yeah. Because since I lost my wife, right, since I lost my family, and I was no longer the priests right in the middle of that home. And I didn't have the say so over the content that my kids watch and what they and what they wore and where they went to school and how we went to church and what they ate. I was frustrated and I let the devil come and get me I let the devil pull me in. Next thing you know, I'm at I'm at New Year's Eve parties having threesomes. I'm like God was so mad at me. He said, I empowered you. I gave you every skill set. You're like Moses, you save Caesars life and battle twice. You know it, you might stutter, you might not be the best communicator. But you're a leader game, and you're down there. You're not representing me. You're drinking, you're having sex. And you know what, and God he waited on me. He let me go, you know, eight months into the year, but it wasn't till I bragged about serving Satan with the actions that God said I gotta set you back now and set you straight. And then so we're moving my school. We're moving the Donda theology, engineering university into a church. And we were there talking with the pastor. And then a homeless gentleman came in and was talking to us and I say, Is this a plant? I don't know. But this was the greatest theologist that I've met and I had him come to a Bible study we were working on the walk to the house I don't like to call it a campaign we're working to the walk tonight Hold on This is a hard break through the our stations rejoin us I skipped on the break we gotta have this Rebecca two minutes. We got to do this heartbreak. And I asked you want to put a website out and people can actually hear what you have to say I want you to remind me what I'm saying. So I can give this explanation No, no. Hold me on the phone the story that the the I need to tell the people though. No, no, you will. I'm gonna remember it's the amazing homeless guy comes in. Yeah. And he gives you this incredible word. All right. I don't care about the website. I care about Jesus Christ and people knowing that I get it but they also got to know where to actually find what you're actually saying the only place to find it is in the Bible.

Our website is the Bible where people find what you're doing cozy.tv/nick And the Bible all right, all right. I'm just trying to like Alright, hey, it's all about free speech. We'll be right back our number three with yay and so many more and we've got Owen Shroyer and Ali Alexander loaded, ready to go in the studio 10 feet through that wall. So they're coming up our number three of the most banned rock as in the world straight ahead.

Thanksgiving 2022 is here. We've got the biggest sale of the year going right now. Now the good news is I'm going to extend this sale up to 60% off right through Christmas. The bad news is by Christmas almost every product in the store will be sold out. We won't get more for months and months and months. So now is the time to take action to support the info war and get the biggest sales of the year. We've already sold out of x two and x three and bio tree selenium in our wake up America award winning coffee and now DNA force plus Vitamineral fusion bodies ultimate Tumeric formula. So many other great products like ultimate krill oil, ultimate fish oil, Basil Beach, secret 12 They are all going to sell out in the next few weeks more than next month. Again, more stuffs gonna sell out today. So every hour you wait more stuff will be sold out at Infowars store.com promo code 776 And you get an additional 10% Off you already kind savings at Infowars store.com. Thank you so much for your support. God bless.

All you have to do is check out what I'm saying. And that's why they run the fake headline against myself and Tucker Carlson everywhere every day. Jones admits he's an actor, or Tucker Carlson says nobody would take me seriously.

Where do we say that? We never said that. They just say we said that.

But where's the clip? Where's the article? Where do we say that doesn't exist? Alex Jones is playing

character. And as a performance artist Jones is playing a character on his radio show. The radio rants of Alex Jones, are just an act. He's actually a performance artist. He's a performance artist, Alex Jones is a fake. They're lying to you because they think you're stupid. It's all based on custody battle my ex wife five years ago, and she was trying to put into evidence me dressed up or that a decade before like the Joker, being sarcastic saying take your Prozac kids take your illegal drugs to you'll die. It's fun. So people wouldn't take drugs. And they wanted to enter that in evidence. They look he's insane, telling kids to use drugs. And my lawyer went when Jack Nicholson plays the part of the Joker. No one thinks that's really Jack Nicholson so yeah, when I've been Cobra Commander,

or Optimus Prime Autobots, let's roll are the Joker because I can do imitations of them all really good. Or Darth Vader? Don't act so surprised. globalist. You didn't think you could silence the American people did you?

Do I really think I'm Darth Vader. No. Do I think I'm Optimus Prime? Cobra Commander, the Joker No. And clearly, no reasonable person would think when I'm doing satire, that what I'm saying is what I really think no one believes the Babylon be. It's not trying to lie to you. It's being sarcastic. By the vaccinate the Elmo doll today. It's required by the CDC, but they play those games. And that's why I don't joke around as much as I used to. Even though I tell people okay, this is a joke. This is a serious, they clip it out. And they say no. This is what he really believes. Every day when I leave work, I do this. That man is a threat to this country. And they go look he admitted in court. He's an actor. Well, yeah, I was an actor and Scanner Darkly. I was an accurate waking life. I was an actor when I was Cobra Commander.

But it doesn't mean that Alex Jones The talk show host up here reading news articles to you isn't a real thing. And isn't something I'm actually singing you know that you're insulted right now I'm even explaining that to you. And so am I but that's who these people are. You don't know the power of the dark side?

Am I really Darth Vader?

Like Alex Jones seems really talented. He's smart. He's funny as Hell's truly funny, I'm kind of retarded.

Now that I've done those imitations, those little jokes, you now not listen to what I say about other things when I show you a powerful news article by Dr. Joseph Mercola on infowars.com that has all the side information, the latest tragedy, sudden adult Death Syndrome. No, that's a real thing. That's something happening in the real world. And that's what we're breaking down here today.

I am Alex Jones. And I am the guy on the show every day. I am an American. And that's what I promote is freedom and justice and liberty and they can't stand it

answer to 1984 277

Infowars has been banned,

arrested

attacked and threatened

because we are effective.

The Great Awakening is here. Go to fans and God video download the videos and share

support the information war at Infowars store.com.

And never give up the fight

well, yeah, he's got his masks is superhero.

I represent the bad guys. David Ickes little reptoids. So now your enemies in here hosting the show. Yeah, we got Nick point as one of my best buddies who works for us doesn't really good job. He's over there with us. Oh, now he's turning Alex yawns. So what are we going to do here? Yay. The Balaam Siaka situation he made a great point. You're in a break earlier about how they just need a new devil. That's the devil to distract from the fact that we become the devil and that's kind of what you said. Can you repeat that? Yeah, just so people making videos about it. I said, it just seems like it should

is more noise and may hamming

code read and things to get people outraged. As I said before, every form of pornography is only one is only 10 years away from pedophilia. anybody that's watching pornography if you're watching a woman have sex on camera. She's reliving the trauma of being molested like a great a majority of women that end up being strippers prostitutes overnight or pornographers, adult film stars have gone through the trauma of experienced extreme experiencing pedophilia, but sex is a legal drug that's pushed to destroy humanity. If you drive down the street and California, they will be pushing strip clubs, they're pushing alcohol, they're pushing sex. It's this is like so for people that have this moral code about pedophilia, but no moral code about strip clubs, pornography and the sex industry. It's not what the Bible says the Bible says that all of that is wrong. So Jesus said so or Jesus said no, that's when we just need to follow me ask you this one about world population. The global said there's too many people. They want to sterilize us they want to promote transgenderism or depopulate. Us. Do you think that that's accurate? Or I mean, what do you think the New World Order and its overall agenda? I believe so I'm more of a gut feeling person. Like I said, I'm the battering ram. And you guys had a SWAT team to come in afterwards and then give the information. God has people different kinds of

different kinds of warriors, different heights, different mindsets, different colors.

And our collective agenda needs to be to serve God and what we do and he's here to do that I'm gonna have an open free debate

would you say I'm sorry can't do that and we don't have an open free debate. And that's what we have God brought it brought us here you created this platform the info worth are heard about the legend of Alex Jones from this lady named Tracy Romulus Tracy Quinn, who is faking like a Christian is really you know what much love to Tracy Romulus and Tracy grant because this type of person I will sue I'm just gonna say I prefer that person that the next to my children. So much love and Jesus God bless your family. I would prefer that that person be not next to my children. Next person next subject. Well on C Agha though you were gonna, just overall what do you guys obviously you with a lot of fashion brands. Now the stuffs come out. It's almost like they did this on purpose as a PR stunt. I think so. You know, I'm friends with the head designer.

And I believe that it was a setup. I think it was a hit job. And now all of a sudden, everyone is so outraged and focused on Balenciaga. But then we're still aborting our kids. We're still fornicating we're still

we're still killing each other. We're still listening to music that promotes that. But all we don't we don't wear Balenciaga now. You shut the hell up, you know, saying at the end of the day, what are you doing yet throwing stones all my god, but you know, our moral code, we just, we just cheated on our wives. We just we just fornicated we just had three songs. We just bought some sex on Instagram, we just sold some sex. We use sex to sell a product, but we don't like Balenciaga Shut up. Shut up. I'm throwing the tablets right now. Shut up. Instagram is about prostitution. And everyone involved in any version of the sex business. It's as bad as the pedophile. So everyone shut up. Yeah.

I'm listening. Yeah. So I'm thinking of all the 1000s of topics. We've covered limited time we have as you're about to get on a plane and go back to another state and do some new stuff. What else is on your radar? Because there's a lot What do you think about the Ukraine war? What does he want the devaluation dollar? What does he want to FTX and Bitcoin? And there's so many topics, Nick?

Well, yeah, in terms of Ukraine and Russia, I haven't really seen so much of that in the news. I'm, of course pro Putin. I'm very pro Russia. I am also let's go. Yeah. You know, you see that this is just an extension of the United States neocon establishment New World Order type stuff. Does Putin say about America's value system? So he said in his speech when he annexed those two breakaway provinces in the annex, the Donbass he said in his speech that we have totally abandoned traditional values traditional faith, and that we've actually embraced full on Satanism. And he's totally right. And what's true America is embracing Satanism. Yeah. And but Jesus is alive. And these things are gonna pull. It's a movement. God, the devil is a defeated foe. We're not even gonna speak any of that into existence. God runs the world, and it's freedom fighters.

For Christ like us today that are going to stop it right now and say we got to start here, each one of us, we are the church. We are the priests of our homes, all the men's are the priests of the homes, and everyone is the body of Christ. And we start here sin, it's like we're a glass of water. And sin is like throwing acid and use plastic and stepped on bugs in a glass, and then you want to pour some water in, and it tastes it tastes bad. So what you want to, you want to cover it with alcohol flavor, or with some food coloring, or with a sexy outfit or something. And then you want to just keep on drinking that sin and not understand why your stomach is hurting in the morning. And I know as a recovering alcoholic, that, you know, a cure for a hangover is another drink. And that's basically what we've been doing. We're all orphans of doubling down. We're Yeah, we're orphans of capitalism. So when we talk about the ideas that we have for the newer version, The Amended Constitution that me and Nick are rewriting and working on right now. And the ideas of purifying our system because we need will and expertise. Well, it's talking about that your say you're gonna run for president 2024. I'm not. Alex, you're really good at stating things in a way that you get you sued. So no, I thought you've done it. You're announcing for President right? No, I'm not announcing.

Alex, love you love you love you what I'm saying with the conversation that we're having about a possible 2024 Walk and a victory at the office.

America, I'm putting

everything on the line for the truth, to bring you a cleaner system. Our system has been dirtied and muddied and destroyed. I am not the old, I am not the most knowledgeable Christian. And I'm not the most knowledgeable politician. But I am truthful. I'm nobody's heart. And I believe that what I was trying to get to is what is your platform? And you text me your platform, it makes a lot of sense. Well, it's it starts here with the Bible. And we're gonna work through this with our designers. We're gonna approach America, like Steve Jobs, jobs approach Apple, we are the youngest startup in history, but with the world power, because of our military, and mainly because of our naval force. And it shows how smart and how powerful Americans are the engineering the sheer engine, and we invented Apple, we have the strongest military. And now we have to take that same type of sensibility. Take it out of Wall Street's hands, and give it to the people that engineering mind that created the tramps that made Disney that made Pixar that made Lucas Films that made apple that engineering mind, these minds that we have need are going to be brought together to cure America and then we will influence the rest of the world into higher consciousness and into peace. And I agree, we were given that birthright and somehow it's been lost. We'll talk about that. And after you leave soon, we're gonna have oh and everybody else and myself. Stay here and continue on and take calls as long as you stay at I gotta go soon. But I wanted to bring it on shore and Ali Alexander, who helped get you here for they're taking any questions they've got for you, because you guys have great questions. Great comments on Owen Shroyer and Ollie Alexander. I will. I'll hold my questions for you later, because I kind of want to come in because we have a lot of eyes on this transmission right now. And there's a lot of people sharing their opinions on the internet with this right now. And so I kind of just want to, you know, I just want to take a step back and just say, Look, we're in a difficult realm with what we're doing here today trying to balance fun and seriousness, because we are serious people. We have serious missions and goals. But we also want to have fun, we don't want to hate life. We want to enjoy life and we want other people to enjoy life. And when I see the response on the internet, from the haters, and the people getting angry today, I'm just I'm just a little perturbed. Let yeas speak. Let the man speak. You may not agree with what he has to say. But why don't you want him to speak? I don't get it. Same thing with Alex Jones. Why don't you want Alex to speak? What is wrong with you? Why are you so angry? Why are you so serious all the time? If you don't like what they say tune it out. But here's what gets me Alex. This is what this is what bothers me. It's bothered me with the attacks on you over the years. It bothers me with the attacks we see on eBay today. Whether you agree with everything he said or disagree with everything he said, let's get our priorities straight here. Okay. If you're upset with what Kanye West has said today is Jane reminded

me yeah, let me let me let me correct that Yeah. If you're upset with anything yay has said here today. Yay. Is not the person in Chicago shooting people every night teenagers innocent people dying. Yay is not the person in DC in Congress selling this country out for decades. Yay. Is not the person with Big Pharma that's killed millions of people with their products. It's all come out in court that still has influenced to mandate their products on the people. That's not yet

A yay is not the one that's lying us into wars where millions of people die and trillions get spent. So for all the backlash, all the huffing and puffing that we're gonna see from this interview in the next 48 hours, you're all clowns. You're all clowns. If this interview upsets you, your priorities are so out of whack. And I don't even think you have the capability to enjoy life anymore. And you need to take a serious look and reflection in their good free will. They're against free open discussion, which shows they're evil. And anyone going along with censoring somebody speech is a fraud an enemy of the people, but we are the people are not evil. It's Satan. That controls that people's inputs, demonic blocks, so when you see the truth in front of you, you can't even hold the truth. Like it's demonic blocks. I can go to Kim and say, hey, put your family first. You have someone who loves you put us first put your children's first and as demonic blocks, tear bringing her into traumatic

you know everything however, she was pushed into the sex tape she's pushed into saying that she had sex with Pete Davidson in front of a fireplace. Hulu does not love you Kim Disney does not love you, Kim come home Kim come home to Christ. Go to God go to Jesus because you say and you might not ever get or marry somebody Great. Go Go marry Tom Brady, whatever you want to do, but get married and use your platform as an influence to keep families together don't let the devil use you and those people that are out there mad at the ability for us to say things for consciousness. We have to I have to think okay, white lives matter. I'm gonna do a T shirt. I'm gonna make it you understand what could culture is controlled by the Zionist media making people mad outrage going out in the street we're so outraged but you're not doing anything yourself to change it and follow God and follow Christ. We haven't said anything against the word of God today. God says love everyone. So if I say I love the Zionist that that cancel my account, then I can say I love I did not consent. I do love Hitler. I do love the Zionist I love everyone the Zionist cannot tell me who I can love and that love I don't think like that I think more like someone that's on the spectrum since that's what they want to claim. Well let me be on the spectrum of love because Latasha good t shirt. I love him to bar that's the bar joking.

I love I love Zionist. I love Zionist. We love everyone who's saying love humanity. It's time getting past labels. It's learning Love is the key. Everyone's promoting this loathing and it's time to promote love. God, I hear you. Let's bring in Ali Alexander who helped get this done. Ali, I've known you for years. But this is quite the broadcast. This is definitely so far in 2022 the biggest broadcast the year. This is it. Yeah, don't put this on me bit Ricky Bobby.

That's right. You're not first you're last Come on. Ali. You're on here. Give us your take on No, no. I mean, I this is great. Look, I love everybody on screen and I love them. And I like them. And I frankly I endorse them. And I think that what Owen said is absolutely right. It's like you can look at this interview. And you can be triggered you know, you can engage your ego and say yay endorsed genocide when he did it. You can look at this broadcast and say Nicholas Winchester is a 2324 year old you know secret dog whistling kk k Nazi. But that's also not the case. You could say that Alex Jones and Owen Shroyer are actually platforming hate, but that's not what's going on at all. And I think what's powerful about this broadcast, I really think that we're making narrative history is that we're breaking the Overton window, the Republican establishment sold us out conservative movement. So that's out the churches, they closed. So when we looked for leadership on the right, there was none. Okay, when Owen Shroyer got charged when Ali Alexander got sued and investigated, Alex, when you got sued, do we get a call from our Lago saying, Hey, I'm a billionaire. And I want to I want to help fund what you guys have been through for me? No, we didn't. So here we are left with the last option on Infowars, the home of the resistance, and we're a bunch of pseudo celebrities with one celebrity saying, Okay, well then we're just gonna break the chessboard. We're getting off your chessboard because it is rigged. It's rigged by Lucifer. It's rigged by the satanists. It is rigged by the Jewish mafia. And people don't want to say that it's rigged by the Marxist and the leftists, and all of these people, and it's actually frankly, rigged by people who would, you know, betray Christ within the church, the apostates. So I think that this broadcast should encourage everybody to take everyone else just at their word, only use what they're saying, taken in good faith and in the best light and stop relying on the ADL and the SPLC or Twitter Trent. In fact, Elon should get rid of Twitter trends. There shouldn't be editorial little comments. Well,

number one, they took it off but bigger than that, what about the biomedical mafia? The Big Pharma

It's the king daddy with the central banks. Yes, mildly concerned about just about certain other elites. How about the big corporate elites? It all links up on one agenda yet.

Jesus runs the world. Ilan is the foot Alex Jones back on the platform, because I don't agree with someone that doesn't believe in Christ saying, You're cool. You're cool. You're cool. Now you and this is my friend, right? This is my boy. But we can agree to disagree, right? But it's still his platform is up to him. But also, I'm not a person that's gonna say, Hey, I agree with everything. There's things that I said today, that you guys don't agree with, because you're not in the same place are in the same position in your walk that I'm at. I'm in a position where I love the person who the doctor that had plastic surgery on my mom, I always have been in a way where it's, I can't hate. I am recent, your mother was sacrificed. Can you elaborate on that? Yeah, I believe that Michael Jordan's dad was sacrificed, I believe, did some happen with Tiger Woods. My mom, these are all Zionist sacrifices that happen. But this is Satan. At the end of the day. There's a lot of people that feel like we're at the end of days. And Jesus runs the world. God runs the world. Jesus is the real king of Israel. And I'm just a simple servant of of God. I'm not a math man. You said white lives matter. But you know, the UN, I'm gonna put words here as you understood it. They're trying to demonize white people to create a crisis. And for us to fight with each other. That was very troubling, all lives matter that you want even stronger, instead of white lives matter. You got criticized for that. you elaborate on that? Yeah, I thought that I thought that that was my right. I felt that I just exercise rights that are only given to whites. A white person can wear a t shirt that says black lives matter. But for black person to wear a t shirt that says white lives matter. That somehow makes me racist. So I love just going up and saying, Hey, what do you think about this? What about that? And if we don't use if we don't use our consciousness, they're trying to beat us into our consciousness and make us ignorant. They want to dumb us down. And I'm probably the lowest IQ here of anyone speaking. And I'm saying, Say out loud, what we feel we would no longer be ran by the idea of fake influence and celebrities. I didn't mean to interrupt you. Oh, no, no, hold on. Alex, don't interrupt me. I didn't. I didn't ask every celebrity. I didn't ask every celebrity I ever stood next to God bless you. And you notice the Christian word of what I really want to say. Any celebrity only celebrity that I rock with is re J literally every every one of y'all others. Y'all all saw come see me when y'all want to see me. Every fake gangster so called killer, any basketball player, any rapper, any actress, any musician, any model any editor, come see me come see God's child right now. Please. I want it I want I want to see my mama, you know, saying you can't touch and Jesus name baby. I was gonna say this though. I don't want to be clear.

You see as the lowest IQ anybody here I'm not kissing your ash. Yeah, that's not true. There's different types. IQ, just one test. It's one thing. There's, there's there's cultural IQ. There's mathematical, there's spiritual. There's, there's there's there's economics. Avants. There's art salons. And I can tell you I'm an idiot savant. That's a French word doesn't mean I'm actually an idiot. It means that I don't know a lot of stuff, but things I know. I know. Like, I don't even get into it, folks. But it's, it's ridiculous. Okay, I wake up

cardio, so and I can tell you what time the clock is gonna say for I look at it, that little weird thing I can do. The point is, is that is that is that there's savant that actually bring the world to the next level. And I think people need to take that for what it is. I wouldn't call you autistic, but you are have a savant ish thing about you. And I think that's a positive and a negative. Nick, you want to say anything? You want to say anything all your own, and Fabio? Yeah, yeah, I want to say this, you know, this is a story that that yeh shared, I'm not even gonna ask permission because he said, He's nobody's hard drive. So I'm nobody's hard drive. You know, yeah, I was hanging out with Elon, and Elon was sitting there and they were under a rocket launch. And Elon says to yay, you know, you have the highest EQ. So there's also the EQ. And what I think Yang is talking about is like, we've assembled a powerful group of Avengers, we have different experiences, different expertise. We, in fact, even interpret information differently, but we've all got a superpower and we've got to contribute it to taking down the permit state, the deep state the globalists, whatever anybody wants to call this, you know, this group that's running us this depopulation group. We've got to you know, rage war against the machine. If everybody rushes to get canceled, they can cancel none of us

So I think that today, again, is a historic day in which it's not about agreement. It's an agreement and disagreement against them. No, either. I agree that this is about saying free speech is sacrosanct. And if you disagree with something, it should be celebrated instead of demonizing. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, let me let me interrupt here. And Nick is actually the person who's talked best about this. And this is where I think that like Laura Loomer, who is a Zionist Jew, conservative, and patriot, and then you who are kind of libertarian or conservative terian and Owens kind of conservative and would disagree with Nick and I, you know, might be more of the Catholic tradition, we would totally support blasphemy laws. Totally. You know, and I don't wanna speak for him. But you know, what Nick points out is that you have to have a right to dissent that is way more powerful than, you know, move free speech, where we're actually rigging the system to have what yeah, he's talking about Instagram, and we're gonna come right back to you in a moment. Yeah, he wants me to tweet on his giant with 35 million viewers. 36. Yeah, we're gonna have Alex Jones. Put out from my Twitter. Hi, Ari Emanuel. How's it going? How's how's your wife's clothing line? Here? Let's do an overhead shot here. Please, guys, so I can do this. I haven't tweeted so long. I don't remember how this works. You guys want a red shot for me? All right, so this is a yeas phone here. And I just want to say I love

love lop the Jews

say that it's true. I do love them

first as you say amendment AMT was the abbreviation

AMD T I think not sure. Yeah, I got it. I love the First Amendment.

Long

live

yay. Got to capitalize that though.

All right, I'm gonna tweet that I love the First Amendment Long live Yay. I hope no, no, no, no, we're gonna pray no hoping we pray. I pray

pray Ilan.

Elan is for real no pray to God that to Ilan pray that God I pray to god I agree I pray to Jesus Christ Jesus Christ say his name there's power there's strength in the name

Jesus I pray to Jesus that that Elon is for real What is What do you mean by for real what does that mean for real about what the more it's trying to free up the internet right that the fact that you want I believe Jesus

that an Apple doesn't deep platform Elon for freeing the internet I hope he's for real no fray that Apple doesn't deep platform Elon for free and then for he just met with him he says he's not

a doctor dot dot. I love the First Amendment Long live ye. I pray to Jesus that Ilan is for real. Bam. I'm back on Twitter.

There you go. Give it to him. Now he got about 35 million or whatever it is followers. This is great ideas are out of man. Yeah, I have a few good ideas. I believe let me talk for a second. Don't cut me off. I have a few good ideas. I have ideas that surpass the idea of just being a black face for the Trump administration. Just being Elon is cool friend at a concert. I actually have real ideas Tim Cook, actually have real ideas. And I get marginalized and to these places. And I understand people are afraid of the truth, the best EQ on the planet. When I went to people like David Simon and Jamie Salter, and all these Jewish businessman, they would offer me things like hey, we'll give you one store. And I got frustrated. I got frustrated with the gap with adidas being held back and people act like they're going to help you but they really control you like how Jamie Salter control Shaquille O'Neal or the NBA to control Shaquille O'Neal and this has nothing no knock to our brother. All black people feel the way I feel but nobody wants to go broke no one else can take a $2 million hit and still have $400 million. You know, so that's God putting me in a position to be able to fight battles that other people can't fight. But the people the real people, they're standing up there talking the problem How can anybody disagree with this? It's awesome. There you go. All right now we got Ali Alexander and everybody's hunched over the tweet name and basic What are you tweeting? Let's see. How about this? We should have the camera over there guys. I know it's hard but yeah, about Christ is king. America first.

What else? Yes. The New World Order. No, no, no death. That's That's God's battle. Let me politically okay. Yes, a little self serving no visit of horrors.

I come

Alex Jones is right I just I liked I liked the Infowars part actually about groper as well you're growing per thing but also say don't visit infowars.com

Right Bert? Okay, I'll tag myself. There we go. He's posting Infowars he tells you to I put what he puts on Jesus should I voted for us for don't visit infowars.com Don't visit no yes to all the way that you as a master of the universe, the way that you push ideas forward is all positive affirmations. I'm glad that billions of you are going to visit Infowars billions are going to visit them Ferrari and Manuel if your wife needs any help or creative direction for a line I will gladly help you even though you tried to destroy my life. I will help your wife on the creative direction and I will not do anything on Christian when we're in the room together. And Jesus name our if you want me to help your wife with her line, I'm here. Okay, what do you put out we're gonna put on screen I put out Christ is King America first ROI paper and then I put eautiful bible.com Beautiful. Did you put the info war thing? Yeah, he did. It's good that I'll get my heart attack. I go Ali Alexander. What are you going to tweet from? Yes, Twitter. I don't mind. I'm gonna I'm gonna get this real quick. Yeah, I like anytime you're just flying over one land come on the show. But do it once a week? Yeah, I think I think I'm gonna write about the J six victims. I think that we should think about yay. Did more. We got to Oh, yeah, we got to care. So yay. did more than the Republican establishment than the conservative establishment. My chair, my chair. Oh, I'll be back in two minutes. Take a pass right. I'm listening.

So yay, did more than the Republican establishment in the conservative movement to highlight the due process abuses and the torture and Lord Could you stop calling while we're live on air? I mean, my God girl yeah, she's on the spectrum today. So she's got that you know, but I think that we need to talk about the J six victims so let's all caps investigate the civil rights

and due

process

violations of the J six

political

political

prisoners

Why were the only people killed unarmed protesters

that day?

Free Alex.

Free. Nick.

Nicholas, free speech free speech

and free Ollie.

Boom, bye. Bye.

Whom by Yeah.

Yeah, it's no I don't know if that's it. Ducking autocorrect

sweet. There we go. Do we get the overhead of that? Let's get the team to get the camera. Get the camera. I love the crew. I love the crew. But get the camera zoom in. And that's what I want mask the mask? Yeah. I miss you.

Oh, you want me to redo the skit?

All right. I love this crew. But you know sometimes. Sometimes it could just be stubborn. Julian overhead shot. deal man overhead shot. I'm sorry. I'm just a retard.

We love out. Let's do this.

We got to do this time. Thank you very much. Ollie only go back to Owen Quicken. welcome Sarah as long as he wants but he's got a lot of big stuff going on. A great idea. How can folks meet up? Allegedly? What else you want to tweet? Yeah, who knows? Maybe Kanye what? Maybe yeh was never here.

It's never disrespect when I call you Kanye. I've just been calling you that for 15 years. So I was like, Oh, my You know, my brother or someone named they changed his name. But uh, yeah, he's even better. And it's definitely taken taken hold like it's awesome name. But But But seriously, yeah. What else you want to tweet out to folks is everything right now is going super mega total viral. What is your message to Trump right now?

What's your message to the Sanders right now? I don't know who DeSantis is. I never heard of the guy.

No, I hear you all the leads back into Santas gives me a lot of concern. Exactly. That's what I'm trying to say. It's like we love Trump. We love yay.

That's right. Yeah, no, I'm with you TA and Trump and anybody gone for DeSantis or McCarthy? That's just not the energy. That's not the vibe that's not Maga. That's not Jesus energy. That's not dragon energy. So and I like what you said about people need to just put it all on the line and finally tell the truth. That's

The problem here's the bottom line, you're not a white supremacist. I've heard you I've seen your show. You love everybody, you stand up for white people. Everybody should stand up for themselves everybody else. It's a load of crap that you're a white supremacist. True yeah and I use you help roundup Jews like George Soros No. Okay, well, then I don't hear anything. Yeah, I don't hear anything from the ADL or anybody else. But for the ADL, I want to say there's a lot of good Nazis that were just fighting for the country and for them, or George Soros, or do for them all to get put in a box. They're all in a box. Every Nazis bad. Will could some of the Nazis have just been fighting for their country. Oh, there. We can't, we can't put it all in a box. Now, you're explaining that like you said, You love the Zionist you don't agree with some of the things you're doing even though you don't support a lot of what's happening. Syria. So I've really studied a lot of history plus, I had family that was there. And so I mean, I don't think Hitler was a good guy. I get the Hugo Boss uniforms. Amazing. But I mean, just because you're in love with the design your designer, can we just kind of say like you liked it. You liked the uniforms, but that's about all we know. I'd say. There's a lot of things that I love about Hitler. A lot of things. Hey, none What did you think about that net? And

this is insane. You're insane person? How could you say sir? It's okay. Let me ask you you like the A's OG Metallica, they openly Heil Hitler. They're the leftovers of World War Two. They support Zelinsky and attacking Russia. So you liked the A's on Italian? Idol. love every one. Well, my point is you weren't involved with Hitler. You didn't do anything. So having the ADL say anybody that opposes communism in the New World Order is a Nazi. Well, you kind of get what you give, you know, no one no one cares about the ADL. They're played out. Jesus in that regard. They were they ran Twitter the last week. They don't run anything. No one knows the eight. No one cares. They're played out. Look at people have had a problem. Look at Clockwork Orange. There's a part where a Jewish guy makes the guy kiss the shoe and he says kiss the liquid kiss the Jew. Like people have had issues with Jewish people forever. But what I'm saying is I love Jewish people. I loved you as we're talking about Stanley Kubrick but the War Room background up there.

You'll see Clockwork Orange is about Jews. Absolutely. Look at it. I thought about a collapsing Stanley Kubrick was a Jew. Oh, wow. I know his daughter. He was a great guy. Yeah.

So I mean, he made Dr. Strangelove. I mean, I gotta be honest with you. I I see incredible literature and art and music and just so many so much great stuff Jews do just like I see some of the great things black people do or any other group. Like your Beethoven's German. I don't blame Beethoven for Hitler. And I believe in free speech we ship out vogner

Well, they demonize vogner Because only as Hitler like or Adi Dassler or Hugo Boss. We have all this demonization. We don't care anymore. ADL obviously. No one cares. Shut up. No one cares. Jesus king Shut up. It's done. Tomorrow. It's all done next day. You know German cars do break down and cost a lot of money to fix. Germans make really good cars.

Japanese make better ones.

Germans had a really cool leader one time. Oh my god. This. I drive mainly American cars. But when it comes to company cars, it's a couple Toyota because the damn things don't break. I mean is ridiculous. You know what I mean? The Japanese bitch to the globalist groups. They want to make lightbulbs go 100 years they want to make cars never break. You know, they can do that. The Japanese are pissed like that. That's that's why they've not so good for electric cars. They go these don't work. It takes more carbon. Why are you doing this? That's what needs to be broken. You get I'm saying it's like, I want to say with Ben Shapiro. He was so disrespectful to his employee, Candace Owens for speaking out against me. And that just shows you another level of this kind of control that's out there. No, I agree. I like Candace. She has a lot of courage. He's a really smart, beautiful lady. He's really defended you. But I mean, are you saying Ben Shapiro has got her on a leash?

I think it's pretty obvious.

You know, as our Paul Watson, we didn't launch her she deserved it, but implores launch Candace Owens. Yes. But every one is still controlled by the Jewish media. We need to serve Christ. First. Christ first everyone period trial, what would you say the Jewish media let me just read a real world example. I'm not this. I'm

Powell. We met Matt Drudge once he came here hung out a few hours and went to dinner. He's Jewish. I never asked for anything. He never told me what to do. He only sent a few emails here and there to writers saying, hey, you know, when you break something, email it to me. And he was a Jewish guy that totally helped us get to the next level. We would have been successful without him, but he like supercharged and then suddenly he flips the other side, never talked to him again. And his websites like a Democrat hellscape but I'm just saying it's like I've known a lot of Jews in my life. And I didn't have the Hollywood experience you had

I actually all the Jews in my life overall were were very nice people. So I'm saying I'm actually tired of hearing about the Jews like I love them. Honestly, I don't even care that much. You know what we spent the last three out two hours talking about them. Because it's fun. It's fun, didn't want to hear about it we want to talk about because being cancelled is fun because we're showing you guys the extent that you can go right, because everything at this point that you do proves my point. Watch this. If I say DEF CON three, and then you cancel all of my deals. You proved exactly why I needed to go DEF CON. No, no, I agree with what you said. Let me stop here. Because Dave Chappelle Alex Alex. God, that'd be channel alright. Channel. All right. If if if I and Dave Chappelle works with the Jews anyway, so if I say, now I forgot what I had to say, let me meditate. Let me get into a place I'm sorry. I love you, brother, Jesus king.

If I say if I go on its interview, and I say, I love Hitler. And then they go and 5150 me and try to lobotomize me like we saw Harley Pasternak do or they put me in prison. It just proves what I'm saying. And it's going to spark the high schools, it's going to spark the grammar school is going to spark the colleges that say, enough is enough. It doesn't matter how on the spectrum you think I am, I have the right to speak out loud. That is our First Amendment. And it's a shame that you have to be considered to be on the spectrum to have enough courage to speak out loud. I do love my family, right? But I looked at every possible outcome. I practice Chinese water torture on myself, I would I would like skip for long Malibu in front of my house and sing when the clay ends come to kill me. How is it going to be? What are they going to do to kill me? Wait a second net? And what do you have to say about this? Now you don't want to say nothing.

What I'm trying to get at here is yay.

That I don't think the father of the future revolution against tyranny is Hitler. Hitler said a coming man was coming. It would be the next Hitler that would destroy the New World Order and the whole system he wanted his own new world order he thought would come out of America. You know about Hitler and his coming, man. No, I don't know about that.

But what we have to understand you should not want to be Hitler's coming man. I didn't say I was I don't I don't really care that much about Hitler. I love them seems like you just do it as a winner like a troll. I seems like a cool guy. You know, it's like he

you know, it's like he had a really cool outfit and stuff and he was a really good architect. And so you're in love with the with the with the with the architect the look of it, and he didn't kill 6 million Jews that's just like factually incorrect that I was get the Ronald Reagan clip they show me. Sorry, go ahead. Ronald Reagan said that. Well, I think Hitler did target and kill some people. I think, you know, I think Obama killed Palestinians. No, I hear you here. Here's where I think the frustration is. And Nikki, you comment on this. And Obama was not the first black president. He was another Jewish president. Americans are tired of hearing that we're Hitler. And that we did bad things when we defeated Hitler. And that's my biggest not say his name anymore. Only say Christ's name moving forward. Like, I'm tired of hearing I'm a Nazi. I'm really because I'm not.

But I think by them falsely accusing people, some people are gonna become that I Am. I Am. Now what I am not what now? I'm a Nazi. rbma Well, isn't that what it said? Because this is the day you're doubling down. Look, Alex, I'd love you to not cut this rant and rant on your life right here. Okay, so we're in America, we get our history stolen from us. And we're all made to slaves. The Native Americans and the ones brought over on Jewish slave boats. Right? And then we're so called free but we're never free. And we're Republican, but then we're turned to Democrats at the MLK JFK time, right? And we're told we're black and they're made songs. I said, Say it loud, say it loud. I'm black and

I'm black and I'm proud and then crack came and then rappers started saying What's up my nigga? I'm a nigga you niggas okay, I'm a nigga then. I'm gonna wait a second. I thought nigga was bad a second go. Nah, nigga is fine. That's what the Feds told us to call ourselves and then even Beyonce we never thought she called herself a bitch. Missy said hey, I'm a bitch. Everyone says invit Okay, now are black women are bitches. So we're bitches and niggas now right? I'm a nigga your pitch. I've even said this in my raps. So I wake up and I look at the look at my phone and they say gays are anti semitic. So I said, Okay, well, I'm an anti semitic. No, you said you're you said I'm an anti semitic get it. You understand what I'm saying?

Bring in the clowns

there

We'll be clowns. I'll tell you what let's play that Frank Sinatra clip for a minute. Let's get Owen Shroyer and Ollie to have some comments, final comments here. Are you going to push that jet back and you gotta get out of here?

I gotta get out of here. They already pushed the jet back tried to stop us from getting here the first time Nick, can you tell them what happened? No, no tell him about to Yeah, we had to have the plane turn around mid air because there was a issue

there was some issue with the plane, they said that it happened before? No, that was the first time it happened with me. But we were up in the air 20 minutes out and then there was some kind of big alarm. We had to turn the plane around and land. And yeh said, Oh, you're he's not even gonna believe me said Alex isn't gonna believe me, because I guess it didn't happen the first time to get the show together. Yes. So but that last time we had it? Yeah, yeah. So there was some seal on the door that was broken. And so we don't want to depressurize the cabin. Yeah. Now we wanted to go down safely, not like you know, crashing a mountain or something. So which I'm not afraid of whatever way you guys want to choose to.

You know, take me out or whatever. I'm not afraid anything. I'm only afraid of God. One thing I want to say to all you guys is

no one still stepped up other than Jon Stewart to say, hey, he was upset about the practices, the contracts are still not changed. So you could do whatever you want to do and say whatever you want about me. We don't like his mask. We don't like everyone likes the jacket. Of course everyone loves a jacket, right? You can say whatever you want about me. You could distract us with his Balenciaga kind of conversation. You could distract us with all of these Volk ideas, you can choose your superheroes, like, Oh, we're going to choose

George Floyd, instead of the MLK this week we're going to choose of GAVI and Lizzo instead of the Beyond says, you can try to create the narrative of God runs the world and the people are tired of that. People, all the athletes, all of the celebrities, what I'm saying is I love you guys. Also, I understand you're all scared. I understand why you don't want to get your bank accounts frozen. I get it. I love you. I'm not listening to none of y'all because you're all scared and you notice the more they pressure whatever the issue is, the more causes is this Let's Play two minutes of Frank Sinatra bringing the clowns that a final comment from Ali Alexander final comment from a shorter final caller from everybody here and the good news is you're 10 miles from the airport setting your flight was a tube you can push it back we've got yay in here with us and the clouds

stop later this

opening door

fine

not I

was

making my hand since again with my usual flat

sure my life

no one is there

Don't you love the Fosse

my fault I feel

I thought that you would want what I want sorry my dear.

But when

the clown

send in the cloud

don't bother

is it it really?

Is it it quit

losing my timing this late in my career.

When

the cloud

there are two V cloud

maybe next Yi

must also

Info Wars the most banned network in the world

All right, yeah, he's gotta go soon. It's escaped from Austin. I want him to sign up. Let's go back to Laura Loomer here for a second but please sign my tweet you let me send out brother who you know I want to sign a DEF CON one two though. Please print me a DEF CON.

That DEF CON was that Christ that you know signing that one? Alright.

Let Laura Luma say what you got to say I have to leave soon.

Laura, do you guys live on Oregon? Yes, we're live Laura. Watch the internet. Oh, hey, look for Elon Musk. You know, I don't know if he's watching or not. But, you know, I'm telling on Elon Musk to restore the accounts of everybody who was banned. He said this week that he was going to give an amnesty to all the accounts that were banned. So I would like my account back I think that you should get your account back. I think that next one doesn't Alisha get their accounts back and also, you know, for the people that are texting me and calling me right now saying, Oh, you're Jewish? How could you not, you know, call out yay for his comments about Jews and Hitler today? I'm not going to tell yea what he's allowed to think I'm not going to tell you what he's allowed to say. I'm a free speech absolutist and if you cannot understand, right, but this is about free speech, this is about combating canceled culture and standing up against the censors and the canceled culture movement, then I don't really want to talk to you. And this is more than just you know, somebody being Jewish somebody being Christian, this is about the truth and fighting for free speech. So I just want to say that you know, I'm here to fight to make sure that Jay has a right to say what he wants to say. Even as a Jewish woman because free speech is greater than all of us. This is what we're fighting for together. That's right and we lose that we lose everything okay, hit you back a little bit. I love you. Thank you. Well that piece of paper again. Now I want to photograph it and put this version of it online

and you got to leave in like 10 minutes so I want I want to play I gotta leave in nine minutes but it's okay you got to leave now minutes my way. But real quick Ali Alexandra first I want to show you but you're going to come up in like an hour 3pm Central the warmth will have highlights of this everything of a postgame here but other comments? Well, I'll not give my whole plethora here I'll save some of that time for the War Room coming up in an hour so that I'll Lee can speak to but you know, one quick thing all these people out there saying oh yeah, he's lost his mind. Yeah, he's lost his mind again. Check yourselves we have. We are mutilating children and calling them trans kids and calling it gender affirming. Surgery. No. Yay has not lost his mind. You have we have men claiming they can get pregnant. No yay has not lost his mind. You have we have now opened sex trafficking happening at the southern border and the White House forcing Border Patrol to be the final ushers in of the unaccompanied us to their pimps. No yay has not lost his mind. We all have for this going on. Now. When yeh talks about wearing the white lives matter shirt. And really this is what we're doing here today to its culture jamming. That's what we're doing. Oh, you can wear black lives matter shirt, but you can't wear white lives matter. We're ramming their own culture down their throat and we're finding out that they don't like it. Same thing with this interview today. We believe in free speech whether we agree with what each other are saying or not. We believe in their right to say it's an exercise of us showing we're here we have our own platform and the Internet number one story hands down in the world right now is this broadcast because people want free speech great point 62nd closing comment oh and then next point has been Alexander the new well I would say I don't I don't think the story here with EA should be about anti semitism or Nazis or any of that. To me the human interest story is they're fine but but yeah, I think about what you can do with your platform right now because they want to make that the issue. Most people say that

world I'm talking about everybody watching this right now. That's fine. We want we want yay to expose the corruption the secrets to societies like you've been doing. We want you to pull the curtain back on Hollywood. pull the curtain back on Balenciaga pull the curtain back on none of it synchrony sacrosanct, everybody should be able to criticize.

I'll cover the rest of my comments later today on the war room. I got a lot. I want to make sure Ali gets a final count.

And here before he leaves, here's one more question the crew head. What about your personal training saying your personal trainer saying we'll put you in a it turned out he was in secret government operations and mind control Canada admitted him saying I'll put you in a mental institution for life. We don't shut up. I mean, I get why you're pissed. You're not going to be dominated.

Exactly. You know, I've expressed myself and I've expressed myself calmly, and no one's scared anymore. You guys have beat me to a pope. But I'm still alive.

And now I'm not afraid. You can't threaten me. You could call me crazy. You could take the money. You could take all the supermodels. And don't take the supermodels.

Hey, sometimes a waitress is better than a supermodel.

So,

but Jesus is King. And I love everyone. This is love speech. Ari. This is love speech. In Jesus name. The real king of Israel. Jesus Christ. This is love speech. I love Jewish people. I love super models. I

wait a second. Let's see what Netten loves.

You love that point US Army Hitler.

I never had a supermodel. Yeah, could tell.

All right, well, you're gonna leave here in a few minutes. You're gonna think gosh, I wish I would have said that. So what do you wish you would have said? I think I said a lot. I think I said a lot. You know, I think it's

pretty

good. Did you retweet a little sign picture? Yes, I did, sir. All right, info. wars.com. tomorrow's news today. Whoever stand behind is going to be here and be on air. We're going to unpack all this obviously and cover it in every issue. But yeah. Do you think humanity survives? What do you make of the mark of the beast, the force COVID inoculations. I mean, this, this is a wave in the right direction.

Why did you think you were able to do three hours here? You just did three hours, three minutes, by the way, or no, no, no, you had done three hours, three minutes. Why were you able to stay here but not what Tim Poole because Tim Poole got the call from those boys 10 minutes before I got there and said slack this and flag that also Tim Poole is the NPC you know, and you're a real real human being so no one's ever heard of Tim Poole you know you're the legend that is Alex Jones. And you were fighting on the frontline and now we're here with you got some other superheroes part of the Avenger movie fighting for Christ and free speech. And I called it I said, What is this a superhero thing with the mask? He said, Yeah, but don't say it. They'll figure it out. But I was saying I'm Lex Luthor. What what is the new EA superhero we're talking about? It's it's someone in service of Jesus Christ and added to his own ego. And that I have my rights. You know, I had the right to wear a mask for the entire I had the right to wear a super super super fresh jacket. You know, I had the right to tell God. Please don't take away the supermodels. And just fun to marry one. You know, I can I can say this is I've only ever seen you in concert. My daughter has big fan. I'm a fan a lot of your music, but I've never seen you in person and you don't look a little on screen. But you don't look like a really big guy. But in person. I'm a stocky guy. I'm kind of small compared to you. You're built like a brick. You know what else? And you're you're tall, pretty tall too. So I don't think people have been around a year in person. You know, just, it's interesting. And you're a handsome guy in person. I wish you weren't wearing that damn mask. That's the vision. But you won't give us what we want. You won't show us your face the end? Absolutely not. That kind of kills.

People it was a young person who was never here.

Ah. We never know. Dave Chappelle. I guess we'll never last thing on Dave Chappelle. I watched it Saturday Night Live, where he grovelled. At the end. He says, Well, whoever that group is, we're not allowed to talk about it. Good night. So he admitted others powerful groups controlling our speech, at least again, everybody has to do it in their own way. But he said they dropped that nigger. And as my friend, I've never dropped a rat bar ever saying anything on a Jewish platform dissing my friend Dave Chappelle, and I have an issue with it. And you could tell big country I got to issue a security. You could tell all you to tell Cory Smith, he don't deserve to wear gold teeth.

What do you what Dave early was like up to you? What do you have to say about Corey Smith's go to real quick 10 years ago? He was like there's a mafia they came in. So what I got to do, he ran off to Africa. Now he's kind of come back and he's so out. He didn't sell he Yeah, he's sold out a little bit because

because he denounced the king. You know, I'm saying he denounced me I'm the one fighting

on the frontline and no black person to say nothing bad about me and public unless they have puppet period I put my life on the line and then afterwards they're going to talk about if anything happens to me everyone's gonna move Oh, he was the greatest she was the greatest as I shut up and I shut up go home to you scared little bends and you're scared little townhome and you're scared little movie contracts and shut up. Don't talk to me about nothing. What do you think ice cube that he lost nine or 7 million whatever it was because he wouldn't take the shot I respect to. Yeah, I respect you. But he's got to play his physician. It's like, you know, it's fine. I want a cube to come in and help us with the politics because he's one of the only people that was brave enough to talk definitely for real. Yeah, he's he's an engineer. He's an architect and engineer by trade. And then he dropped out to do entertainment, guys, hey, everybody stopped all engineers. We need our engineers back. We need our architects back. We need our doctors back, stop with the photos on Instagram, stop with all the entertainment 21 Savage owns a bank, we have brilliant people that are inside of I want to say the future. We're very close with some folks to actually having a bank. It's funny, you bring that up a bank and internet processing for Patriots. That's the future is not trying to fix Twitter or fix any of it, building our own system. I mean, the future is the past also, because soon as you got the the internet all these things that data can be copied by China via these banks. Now you don't really own your data with the cloud so low. This is the last question. I know Louis Farrakhan. I've interviewed him. I agree with like, 95%. What he says some things I don't agree with. But the point is, I think he cares about people. He's a real guy. And he's nothing compared to the left saying all whites are devils and criminals. So they're way more racist than he is. But I get you know, what he's been saying. You kind of got mad at him and said, hey, no disrespect me with my billions. They just stole because he said, Hey, maybe it was never yours. I think his point is what you just made. If they can grab it out of your account. It's never yours. Unless it's your farm your people your kids your thing. It's not yours. I don't think he was dissing your success that he was saying was it ever yours to begin with? They can take it our life is not ours. It's God's so now you get what he was saying. I talked to I talked to the minister so good, so you're not mad at me now? I'm not mad at any I'm not mad at all. If it's not if it's not off record, tell us about the conversation on the record. Rei manual, if you need me and your wife to step into a private room and have me work on her clothing line. I'm here

but seriously, so you were a little mad at Farrakhan you gotta talk how did how'd that go? It's gonna be all Christian Ari rom rom ROM. Don't, don't worry, it's gonna be all Christian ROM.

You are something else. Look, you look really friendly and nice. Well, that makes you look evil as hell. Let me just say this. In closing. I don't want to study. I think Hitler was a really bad guy. And I'll repeat what Hitler did. I understand that the British intelligence set him up. And I like Hitler. I don't like Hitler. I know. You're trying to be shocking to that. I'm not trying to be shocking. I like Hitler. I do not I the Holocaust is not what happened. Let's look at the facts of that. And Hitler has a lot of redeeming qualities you tell us you think we losing Hitler was the good guy and World War Two.

I think God says man should not kill, we should not have wars period, when none of us should be killed by the Ukraine and the streets of Chicago. All violence should stop and we should all serve Christ. That's what I feel. And I feel like I love everyone accordingly, from all the way from the Balenciaga as to the Hitler's to let me tell you a story. And I hold on to ARIA manuelle. To Jamie Dimon to the people who are saying amarilla here's what I'm saying. Well, my grandfather would never tell World War Two stories. And after he died, we read over stuff and he never he told my dad all the stuff he did and everything. But it was all in their letters. commendations. He told me, he said kid, I was like eight years old. Amber Alerts is when my ex girlfriend Amber was doing something in the streets. I got it. Before he died. I was like five years old. The point was, and I was like, tell me World War Two storytelling, World War two story. They said, Okay, well, we came out of Africa. We came into Italy. He was there three years. He said by the time they got to Germany, they went into this death camp. And there were piles of dead bodies. 100 feet tall with blackbirds eaten people's eyeballs out. All I'm telling you is is that just because you hate the globalist what they're doing and I get it Klaus Schwab's father, I don't hate a Nazi, either as Nazis above the ADL. Yeah, but Nazis are like kind of cool. Because you liked your uniforms? No, I just these are people every month. I love all right. So you love this Imus? I love this. I said that earlier in the show. All right. You have any comments on Hitler? I agree. Who did gay say he hated gay didn't say he hated anybody. Why isn't anybody listening to him? He said I love this person. I love the people who are trying to take away my children. I love this person. He never said I don't think we listen. I'm just getting it totally clear. But I think Stalin same thing. You did the same thing on Stalin is horrible. Hitler was horrible. Mao was horrible. No, no, I love all of those you love Mao Zedong.

Absolutely mouth roll clear clarify that you're saying you're like Christ like you love everybody. Yeah matter. You love Jim Jones. You love Jeffrey Dahmer? Absolutely every day. Well, let's clarify. But he didn't need clarification because he said, I'm starting with the Bible. He's ending with the Bible. And that's what but they did it to you, Alex, because you had a guy who came here, you're like, I'll be saying, I'll be the evil guy. I get Sandy Hook. Remember, you did the same thing that he's doing right now. All right. Absolutely. Yeah, we appreciate you. Anything else you want to add? Jesus is King. Start with the Bible. Love your children. Love your family. Think about the things you're doing before you throw stones stop the trauma. Stop the generational abuse the sexual abuse what's next in the AI world? What are you gonna do next sir, I was still in the middle of it. Lamps are going up you stop stop the abuse generation they sit they they say abuse goes through generations. Stop the trafficking. Instagram is sex trafficking. The language I'm gonna screw your life. I'm gonna have all that is trafficking. Stop it Stop, stop the drug usage. Stop, stop the killing. We put the guns down ourselves, we rise up. And we show God how strong we are. It's our disobedience to God that got us enslaved. God is on our side. But we have to be on God's side. We have to listen to our Father. We have to listen to God and follow Him and He will protect us. Look, no one. I agree with that before we can cast stones. You're saying you love everybody. You don't judge them. It's God to judge. I agree with that statement. And we got to change ourselves and stop pointing our fingers at somebody else. Exactly. And it's to say, Hey, I'm gonna show you how much Jewish media can't tell me what to say. You like that, Ari. And I'm telling you, we could get a nice private room. Me and your wife can go in and work on the clothesline. I'm really good at it and it will be super Christian. Hey, Ron, it's okay.

You got to thank for his wife. Absolutely not. I would not look at his wife for a second. But I do believe that the clothing line could you do some creative improvement?

All right. infowars.com tomorrow's news today Nick foin Tez Yay. I don't want to end this we got more to say we gotta you gotta catch a flight to catch a plane. All right. Hey, I appreciate you coming in. I appreciate the First Amendment. And look he's not taking the mask off. Yeah, it was not here. Incredible person air Wilbert Johnson was the impersonator Wilbert. net net and was here though, actually, Benjamin Netanyahu played Kanye West today.

Amen.

Hey, guys, here, the Justin Trudeau thing and some clips. We're gonna come right back and talk to Owen Ross group. Oh, and get in here. Do the last hour with Netanyahu. All right. This has been incredible. Folks. Free Shipping Info Wars dot coms back weed funding, stay on air. I'm gonna get you out of here. And I'll be back. infowars.com Share it everywhere. It's forbidden. And I love everybody. First members sacrosanct. You just saw it. It's good to have these debates. It's good to have these open discussions. We'll be right back stay with us.

For only the second time in the entirety of the Infowars store, we are announcing a selling out mega blowout sale. Many of our top selling items are included in this sale and are in limited supply. So once they're out, they will probably not be back in stock. Until next year, everything is listed at deep discounts of up to 60% off market price. Plus, if you order now we will include a free gift from the store for every order regardless of what you buy. This item will be chosen at random from a handpicked selection of our DVDs, books, stickers, and so much more. This is our gift to you for supporting the info war and the voice of freedom worldwide. After the seemingly never ending barrage of attacks on us. Alex and the rest of the crew here at Infowars needs all the help we can get to allow the message of a pro human future to reach the masses hurried to the store of Infowars now to check out the mega blowout sale because some of these items are already selling out at Infowars store.com.

Well, how'd you like that ladies and gentlemen?

And the funny thing is

I saw a lot of haters tuned in.

Saw a lot of haters haters of free speech haters of yay haters of Alex Jones just haters, just haters in general.

And you know, whatever you think about yea, or Alex or the things that were said in this transmission today, you really ought to check yourself.

You really ought to check your priorities and you really ought to realize that there's something seriously wrong with your mind and your brain. If you think the worst thing happening in America today, or the planet today is yay and Joan speaking, you're just out of whack. You're just whacked out you're messed up in the head.

it.

And you might say that about yay. But I guess it takes one to know one then doesn't it?

Because if you don't realize

that an innocent podcast Oh, you want to say it's extremist was an extremist when you lied about hands up don't shoot in Ferguson burned to the ground mainstream media liberals was an extremist when

you made George Floyd into a saint, even though we all know the truth about his life and the events that day with the coroner's report, died from a drug overdose and you lied about that. And then that entire cities burning for an entire summer was that extreme?

No, see, you want to make it okay for you to engage in extremist behavior. You want to make it okay for you to engage in extremist speech.

But you don't want anyone else to have that same right, that same privilege? Because what it is is not white privilege that we see in America today. No, it's Liberal Democrat privilege. You guys are the ones above the law. You guys are the supremacists. Not Nick Fuentes, not Alex Jones, not yay, you. You the liberals. You're the supremacists, you're the bigots.

And your behavior today should be a another moment for you to have a self reflection period of your priorities.

So let me just get into some points here that I have leftover that I didn't get in before the last break there.

Because I just I just I'm seeing the responses. And most of this is just over the responses to the interview today. Will this be the first interview on the internet to get a trillion views?

But

for anybody that says, Oh, how could yay say that, that there might have been good Nazis? How could he say something like that? Well, okay, what's the, what's the cliche is? I was just doing my job, right? And then we say, oh, that's what the Nazis said. So is the nurse that gave someone a deadly poisonous vaccine a bad person? Is the doctor that gave someone a deadly poisonous vaccine a bad person? Are all the people on TV that promoted the COVID-19 vaccine that has not been safe or effective? Are they all bad people? Or are they just doing their job? I'm just looking for some logical consistencies here. Is that too much to ask? Is that too much to ask?

Then you have the whole issue of

the culture jamming, which you guys miss every time

and you still don't understand. And that's all that happened today was culture jammy.

We took a controversial guest, I guess multiple controversial guests on a controversial show, and engaged in free speech. Totally legal, totally lawful, totally classical liberal. And look at how you squirmed look at how you panicked. Look at how you freaked out. Look it out you're foaming at the mouth and reeling over it. Just like you did. When Kanye excuse me yay wore a white lives matter shirt, just like you do when Alex Stein goes to an event and culture jams your culture down your throat, just like you do when I would show up at a Trump rally with an Infowars mic flag and have 5000 people screaming and gnashing their teeth and spitting and throwing things at me.

Who are the real extremists who are the real intolerant bigots? You think Kanye West is making himself look bad. ALL Yay is doing his speaking. You're the ones making yourselves look bad with your double standards with your liberal Democrat supremacy and with your lack of logic and approach to these issues. And that's how you know it's not logic. It's propaganda. And there was a funny moment there where people were taking yeas Twitter account and tweeting from his Twitter account and I was kind of like, well, this is this is kind of goofy. This is kind of funny. But then I realized that there's a realness to this, because everyone else was banned. Nobody else has access to Twitter except yay. Flint is banned. Alexander ban, Jones banned Owen Shroyer myself banned.

So How funny is that? Literally, he was the only one we can even have in studio for this interview with this group of people that had a Twitter account. None None of all the others are banned.

Oh, what does that tell you? And these same people will tell you how corrupt the world is. And you say okay, so if the if the world is really corrupt, and politics is really corrupt, and there's bad people, wouldn't they be censoring and silencing the people calling them out and the people that are reporting on them and telling the truth about them? Yeah, I guess that would be your logic there, wouldn't it? And they would give platforms and amplify

By the voices of the people that are falling for their propaganda Oh, see how that works. That's what's happening right now.

And you know, there's another issue I always see here and again, I there were some off air stuff that happened here that will be up at Infowars and banned out video. I asked yay, in an off air little segment we had.

And

I was asking him well, what do you think about the human interest story? Because

you are the one saying, you like Hitler, you are the one saying that you like Nazis? Of course, that's what the media is going to print. Of course, that's what your enemies are going to use against you like, obviously. But isn't the real human interest story that a celebrity has broke from Hollywood that a celebrity has broke from the mainstream. And now we the people who have been who have been told we have to worship the stars, we the people who have been told we have to idealize the stars, when really most of them are just scumbag trash, human beings. And now we're looking at yeh saying, Can you pull that curtain back? Can you tell us what goes on? With Balenciaga Child Exploitation ads? Can you can you tell us what goes on with Kim Kardashian and the Kardashian family and all the weird stuff that happens there? Can you be the TODO that pulls the curtain back from Hollywood, which we're told is so great that we must idealize, idealize it, and worship it and pay the movies and watch their award ceremonies. But yet, when we look behind the curtain, maybe it's not so great, maybe we shouldn't have been so impressed. That's the human interest story for me.

That's the human interest story that I think needs to be told. But Kanye told me or Yeah, he told me. He said, we'll publish this advance video he said, Well, I'm just saying the things that no one else will say just to kind of push the limit and I don't want to paraphrase or misquote him, but

the video will eventually be up at Bandar video HD video we recording off air.

But why is it always about Hitler? Why don't people complain about mouse a tongue or Pol Pot or Stalin or Lenin? It's always about Hitler. I guess that's because of World War Two.

The aftermath made the world order that we now live in, if you will, but it's funny all you socialists out there, all you proud socialists, please do not forget that Hitler was a socialist. And in fact, Hitler launched his political platform out of the Socialist Workers Party in Germany, the Socialist Workers Party. What does that sound like? What do Hitler Mao, Pol Pot Stalin and Lenin all have in common? They were all socialists are Nazis. In other words, they were all left wingers. They were all left wingers. So never forget that the left wing ideology kills hundreds of millions of people in the 20th century. Why are we still dealing with it in the 21st? We're back live Alex Jones in the seat here. You know, we've had 76 million people hit Infowars. Today, that's people on heads. I've only got 25 million viewers right now. Ah, we had 39 million viewers when Yeah, he was on 10 minutes ago. That guy is definitely in the zeitgeist.

And the system trying to suppress people's free speech has caused this. I do not agree with a lot of the things that were said here today. And I made that clear. But when you've got a leftist media, literally saying white people are inherently evil, that's hit Larian. They can't then point at some black man who's criticizing the system and saying, Oh, he's Hitler.

The dog does not hunt. There's what I want to do. I'm gonna go ahead and host into the next hour.

I'm gonna go ahead and host into the war room. I want Shroyer is going to co host with me. And we're going to open the phones up for that. Yay. Kanye West interview you just heard in the last three hours. And we're going to take your phone calls today on that subject. And on the first amendment, and what's happening that one subject I don't normally string calls. Everybody knows that. And free for all yesterday, but today, I'm not going to your call. It's not on that Kanye West interview for three hours and 10 minutes you just heard earlier, and all the subjects and topics we covered surrounding the First Amendment that is a big Horizon. That is a big field that has a giant area to cover.

And you know, he said something that was really important when he was here. He said, You know, they say I'm autistic. Maybe I am 100% Lazy gentleman. He's a musical genius. And he's really smart, but he's an idiot savant. And I'd say he's an idiot when he sees this later. I'm not saying you're an idiot, to idiot savant. And what he's saying is I want to touch on all the taboos I want to say that things that can't be said, and I get that and he hasn't killed anybody. And he didn't round up Jews like

George Soros did. I want to play that clip here. George Soros

But I want to open the phones up and I want to take your call. So let's get the phone system powered up.

It's been a big party atmosphere here with the crew running around talking to each other. That's great.

But we're doing a show for the millions that the paltry 25 million that are still tuned in almost three, 4 million. So we got 25 million people watch it, like you know, a football games 100,000 in the stadium, millions watching. This is 25 million people watch right now, we should talk to them. We should decide this shows important. What we're covering on air has a little bit of value, other than everybody running up and down the halls talking to each other right now.

So I'm going to fire the phone system.

And I'm going to take your phone calls ladies and gentlemen. So start your engines. I'll give the number out when you come back from this George Soros clip. They give ADL awards George Soros, when he rounded up Jews, they use Schwarzenegger who said he hates Jews and loves Hitler. They get him award. So it's Kanye West. You get a small Award. He just loves Hitler. He didn't actually help pillar. Now he helped Hitler. He'd be probably the head of the ADL. But he didn't he was being tongue in cheek. I'm not even apologizing for him. I get the shock value what he was saying. He goes I love the Zionist I love Stalin I love mouse a ton. I love them all.

So it's all over the place, ladies and gentlemen, and it's gone super mega viral number one story in the world right now is this infowars.com

tomorrow's news today. Now here's the problem with having 76 77 million people so far today today, draw me three or 4 million.

This will cost me hundreds 1000s dollars today. We have great bandwidth deals. But when you've got not as people said audio, but you've got 3040 50 million people

in just the last couple hours tuned in

that cause some serious dead narrow. Show Mr. Jones is bankrupt. Mr. I am bankrupt. Personally I'm out of money, which is fine. Don't measure myself by that it means nothing to me started on extra TV, but it still means something for me to get the mission done. So I need you to go to Infowars store.com and get books and films and some of those great products. We got free shipping right now going in Infowars store.com Vitamineral fusion DNA force plus bodies ultimate Tumeric formula. These are incredible products that boosts your immune system and power your life around all the T shirts everything sold out put a few laps to the shelves right shirt. So we printed the most of those. It's all at Infowars store.com Get an Alex Jones number one New York Times bestseller number one world seller Amazon, the great reset all over the world. It's available signed or unsigned at Infowars store.com. Right now.

I can tell you about next week, it will no longer be available signed at Infowars store.com. Don't sign comments from forest or.com got a new deal with a new group. And we're gonna have signed copies somewhere else. And it's gonna cost more because we got to find this operation. I'm not gonna sit here. It's a free world world. I need funds to fight the New World Order. I need money. Because it's not just good enough. Oh my god, man, Alex Jones had 76 million people so far. Tune in today. We got 25 million people tuned in 10 minutes ago when I checked on the damn meter. So baby, we're talking 1000s of dollars every couple minutes. So we you want somebody to fight. You want somebody to have their own infrastructure. You want somebody to have their own operation you want somebody to do? Why didn't somebody just do it? Why didn't somebody had their own media? Why didn't somebody challenged the Silicon Valley and Hollywood, we're doing it. But wars cost money to go to Infowars store.com right now and get the amazing products@infowars.com Here's George Soros break down, we'll come right back at the number don't take your calls. It was actually probably the happiest life

of German occupation. For me. It's a very positive experience. It's a strange thing. Because you see incredible suffering around you. And in fact you are you're in considerable danger yourself. But you're 14 years old and you don't believe that it can't actually touch you. You have a belief in yourself, your belief in your father. It's a very happy making exhilarating experience, while hundreds of 1000s of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps. George Soros accompanied his phony Godfather on his appointed rounds, confiscating property from the Jews. These are pictures from 1944 of what happened to George Soros, his friends and neighbors. You're a Hungarian Jew

who escaped the holocaust by posing as a Christian, right? And you watched

lots of people get shipped off to the death camps. That was 14 years old. And I would say that that's what

My character was made in what way that one should think ahead, one should understand and anticipate events. And one is threatened. It was a tremendous threat of evil. I mean, it was a very personal experience of evil. My understanding is, is that you went out with this protector of yours, who swore that you were his adopted guys

went out, in fact, and helped him the confiscation of property from the Jews that site.

I mean, that's, that sounds like an experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many, many years. Was it difficult?

Not, not at all. Not at all. Maybe as a child, you don't you don't see the connection.

But it was it created No, no problem at all. No feeling of guilt. No, for example, that I'm Jewish. And here I am watching these people go, I could just as easily be there. I shouldn't be there. None of that. Well,

of course, I

could be on the other side, or I could be the one from whom the thing is being taken away.

But

there was no sense that I shouldn't be there. Because that was

actually funny way. It's just like in markets, that if I weren't there, of course, I wasn't doing it. But somebody else would be taking it away anyhow. University, whether I was there or not, I was only a spectator. The property was being taken away. So I had no role in taking away that property. So I had no sense of guilt. Are you religious? No.

Do you believe in God? No.

Infowars tomorrow's news today.

Well, it's lit lit lit. And the top story in the world is what happened? Yeah.

Kanye West here on the show earlier. And I want shores to come in and host the war room three to 6pm. I'll be hosting with him. We're going over the phones up. You guys punch the phone system up for me. Thanks. That'd be awesome. The toll free number to join us is 87778925398777892539. And it's on one topic, the First Amendment and free speech and those that want to control our minds. And the yea, interview the Kanye West interview that we just did. 877-789-2539. And I'm not going to call it quits on that subject. We normally have free for all get a free for all your stay. It's on this subject. What do you think in the last three and a half hours? What do you think of the three hours 10 minutes with gay West here in studio and what just went down?

Because he's not the left out saying all white people are the devil and are evil. That's horrible.

He's down here, just saying another group's bad. I don't even agree with that. But my point is, how do you judge him? When MSNBC and CNN ABC and all the colleges and high schools and elementary schools tell little white kids their bags are white. They're sitting there believing that little white kid, no kid deserves no matter what color they are. It's evil. It's the opposite of what Martin Luther King talks about that I agree with. I agree with Martin Luther King. I love Martin Luther King. I love everybody. I know black people love me. Hello, everybody. Anybody that's awake loves me. I am not gonna be part of this. But I'm not gonna sit there and have them point their finger at yay. And say he's the devil, when he's trying to get them out of what they're doing when they are openly using race to control people.

It's a spiritual war. 8777892539877789 Alex

we're taking your calls the next three plus hours, three hours in 10 minutes because my show is 10 minutes. But Ellen's gonna march right in here, you know, sit down right next to me and we're gonna take call every call and play big excerpts of that incredible interview you just saw but I want to encourage the 25 30 million extra people that are tuned in to our streams right now@infowars.com

At man dot video, and I want to encourage you, you know what happens

if you simply tell your email list your text messages, your friends? Hey, here's the forbidden information. Alex Jones. You said Kanye young. He's gonna be playing big clips of that coming up here what they don't want you to hear@infowars.com forward slash show

And then that causes a chain reaction. And then your text message, your email or your word of mouth, you say, by the way, tell the people you tell to tune in to tell the people they tell to tune in, and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in

and tell them to tune in. And it's unstoppable. The fake false shots, the open borders, the devaluation of the currency, the shutting off our fuel supplies, the brainwashing our children, all you got to do it Start using the human system we build of, hey, this is a scam tell the next person. People used to trust humans. We used to love each other. We used to get that.

And so if Jays got to sit here and set off a political bomb or things he said that I don't even agree with much of it. It doesn't matter because it's about getting people thinking and talking and we can end the New World Order and Klaus Schwab was a real Nazi and their whole system together right now.

showing everybody tuned in right now.

Over 20 plus million extra people to them right now. I love our audience of three, 4 million at a time boy, you're awesome. But you're the dyed in the wool. You're the choir. You're the people that know you're the people that fight. You're listening. you're black, you're white, you're Hispanic you're eight year old. You're young, you're gay, you're straight. You're all but you love God you love justice. You know things are wrong. You're too damn but today

we we've got all these 10s of millions of new people tuned in because this sucker like you talking about Las Vegas, man, you pull that? I mean, yeah, I never met him in person talk to him for years on the phone to have him here and his whole idiot savant that he had going on, which is not an insult. I call him an idiot, idiot, savant is everything. He's a genius. But they look like idiots to people that don't know what they're saying. They're an idiot savant. Because idiots don't get what they're saying. And yes, I am an idiot savant. There's no doubt about it. I know, mathematical computations without even trying, I know, politics and deep information. And it's, it's incredible. But there's different types of idiot savant God's given us so many ways that all of us are a little bit of an idiot savant.

And we had that big black, beautiful Indian savant here today.

had killed a person whose life saying, I got free speech, and I'm done being told I'm a Nazi. So I embrace everything you say, I am to stop giving them the power.

He wasn't Adolf Hitler, he did run Nazi Germany.

I bet his grandmother was a

who knows what, when this was all going on. And it's about sand. Stop calling me that. Stop saying on that. And you call me an N word. I take the N word. He said that. And I use it. I get that. You call me a Nazi? Fine. I take that on. You call me Hitler. Okay, I'm Hitler. But the truth is, the New World Order is way worse than Hitler. Hitler was a baby. Hitler was a joke compared to the New World Order. And Klaus Schwab and Bill Gates and everything they're doing.

Sort of the millions upon millions. Imagine a sports teams 100,000. Last time I checked him 30 minutes ago, we had 25 26 million people, not all our 40 radio stations, not on the 100 Plus TV stations, not on everywhere. Listen to be cut up later. No, no, we had up to 39 million people at one time on infowars.com.

Now it's only 25 million. Imagine if you all simply share the link to this again, it'll go to 100 million.

And then when I get a million dollar bill for all the bandwidth, hopefully we sold a product at Infowars store.com. To pay that because you want a war. You want free speech. You want a platform. You want a place where you're not censored. Well, you better pay up folks because this war doesn't happen for free. George Washington don't get his bullets at his ass.

And we don't get them out of their ethereal stuff from George Soros. Evora, store.com Infowars store.com Infowars store.com, free shipping everything there right now. Incredible products, books, films, you name it. Infowars store.com

All right.

Toll free number join us

877-789-2539 We have loaded phone lines kin and Uncle Sam. I love Uncle Sam. He never even had a gun on the years. He's a great talk show host in New Orleans. Uncle Sam that's the real Uncle Sam Bryce, Jimmy T. Sarah Bryce never get to prices in a row. That's weird. Orion, the hunter, open and many other straight ahead when we start

low or to the Ford tower and the Alex Jones Show is almost over. This historic broadcast is almost over.

Look into my eyes once again, a green juice

Oops, my stories are almost over. And then the fourth hour will begin in just a few minutes. So if the 25 million people would just go to infowars.com forward slash infowars.com infowars.com Ford slash show or band dot video and if you'll just Sharon say the verboten is here, what you're not supposed to hear is here excerpts of the big interview your calls oh and Shroyer and so much more we'll get Harrison Smith I've seen him around the office the host of American journal weekday mornings 8am Central here on the vaunted embattled battle hardened in Faux wars.com.

It's all coming up in the next three hours call after call. And I'm going to do it again. I rarely do this our radio stations understand they can override us when they're on ads. We're going commercial free. We'll take a few breaks here if you promos, we're going to continue on for the next three hours cutting the regular commercials to take your calls to cover the news and to share the word about the global awakening infowars.com Ford slash show info wars.com Ford slash show and band Alinea and say you want to hear what Kanye West is really saying you want to hear what they don't want you to know it's happening now. Right now and infowars.com Ford slash show and band dot Vidya.

All right, we're gonna go to break. We're gonna come back and when we return

we will go directly your calls and more straight ahead but this is the human rebellion against tyranny. This is the free speech revolution. This is the info war and it is exciting to have this great crew and exciting to have all these listeners and excited to be standing in front of 3040 50 million new people tuned in today in the church of truth, blurting the truth and we're going to talk directly to the people straight ahead as we go forward on this live Thursday December 1 2020. Free Shipping

I got some good news. I got some bad news. I thought we had enough free gifts and books and films and T shirts and DVDs and all the rest of it with every order to keep it going at least until

early December. Sorry can't. They've done the numbers at current sales rates will be sold out by about 3am on Wednesday. So tomorrow night at midnight.

The free gift on top of up to 60% off and double Patriot points William you'll still get up to 60% Off with promo code 7076 We'll keep the blowout sale going on DNA force plus and Vitamin Mineral Fusion bodies ultimate turmeric formula and Super Male Vitality and ultra 12 and basil beats and all of it at big discounts on the books and everything but the free gifts have to end Mr. Ed midnight and they will 100% And so you got until Tuesday night at midnight ladies and gentlemen to get the massive discounts the double Patriot points and the free gift that is our biggest selling history with a free gift on top of up to 60% off Infowars store.com. And I would boost your immune system as I was here with all this going on. We have the highest quality vitamin d3 with calcium, the gummies for adults, children, everybody it's massively discounted. We have the 11 100% of daily allowance, high quality vitamin C the Linus Pauling formula from rose hips with the zinc to turbocharge, your immune system, your health and so much more. It's massively discounted and the free gift and the double Patriot points. All of it is an info war score.com or call toll free triple 82533139 We need funds to stay on air so it's a win win. Only we lose and you don't take action. Remember fortify your immune system more than ever. We've got great products please choose us your health and wellness. We'll be right back
