the first man to smoke marijuana never really smoked the inhaled it was a Chinese man, he was a very great man. And whenever he lit the plant, it wasn't to get high. But he would start to get high. And every time he got high, a blue bird would come to him

and tell him to conquer his neighboring neighborhoods. And he listened to those

to the bird. And that's exactly what he did. And he became a great emperor. And China

went that point in the story. Pablo Escobar looks at his doctor and he goes, have you ever been to Disneyland?

And the doctor goes, no, Pablo. I have a

very clean, very organized.

Whoa. That's it.

But it's a truth. First guy that was a Chinese dude that burnt the plant because he liked the smell of the plant and gave him a soothing but after days of doing it, it packed up in his body and he started to loosen that and he saw a bluebird. Bluebird came to him and told him that he had to conquer the neighborhoods within the region are crazy bird. He got high and a bird start talking to him. What are you gonna do? You know, I don't know if this is true, but this is one of the things that the pot aficionados always used to say is that, you know, when a priest walks down the aisle, and they have that thing that they swing and there's burning incense inside of it. That used to be wheat. That's what they used to do. What dimension I don't know at one point I believe it was we got it became that shit that Batman shot at the Green Hornet. It was like pedophile smoke. You wake up your shirts bomb backwards and shit. Your pants are missing.

Well, what did What is it now? What kind of incense is it? Now? It's like,

I go into the church every once in a while. Yeah, you have to go for the full effect one like the five in the afternoon on Saturday. And the only morning Sunday they don't break out the incense. They don't start breaking out the fucking Maloof get fucking Sagarmala Milan kid.

And the guy comes out and one guy comes out throwing water, cheeses and then the other guy. It's so weird how that somebody made a great point on Twitter the other day they said,

You Me Mitch Hedberg. If there's five of us that delivered newspapers. is five that delivered newspapers. You Hedberg did it. Yeah. You delivered them in a car to other places. I was an asshole that took a route but not the route in my neighborhood. The route in the neighborhood over so I had to beat the kids dead before they get there and steal the papers. I would deliver them right to the doors. Oh, you did too. Yeah. And then you collected Yeah, collected from only a handful people. Most people were on like a monthly subscription plan. They had they were switching over. But the people that you'd have to collect from Yeah, like this envelope, like a tan envelope. And you had to like mark off like, you know, when they do things, I barely remember it because it was only a couple the clients. And after a while I kind of got away from doing them. I said I don't want to do these people that have because it's too hard to collect. It's annoying, like I don't want to I don't want to have to go to that was my specialty. I didn't like I must have been that was when I first got to Catholic school. And my mom gave me an option that I had to go up there and work in the afternoon. And I'm like, I gotta figure something out. I just don't want to go up there anymore. And my friends said, I'm giving up my newspaper out but he didn't give up the one in my neighborhood. He gave up the one in the next city over the next town over that city. I could still walk there. So I'd have to leave school and run over there because of not to do to steal my papers and sell them as their own on the fucking street corners. So I'd have to get them put the circulars in, put them in a thing and then throw them on people's balcony and then on Fridays and Saturdays. I have to go back with a ring after dinner. And collect I do Mr. Rogan. I'm here to pick up 75 cents and they give me like $1.50 That was your tip. Right? And you got like 22 cents a week for delivering the paper did you collect from everybody I collected from everybody I was this efficient? What yours was were these this has to be 7374 75 Yeah, so I guess when I started doing it is when I started driving, which had been like 83 I probably started at three I probably started when I was 17 No, that was 8585 Probably then I was when I probably started doing it. Are you too old to be collected? I wouldn't be that. Well wasn't even that it was just annoying. Like what you wanted to do was go to the depot pick up the papers, chuck them into the people's driveways and that's it. And then there was a few people that wanted it inside the door. So you'd have to get out of your car open up their screen.

door, put it in there and then leave. And the idea was that those people, everybody would say those people tip you better those two, Bill tip you better million. Okay? And so we would only have like a few of those. And I think after the first couple of years, they stopped doing those kinds of collections, or I definitely stopped doing him.

But it was an awesome job. When you're like a young comic, or you know, even before was a comic when I was fighting, it was just, I didn't have to do anything where someone was telling me what to do. I could get my car. I could listen to whatever I wanted to. I listen to Charles Lockwood, Dara. He had the morning the big mattress

on I think it was BCN. I'm pretty sure it's W BCN and Boston. This is awesome radio show. I listen to that. Chuck newspapers on Windows, I do that for like three hours every day. You know, it was the best job ever, because then I would make enough money where I could pay my bills. But I still had all the time in the world, you stand up

all the time, the world train all the time in the world do anything. But it definitely fucked me up. Because you're not supposed to be getting up that early every day. Like that can't be good for you. You know, if you listen to people that know things about sleep, like getting up at 430 in the morning or five in the morning, every day and not being responsible. That was the beginning. To me. That was the beginning of the new Joe Rogan era podcast. That was the first podcast I listened to. I agreed with a lot, but also had a couple of mitigating factors. Because I believe that everybody's body's a lot different. I know I could rock and roll. I could throw down on seven straight. But it's got to be seven straight. No, no, no get up the P two times. Because once you're 50 it could be up and down. See once you turn 5048 Everything changes Papa. So if you see have had nine chicken Cantucci water that has to come up throughout the night, and you will be up all fucking night on the hour every hour. There's no REM sleep. Yeah, there's no REM sleep. So you have to come. Once you get over you have to control your thyroid dog. I've been a specialist on sleep since day one. That was one of the most interesting podcasts you had. I bought the book and everything. And he made some great points in that. I didn't I wasn't raised on an app.

My mom did raise her lap once we came from Cuba. My dad died there was no nap I went where she went. Right. So my day consisted of eight to three in the morning. She had a manager's room in the back of the bar with a cot. And if I got tired at one go back then take a nap. But I gotta stay here till 3am I gotta work. Wow. So my sleep was always horrific. Then when I was running five and six, and school that I went to normal sleep, I went to Catholic grammar school, normal sleep, everything was normal. But my mom had a bad thing that she did. My mom had an issue that a lot of parents don't do when they work nights. It was she did it from the heart because I have a friend who doesn't wake you up at three in the morning Joe Rogan. Joe Rogan Can I butcher black ink and pasta which goon G from whom? bertos and I brought your newspaper? Are you fucking kidding me? Can you imagine if I won't give him another tip when you're 26 Years Old Joe at 330 in the morning, and you know I'm doing it from my heart. And seven out of 10 times you're gonna get up and eat the squeegee Lee or the while the marinara sandwich I brought you from Leo's because they worked in the city.

So if remember you bartender in New York City on the way home when you stop no you stop and get two slices of fucking the best pizza. There is in Manhattan. So my mom would wake me up every night at 330 in the morning with a Cuban sandwich.

That killed me over the years that Mitt would make me get up every night at three.

There's still nights that I'll be sleeping. I got a good night's sleep but I look at the clock and it's 3am on the fucking dot.

Because it's in my

butt like last night I slept good. I fucked up my sleep was bad after I read the book for a while. That's how deep it got into my head. So when I went back to Weight Watchers, I realized I couldn't eat any more fucking edibles. Because they wouldn't they would make me hungry at night. I would fucking go off the charts with points. So I stopped eating edibles and Joe Rogan my sleep pattern changed bad.

Like my body did not know how to go to fall asleep by itself. I went through a month of fucking two hours asleep. Jesus doing a bunch of shit and then three more hours in the afternoon.

Try anything did you try like melatonin or anything like that? I did cocaine for 30 years melatonin to take it to a turkey stick my GABA GABA gooble Gugu I drink them all together the tea the vine and leave me alone. Leave me the fuck alone Alright, fuck this I got something that's GABA GABA, the tea and the trip to pin put together and they still don't find I buy it on Amazon. Not bad. So what I learned to do was rotate it

so now I'm back on the animals I found it about an expired bag achievement shoes, like the Dave Chappelle toy when I went out with Dave I found a bag with about 24 Oh my god, I slice them in half you take one of those you wake up at six in the morning to pee a piece brown expired stamping

what happens if you eat expired animals same thing when you eat an expired Vikon listen to this listen to this listen to

the story of a frog going around this works the jaw this is you're gonna find Joe Schilling he took these and caught him back on Monday.

Nobody knocking yet after he one of these things those things put you in another dimension. Oh my god. I've been in a fucking another dimension since last week and I don't give a fuck. I have not left the house in a week. You understand me? I hate to have them on Saturday. I know you up and I know how beautiful was it beautiful. How are the audience and they were amazing. tremendous tremendous. The nicest people it's a bunch of really smart people that said you know what? Fuck California. Fuck Portland. Fuck New York fuck Chicago. They're gonna get mad we're blown up Boise they want to keep it low key. Oh, yeah. They want to keep it low key as fuck in all those areas. You could ski up there. They got everything out there. Nobody knows. Yeah, they got a couple people I hate black people. But they keep on the side of the state Mark firm is up there fucking Oh, Jay sister in law, you know saying It's alright. It's alright. No, no, no, it's beautiful. And then you went to sign my friend. No. I kidnapped showed up to your show. He said he had a great time. I wanted to say a little Rogen. You could have done the podcast right there. He said he was embarrassed

but Saturday night I pay the fucking animal Joe Rogan. I hate to have these expired ones. I hate one that I said let me take a chance. Saturday night another one. And I noticed your movie was coming on. And it is fucking what a phenomenal movie Midnight Express. When they catch the kid coming back from Turkey with hash on his body. Joe Rogan that is one of the most hottest movies you'll ever fucking watch. And you goddamn the first 30 minutes of that. Like, I thought I was gonna die. Like when they let him go through and they played him and as soon as he hit the fucking plane, they turned them around, ripped his shirt. And they dropped their hands and knees and they gave him the seven years and they started raping him. Jesus, but I watched up to the part where fucking he became friends with this dude, they had a cat. And the dude name was likey likey likey was the guy's name and Lekki killed the cat. And they let this American no you don't have point where even what Michael Douglas and was that movie when he's on the 405 and he just snaps fighting back Michael Douglas is shit and they try to rob them. The three Mexicans tried to rob him from his suitcase. What was it? What was

falling down falling?

He had like his day like that was it? That was the last day to fucking live.

This fucking dude finds out they killed that poor Americans cat and he throws a fucking beat on his left.

Joe Rogan isn't one of the most disturbing beatings. There's two disturbing beatings in film history. That's number two, because he closes it out because the guy was a rat. So after he throws a beatin on look yeah, right there. He spitting up a guy's tongue in the air. And they showed it I gotta give a shout out to Turner Classic Movies. You must fuck had been growing heat the last six days. They had on Sunday mouse last night that the gambler on the night that followed this. This is the 40th anniversary Joe Rogan he throws a beat on him opens his mouth I'm thinking the guy has been a nice guy he's gonna get a month a month and save the guy's life. FUCK NO YOU SEE Him Lord

pulls up like this Joe, they slow it up only fucking real direct that on the waterfront last night Jesus Yeah, they fucking around. And they curse. Once I was watching like what is the commercials and they said fuck one time. Why mothers will play this hand. Now they're going to show the tongue Joe

And he takes it out to you could see the rage from the fucking eight years in that Turkish jail getting fucked in the ass. Eat that hummus. Drinking that fucking watered down tea from Latvia and he just spits his fucking tongue in the air. Look at his beat the best beaten of all time. There's only one better beaten our boy a Mexican when he beat up ta

the pilot. This is LabKey Jesus.

Dude, I forgot about this movie. This is a classic. This is a classic 70s movie.

This is crazy to look at him. He's just this is eight years of getting beat up every day. I'm not I'm gonna fucking kill you. You're fuck

fuck dude.

This is an intense scene. What year is this movie Seven eight. I was a kid. I still remember going to see this in the movies and leaving that like, dog I have ever gone to Turkey. Jesus Christ. The scene for the people that are just listening. He's He's tearing apart this bathroom to get it this guy. I don't remember who the guy is. He's the guy that sells more than down hash and he rat you out. And he's just a creepy fucking dude. And then to finally push them over the top. He hangs his cat. He wakes up to his cat being hung. And right here people this is the fucking strength of the 70s Balls to the wall. Oh smashes? Yeah, no this is real deal. Real Red little little blue

Oh shit. Are you fucking nuts? Good morning. It's the fourth of July. You're fucking with an American motherfuckers even in Turkey we lose our fucking minds. That guy must have been half Armenian isn't money but his tongue. There you go. Dude. This was an IT this guy in the Dinah age and real life. This is a strong strong next time you had guy was a real life guy in

the actor. Who was he? What was his name? I forget what his name Brett Brett Brad Davis. Jesus. Then the second best beating is our man. Anthony Quinn. At the end. When he when he was at. He beat the shit out of the good looking dude for fucking his girlfriend Marielle stole Madeline star in a movie called Revenge. That is oh yeah, remember revenge. Kevin cost Kevin Costner. And then he slices a face and he fucking puts her in a whorehouse Right. Talk to me as every hour on the hour.

This is it. It's a fourth of July. Doug Get your shit together. You have to say if Alex Jones is correct. We're going to have a civil war today. So what the folks you talked to Alex, you got to calm them down. Alex, you got to calm down talking about a civil war. He had me doing an extra achievement shoot the other night.

I was polishing the fuck in the musket. Alex thinks I'm defending the New World Order. Because I didn't think that George Soros was a Nazi.

It's it's also painful. What's our job? Rob? Nothing. What's happening, brother? Everything's great. Me too. I feel good.

Alex Jones. I love you, buddy. For real.

But you say some silly shit. That's where this all comes from? Doesn't mean I don't love you. You're a great guy. But there's some shit. That's just silly. It's wasted time. You know?

That's one of those things. It's just a waste of time.

Does that make sense? Um, which I think there's real conspiracies. You know, but I think there's some that

you know, people just get caught up and looking for conspiracies and everything and after a while it's exhausting.

Let's get the ball off the table. I love the guy loved the podcast with me last week. Yesterday Tina Turner his son.

Get Alex Jones gonna hear that so I'm just about finished. Okay, I'm sorry. No, it's okay. It's just I love the guy. I really do. I just don't support a lot of the shit that he said like the Sandy Hook stuff. I don't know if he since disavowed that. I don't know. If he changed his opinion on it. I don't know what it is. But at a certain point timing like Jesus man. Are you sure what you got to be really sure before you say something crazy like that?

Right.

Don't use I mean, don't you think? Look, I think he's a great guy. And as a person. I'm not attacking him.

I just when he goes crazy, gets mad at me.

I love I want to hug him. I love him. He told me the story about trucks pulling up in front of the house and they could see through

your walls,

they probably can't do that they do that in different neighborhoods. You know, I probably can do something like that. But then after five of those,

and this is my experience, I'll tell you something that you got to sit there and go what the fuck am I doing sitting here? But that's cool. That's Alex and we accept them for what the fuck he is. I just thought there was a civil war starting today. I really thought he was saying well, the Democrats are going at it today so somebody's shooting somebody so the fuck knows to just to calm Alex down nobody's telling me what to say. No one's telling me what to do. Not involved in New World Order. Who's the new world just because my enlighten me about the new I'm not sure. I'm not involved though. I just want Alex to know not involved. What else people you gonna want the night? Well, you get a new world order. Who's the dinner people? The people you say you eat with smart? Oh, they're just these are all podcasters and former professors and all these different people that are doing different things together. This gave me the lead though. Yeah. On the ropes, right. He was taking he went back with the CIA.

Adding the ropes show me talking about you know, the CIA.

What? Not?

only am I either cheap. It's you. It's it's Fourth of July.

Fireworks like walking CBS Radford, I think I think conspiracies are fun. And that's part of the problem with conspiracies. They're fun. They're fun to chase down. They really are. Their interest. I'll tell you what, fun to chase down to read about one and to absorb it by yourself. Once I get into a room with three men, and we're on a conspiracy for 48 minutes. That's when I get aggravated. Well, that's what I don't ever want to talk about. That's what the shit that kills me. I don't have the time to discuss whether the moon landings. We all have an idea what we think happened. Guess what? I really don't want to talk about not on the fucking Fourth of July. Yeah, no. The problem with them is, and this is a tendency is that when people get really into conspiracy theories, they're end to everything being a conspiracy. It's not like they're into conspiracy theories and also into the history of Cuba. They can give you a detailed history of some really crazy shit that went down, like how many people that are really into conspiracy theories. could give you a rundown on how Castro took over Cuba, which is like a real thing that happened in you know, our parents lifetimes, right? Think about that.

How many people that are really into like, you know, whether or not there's bases on the moon, know about, you know, all these different things that have happened through human history, the Mongols,

the Roman Empire, the Greek Empire, that was crazy shit, that definitely really happened. All the stuff that happened during the Vietnam War, all the stuff that happened during the Nixon administration, all that stuff's real. It's fascinating, fascinating shit to look into.

But then you get the dumb ones like, Oh, God, we really discussing whether or not the earth is flat. This is a real conversation. Like people really doing that.

Satellites aren't real. Go on social media. God, you'll find a bunch of people to do that agree with you, too. Gotta be so careful about not listening to scientists.

On Saturday on Sunday night, Sunday night on the 50 is a 60 minutes there was showing how they interviewed different people now, the one guy went to some crusade, Osama Osama Saddam Hussein.

He said to him, ask him to tell him that this guy said he's crazy. And he interpret looked at him

and asked him that. And there was both there was one particular interview that he was just talking about the interview. He was one of the best interviews he ever did was when he pushed the guy, the guy that was standing behind Kennedy in the car,

the agent

that should have taken the bullet for Kennedy. They interviewed that guy, that's a great you got to have that one that, that he was one step behind. I mean, he breaks down into tears. He's a real American, like, this is a guy that's a real American took that job. And then like it wasn't your fault. And he's like, You don't understand I was a second behind. If I would have been there just one second early, I would have caught it in my back and the President would have been alive. I mean, it's fucking crazy.

Jesus, he imagined being dedicated to protect a guy with your own life, and to really drink the serum and to believe it like like a fucking soldier. It deserves very special human beings that can do that. So a lot of human

and beings that have that kind of resolve

will throw their life in front of a bullet to protect someone else's that's intense

and is intense.

And you have to hear where the bullet is coming from what your response time has to be.

To be this is when you're a real high level. Bodyguard this is you are the highest of the highest you're hearing is impeccable. This means when you're walking down the street with this guy inside, you have to learn by yourself how to shut off nature and noises and listen to footsteps, weapons clicking holsters opening Think of how interesting just that alone is. That's why sometimes when you see him they're holding one ear because there's zero within anything particular a car's tires screeching differently think of that fucking job because that's what their job is

to react to that so if there's if Joe Rogan has eight guys when they train and I don't even know I've never trained in Quantico, but I just know that I guarantee the first two guys the first four guys are lead guys. They have a mission. One guy gets to the door if there's a shooting the other guy duck two guys duck for the President. There's got to be plans like they'd like formations and football shoes. What if the linebacker goes this way you run around me? This doesn't take the fucking genius to tan. There has to be formations to protect the president. Whoever it is you're protecting in that level. What I'm protecting Kevin Hart how many people are gonna try to assassinate Kevin Hart? When I'm protecting

a president how many people that are really try to shoot that President with weapons? I mean, let's go to the Ronald Reagan attempt. Let's go to these attempts. How fuckin fast this is. You have to be so high elite, Vietnam, another war and then you got to do a tour with something else where you were just like a spook you tiptoeing till people with toothpicks in show. This is my this is what I think you're training you. I don't think you're just born to be Rambo. I think they have to take you to the government. And they start with 100 Rambo's. They just keep training training training. You lose some along the way and after every 100 you get eight fucking savages that never had chance to get married. The government never gave me a chance to get married.

That good? Well, all these guys that I know that have been Navy SEALs, all of them are

any special forces guys? Just you those are different humans, you know, to just different people. But what's Jocko? Navy SEAL. Okay, so in that, yeah, and I'm just just a level that you have to be

you have to have more control of your mind. more control over your will more control over your discipline. You're you're in the most elite branch of the military. I mean, this is the elite of the elite. I mean, you make it insanely difficult to get in. So you just get the cream of the crops.

The people who are they just a mental fortitude is just unlike an average person.

If you meet a bunch of people like that, man, you realize like wow, people come in all kinds of different levels. There's people that just only surround themselves with other excellence.

And those dudes like those Jocko type dudes or Tim Kennedy type dudes, those that's like a different kind of human. Like, they don't make a lot of those. You just want to have only those.

Boy, you got to there's a lot that has to happen before you can become a person like that you have to you have to travel through many valleys of the mind and the body to get to be a person like that. A person of insane resolve in a time of war.

So very intense human beings. It's not even that time a war or these 12 Filipino kids in the fucking back caves down there. Look who went to get them to fucking seals, the seals, the SEAL team went down that because that would happen. Well, there's different various agencies, but there's also a SEAL team there.

Make makes sense, you know, the SEAL team that is elite as elite so what do you I don't even know that's how you probably become a fucking

A bodyguard to the president, you'd have to fucking start like as an attache, somewhere for a year or two with a suit on, just to adjust to human life and life without fucking air and bombs go off every 20 minutes and shit. Yeah, and then move up in that system until you get to that level the Secret Service. There's no way you're going to be sick. They put you into a Secret Service Training School, and you're there in 60 Fucking days. Let me tell you some. I got my daughter goes to science camp.

You know, whatever the fuck until pre K starts. And one of the kitchen goes on his dad's an FBI agent. So you know, my job is every day to sneak up on him.

Every day I sneak up on him and put a gun to his side. And I know what's going on and I pat him in the back and he giggles and shit and I tell my wife everything. He's the worst FBI agent I've ever seen in my life. Because I'm too lazy. I'm tiptoeing up to him. He didn't even hit me in bushes and unlike that, that's how good I am. Do you know why Doug? Because they admire him rad. I'm an academy today, Joe Rogan right out of college. That's why we have so many shootings. That's why we have so many accidents out there with police officers. They don't hire neighborhood kids anymore.

They hire college graduates to they've never had. What we had see when you were growing up, if all else failed. You've never been arrested in your life. You really could have been a cop. You're a nice guy. But you really could have been Joe the cop. You could have been Joe the cop and Quincy mass that drives around and shit like that. So anybody could be anybody can be a cause. But Joe the cop would have been different. If Joe the cop would have came in here and see me and Jamie argue, Joe, the cop wouldn't arrest me and Jamie Joe, the cop would say I want to meet you motherfuckers tomorrow at three, he would give us both boxing gloves. And we would box it out when we were 12 both go home and get ice cream the next day. Joe the cop wouldn't throw us both in jail. Joe the cop wouldn't throw us against the wall. And if we turned around, he'd shoot one of us in the fucking leg. He was part of the community Jody cop and Joe on the cop knew what it was like living in that community as a child. Do you understand me? So and I didn't know this? I've been thinking about a lot about this and I ran into somebody and I asked them and that cop? Why are we having the situation's we're having in this country? The one last week and fucking East Pittsburgh is just mind blowing that motherfuck that just now there's a lot of different angles for that they had just finished doing a shootout

but the kid took off this cop watch them said okay, God down drop down military style blast him three times. Shoot me in the leg bitch shoot me in the leg for running away. That's what Joe the cop would do. Yeah, but even shooting someone no way what it's got to be something that they did. That's really fucked up. Well listen, I believe

in the legs and take your fucking life. I hear you. I rather shoot you in the leg and take in life if it's an iffy call, but just show you so you know it's not safe to shoot someone in the leg. People die from getting shot shot in the foot and ankle. No okay, but I'm gonna sanction the risks. I don't want to give me the impression that

how many movies that we grew up at then the guy got shot in the shoulder he just went

I'm saying you live getting shot Miss shaver. It is they get pistol whipped and then when they wake up it's like nothing happened. They just start duking it out.

They got pistol whipped everybody was pistol weapon people remember that? They would just club them in the head with a pistol that was so crazy. That was like a thing

and then the people would wake up why? What happened? I didn't get pistol whipped with the but I got pistol whip with

the gun to the head. Nothing bled thank God but it fucking hurt. I don't know what the fuck type of gun it was like an automatic like like a nine millimeter type thing it wasn't like a revolver. I never got hit with the butt or what a weird feature of the human body if that you hit it in the right spots it goes out

we have like a plug. We have like a loose like some people's plugs a little looser than others. Some people's plugs like Mark Hunt and it takes forever to knock it loose.

Some people can just take it some people can it's fucking weird so weird characteristic you hit people in they go unconscious.

It's very strange.

It's very strange feature that we exploit. You know.

But in movies it was making like it's no big deal. It's a big fucking deal. It's a big deal. You should avoid having a W

two big deal to get knocked unconscious.

So when we first started hanging out when asked

alone. You took me to see that boxing coach. Well, at the time he had four Academy Award guys he was training was that Terry clay Bon Jovi. Claymont. Terry's amazing. He's a great guy. We walked in there we went upstairs. And I think

at the time when we walked up, Nicolas Cage is up there at the time was a piece on his shit. Like Johnny boombod stuff. And then Terry came over and gave you a hug. And we went downstairs and Terry grabbed Steve Simone later on, because Steve worked there at the time. This is 9798 as a gym. Oh, yeah. And he goes, boy, that guy's been wrong professionally as a comic, he should have been a boxy, it's like a meal. You know,

I never forgot that. him saying that. And all the stuff. He talked about brain damage, and whatever.

It took a lot for you to at that age to realize that this was fucking for real. This was this was dangerous. There was no money in it. There was no temptation, this head, this head shit is not this is real. It was real. But there was also I didn't have any temptation. Now what happened before? What happened before this, like, what happened to the guys that I saw playing Black football and black and white with leather helmets? Well, you know, leather helmets are safer, believe it or not, because you don't feel as confident when they had those leather helmets, they didn't crash into each other same way. There's a, there's a opinion, I don't know if I agree with because I don't know much about the sport. But there's an opinion that no pads, no helmets, football would be safer, because you wouldn't be able to do the same things that they're doing. Now you can't just run into people head to head, you just just destroy you. And you can only do it a few times, your body would just start breaking. But if you're putting helmets on and pads, it accentuates your ability to run into someone with all your force that's unnatural. And it creates an unnatural jarring of the body in the brain that the rugby guys don't yet. Think about rugby guys don't have all those pads. So when they're clashing into each other, they're learning how to roll with things are not just colliding into each other. They're not. There's a different game when you've got padding. So if you take away the padding, people have to be more careful and how they're engaged. They can't just charge in it smash into each other. They won't last How.

How is CTE in the game? It's a contact sport for sure. Right is banged up. It's a contact sport. Wild contact sport. Are there any no no? I don't know. Interesting to find that. I remember being a kid dog. I'm from Jersey. It's a real good question. Fucking jersey, right? Yeah, we know football. I didn't even know soccer back then.

Couple Spanish people played the dark side of the court. They played soccer on Sundays. They wouldn't even let nobody watch them a couple of Spanish guys. But besides that soccer was not big in my area. But when I moved to Aspen,

I would go to aspirin on Saturday. It's just a walk around, get a big and a sandwich. And I'd see rugby I had never saw that. I didn't know what the fuck it was right? And I was like, in good shape. And after about three times, I went one of the guys that didn't want to show up on a fucking Saturday and I looked at them like what are you crazy?

Like, I don't even know what the fuck you guys are doing? They have a big rug, rug Fest and aspirin every year. Pretty much every year. That's where I first saw rugby was in Colorado. I don't think I've ever seen it live. I've only seen on TV. Yeah, no, I've seen it live. And it's

you know, I saw three. I saw two things that blew me away live. And in Colorado, I saw rugby. And I saw when they did like a Tour de France star type race. But they did it slow Snowmass Village. And I knew exactly what it was the road up and how it would have to be a circle to go and you'd have to go back down to route 82. Right, you would just do circles around Snowmass and I still remember being on a hill, listening to them going up the hill.

And it just blew my fucking mind the way the tire was hitting the speeds like how fast they were going uphill. And then 20 years later, you realize that doing BPOS and fucking hanging out with Sheryl Crow's Oh, husband, shooting all that shit. Can you imagine when they were shooting in the 80s When I saw them? Jesus was shit stronger back then. I can only imagine. What's the drug that they shoot that their legs won't stop moving at night so they gotta get on the bicycle. Oh, EPO. It's not the delay. Yeah.

gets thick. Apparently I'm probably saying it wrong. But they have this feeling like they have to exercise. One of our buddies was a biker and you know, he was professional tour guide just like, you know, not like a super famous super successful

One but he was a professional bike rider. What would you call one of those cyclists, a professional cyclist? And he would tell us about it how guys, you'd hear them. He knew that they were on EPO, and then you would hear them when they were on a tour bus did get up in the middle of the night and go ride their bike. Like they felt like they had to exercise. So I guess if you're on a lot of it, I don't know, I have never done it. It seems like it would be awesome, though. If you can take some drug that like super juiced up your endurance, that sounds awesome. But apparently, it's just not very safe. And they were saying that a lot of executives take it now. Like there's there's people that are executives that are just entering endurance races and they're taking EPO and entering into these endurance races that like regular people with regular jobs just decided to take it. There was some article about that. See if you could find it.

It was like CEOs

entering into endurance races taking EPO but it's a few fighters have been caught with it. And apparently just really juicy.

Yummy. You go 16 rounds instead of fucking Yeah, type shit. Yeah, I had a friend that used to shoot neat steroids and never do a pushup.

Jesus Christ he was whacked that's crazy. I go don't What are you gonna go to the gym next week?

Let's say I'll never forget him. Seeing him eat like half a bottle when he V. The pink football like the pink ones in the 80s he would just put them in his hand like pick tacks, would it be oh my god, Jim tomorrow I did some push ups today. Just my biceps. That's all I need a few biceps.

lats a tally Italians

crazy group of humans that came up always want you to do the impersonation from you when Italian people in Jersey found that that Marlon Brando is gay

I can't fucking believe it. 20 years he was the godfather. And no no, no. He couldn't blow a regular dude. No, God forbid he blows a black dude really stabbed me right here in the fucking line. I couldn't even take him no more added to the DVD collection away. And fuck that. I would love to hear one of those guys what they said when they found that that that week, didn't they say that he fucked everybody. Men and women. Well, yeah, he bagged everybody fucked everybody. And then it came out he was banging the guy with the big dick and cube. That's right Superman.

Poor Italian people that would Godfather fans. They will lighten those fucking DVDs on fire fuck Marlon Brando por por homophobes.

I like him more now. I like Marlon Brando. Marlon Brando Yeah, I don't give a fuck. I don't listen

to me Richard prior to thinking about Richard Pryor getting so coked up that he lit Marlon Brando fucker was one of the things I was like. Unless he that's prejudice with me. I should just assume he enjoyed it. And assume he enjoyed having sex Marlon Brando Why should I give a shit?

Remember one thing

because you're gonna die when I tell you this, oh, Marlon Brando told the studio and to give them like 100 grand to read Superman.

Like you know when people call you up, Joe Hi, Joe. This is Cynthia from your agent, right? We're sending you a script or veto proof to read

me on your grant. Give me 100 grand I'll read it because he went to the island he went deep and he believed his ego you gotta remember that was an all time record for a long time when he got for Superman. He banged him out

he took them to the cleaners timesheet and

he fucked them up to the as bad like big that what they pay them in 1970 Whatever for Superman remember, he fucked them big time I'm I think it's Mutiny on the Bounty and one of those movies they kept saying that oh, we have a beautiful spot for you right here in Marina Del Rey. If we do this we got to do this on this island I found he had gone down and found love he's like there's a bunch of running around there's a bunch of women running around with leaves on you know damage.

He made the studio shoot down and then and then went down it wants to go to fucking whatever island they shot that out. And so that's where he lived right? So he went down and he got down and he's like Jamie, what's your job pa no more you the director Rogan yeah this and everybody was shooting and they were shooting his feet.

They were shooting like him run like the shore. And meanwhile he's just banging fucking Hawaiian women at the time. Just having orgies. Bagging kids, all those kids that shot themselves all those

He had pneumonia oh my god all those poor kids that fucking God rest their souls that all those problems yet he was down there like fucking just Matador and whatever Paramount whatever that network was showed up down and so let's see the dailies and said What the fuck is this you're done they brought somebody else in Marlin ended up saying fuck it i By the end of it he bought the island didn't need like this is just crazy shit I heard over the years and they just lived on the island and then if they wanted to have a quality Island and they had like levels or you want me to read the script that's gonna cost at all you want me to come to the studio? That's 300,000 He had levels of fucking than they would give it to him they will. And then they didn't want him for the godfather. They were like nah, there's no way we want that fucking guy. Wow. And then finally he put the tape in his mouth and all that shit and they approve them and he did a bro that movie is like a porn.

The one he did that Last Tango in Paris is it that's like a light porn and then the chick came out years later said that motherfucker Stone Cold raped me.

Yeah, he was the king of me too. He invented me to that motherfucker dog. Wow. Yeah, she came out years later and said something about that. He she didn't know what Marlon Brando went in there and choked her out like McQueen and fucking.

And the getaway. She thought she was just getting pushed. You had the McQueen and who was it with?

McGraw that was hard to watch, dude. Cuz you could tell that was real. There's no way that wasn't real. Like he was really hitting her. Yeah, no, no, no, he was a method.

That is harsh. He's crazy. Crazy. scene was so real because of it. Man. It's awful to watch. But

but it's real, right? It's an awful scene. It's real. Fuck, man, that you imagined being her. And all sudden, the dude just starts smacking you in the head for real? And you don't know what to do. And you don't want to bail out of the scene. You're getting fucked up, though. He's fucking you up and she didn't stop. She just kept saying the lines and working with it. Fuck, dude. Jesus Christ. What do you say to somebody after that? Like, Hey, man, I'm sorry. But that's what the same call for.

You can't see now.

Peep. It sounds fucked up to say. But I think even just that recent a time. People did not understand that. If you're smacking people in the head like that. You're giving them fucking brain damage. Like you smack someone in the head like that. Like, you could seriously fuck them up. Like something could be wrong with them for a long time. Even if they don't go unconscious. Your mother was Maggie. No, no, my mom wasn't a hitter. Really? No, she wasn't a

very few people.

An uncle? No.

Very few people. Let's say maybe my grandmother cracked me once. But it was you know, just like get your shit together. Not like trying to hurt me. You know, so little smack. I didn't get beat as a kid. But I saw a lot of violence. I saw the scene violence when you're a kid. There's something about like seeing someone you're close to who's an adult been beating up like a 10 or 11 year old. You ever see that before?

When you see

you've seen a grown adult beaten the shit out of 10 or 11 year old when you're a little kid? Yes. That to me was that was like a defining moment when I was a little kid as a parent.

Or I only saw parents beat their children. Yeah, I saw someone beat somebody else's kid.

It was fucked up to watch man. When I lived on 205 West Eighth Street. We can't when I came from Cuba with a jersey for my dad died. We moved 89th Street. Then something happened at the building. We ended up moving at Eighth Street and I had a kid I had a beef with every day. And one day, I finally got my shit together in karate.

Like one day, my sidekick started working and that fucking right cross started working to learn how to use my fucking block and I finally had this kid his name was Rudy the Haitian he was the only Asian kid in the neighborhood. We lived on 88th Street. I fought them up this day and his father came down and held my arms

and he made Rudy punch me and I'll never forget that my lip was bleeding and he took me upstairs and he knocked on my mother's door.

My mother opened up the door and a half a fucking hangover and she goes, What's the problem? She goes chocolate cocoa, you know? And he goes, next time your son hits my son, I'm gonna hit him and I'm gonna come and hit you.

Wow. And my mom turned around and got a butcher knife and chased Rudy's foul up the stairs. The cops came, and the lady next door said she didn't see a knife.

But at that point, we were done in the building. That was one of the worst there when I moved to North Bergen.

I saw parents that

you don't like living here comedian go even why kids you wouldn't ask how they talk to their parents. I could never talk to him you know, right. That's the first thing I noticed. When I went to Jersey there was there was certain kids that would take the dish and go I don't want tuna fish sandwich. If I did that my house Joe Rogan Are you fucking kidding me? My mom would take the dish. Throw it against the wall and say now you're not fucking eat and go to bed like that type of shit. But I also saw a fucking parrot in the hallway one day that was standing the way you are with his arms crossed.

Talking to the teacher the way I'm talking to you and a kid standing right here with glasses.

And I'm walking towards him like you know, I went to the bathroom and like a hall pass.

And I'm talking talking talking and in the middle of it the father just going back and hitting them with a backhand kick goes down. Glasses broken bloods coming out of the nose. Oh, he's telling them to get the fuck up before I fucking kill you. You dumb mother. Fuck. Oh, you said that to him. You dumb fuck. I have seen that. Oh, that kid was the devil though. I knew that kid. Well, the reason why they can't get kills the devil probably because his dad beat him. Then there was another kid when I went to Catholic school. Guido father, gins out the whole fucking thing, bro.

He would come they're the nicest guy in the world. But the son was fucking crazy. And every time he got there, the nun would tell by what he did. And dog he would punch him.

The way

old guy was thrown punches and fucking steep a I sweat at my mother's grave right as he was crawling into the car. Like round pounded him 12 Jesus.

I got thrown out of that level of tech. So now are you looking at me saying Joey did they deserve it or whatever. Everybody. Every parent had a different. You know, I watched a couple of weeks ago I was stoned to the gills. And I was laughing about how people put people down and shit. And I was laughing about when Julius Erving first when the ABA shut down when the ABA first shut down if they were I don't know, Joe, but if there was eight categories, Julius Erving Irving's lead seven, right? And the ABA shut down and the Sixers picked up Julius Erving they gave him $6 million. Which can you imagine that? What would they give that guy? Yeah, but they get LeBron. LeBron has gotten about 30 or 40. But yeah, we Yeah, he got $6 million over two years is that was Julius and he was the biggest player in the world. And now this guy's getting 154 For three ism. Jesus. So Dr. Jay switches number from 32 to six. And now the NBA All Star game came so all the critics were like

he came on from the ABA. He's gonna get his ass kicked from the NBA. All Star game. What go look at those statistics. He went off. He went off because of a white dude named Pistol Pete Maravich. That is fine. He went to LSU and led the country in scoring a white dude ended up becoming a fucking Bouza that dude knew how to handle the ball because his father would beat him. His father would make him sleep in the garage in the winter and beat him until he learned how to play basketball because there was no losing in his fucking house. Do you understand me Joe Rogan There's no fucking losers. My fucking house, sleeping the garage, no data.

Pistol Pete knew how to dribble Jack. The Pistol Pete would take a deep pistol Pekinese. Anybody could cover the best black dude in the league and cover Pistol Pete But if you watch that NBA All Star game, Pistol Pete stop and chop and people give them behind the back passes to Julius Erving. He even looks at a do a one pass. He's looking at Bob McAdoo, I'm coming and honestly he just puts the ball between his legs. And he gives it to Julius Erving. Why? Because that kid's father stayed on.

There's different thoughts of some people can handle that some people yeah

So like some some guys have broken, but I mean, it's like how much pressure is too much pressure to create like a superstar like that? I didn't Tiger Woods didn't his dad put a lot of pressure on him as well. Let's talk about the guy that died last week. But that's a different thing I can tell well the tiger was Joe Jackson. What the fuck is different about that? He created three fucking kids that changed the font the one kid that changed the fucking world right? He beat me fuck them in the air suppose.

I don't only that sexual assault. gotta be really careful with the same things. I'm sorry. Listen This to me two things. Things come out. What are you gonna do? Everybody's getting the blame for something you know, I'm saying but this is something you really heard. I have I've heard sexual abuse allegations from his father but but I listen to what listen to what did He create? What did he do? What did Joe Jackson do by making them not let them fucking? And let me tell you something the one kid could have gone to a college to play basketball. The kids had talent as it was Gary Indiana. They were gonna carry in the No, it's like hell

fuck in Delaware. And then Gary, Indiana.

You know, saying like Gary's like, crazy. He made these kids rehearse. He pulled them out of Gary took them up to fucking Barry Gordy.

You know, you think about this shit. Some of them probably hated him for what he did. You look back at those lessons that you got your rope and how many people? Did you look at one day and go fuck you motherfucker. But then two years later, you look back and you look at the lesson you learned from the whole experience. And you actually have to go back and hug that person and go hey, man, thank you for that time. It made me better motherfucker today because we did.

made me a better person.

We're not going to agree with everything that happens along the way.

But it's made us who the fuck we are today. That's an interesting thing. Because we grew up in a time where kids were just allowed to run around outside. Everybody ran around outside. That was just normal. Right? When you were a little kid, you ran around outside. Nobody just runs around outside. I remember the first time I saw a grown lady hit. She hit my cousin. We were both around the same age. I was probably six and she was five. And this lady slipped on ice in front of her apartment building. And she got up. And my cousin just unfortunately happened to be standing right in front of her when she fell. And she got up and she said Don't you laugh at me and she smacked her in the face. She wasn't laughing matter either. Just she smashed her in the face man like it was She smacked her hard. And I was like, Oh my god. Was that. I mean, we were both little little kids. And watching some grown adults smash our cousin in the face. He like,

gotta realize that. Hey, you can you know you gotta be polite. There's some fucking people that will smack you in the face. And she didn't even do anything wrong.

There's some evil fuckers out there that will hit little kids.

That's a dark shit man.

Smacking little kids in the face. I ran. I swear to God I ran into probably when I first moved from Cuba to ADA street. There was a dude on the block that would smack little kids. And I'm telling you right now to my little daughter. There was words on the street that he would take him to his house will fucking Yes. Oh my goodness. This is

early 70s.

This was the early 70s which I turned into a joke later on. Because it would be like bro, have you seen Joe Rogan lately? I haven't seen them in a week. Sticky Charley go like, what decade Charles's name Mr. Martini Mr. Martinez the Martini guy.

Like when you first moved to ADA street. That's the first thing a kid to tell you. Like I was fighting this guy. Don't fuck him. Mr. Martini. Oh, Jesus. He's a monster and he wore a black suit with a white shirt and black shoes. His wife would die. And he owned the building on ADA Street in the middle.

And he was angry. And he would sweep and you know like when you were a kid and you stop in front of somebody's house. He would always come out and go get the fuck out of here. Little fucking douchebags. Get the fine. I was Cuban. I didn't understand the language. I didn't really understand what he was saying. I understood the anger. But I didn't understand the language and he would come up with a broom. Get the fuck out of here. One day I realized I might this motherfucker wants to rock. So while my other friends didn't want to fuck him, I'm like, we're gonna fuck with this motherfucker. So all Cubans have like one from the house. And it's something that your mother throws changing every day. Yeah, it's like good luck statue.

I would steal the change and bring it downstairs and I would look at the poor kids and I go come in if you want to call it and then we go yeah, we're going to call it and I would take a call and throw it. When Mr. Martini lived. He lived like in a basement area. He ran the whole but he'd be right there. And he chased us. We'd go Mr. Martini sir, my weenie fucking chases.

He chases

he caught you. He would fucking hit you like 50 times. But we fucked him up. We would fuck him up. Dawg. I saw some shit. The first day like New Jersey to me, was a completely that was like Mars to most people. Like most people listen to me and go you grew up someplace that doesn't exist. I bring eight people to fill these chairs to tell you about the parents and the people and the situations. But the first day I went out and my hometown of North Bergen. I saw me and Joe Rogan fight.

And even though I had Joe Rogan on his back, I saw Joe Rogan's father come down the stairs. Pull me off Joe Rogan smacked me. Punch me kick me throw me on the floor and make his kids going. That was my first experience ever North Bergen New Jersey. I saw a minute Mr. Robson come downstairs, he took Anthony off his son drop them off. smack them in the fucking face Joe Rogan at 20 After fucking noon in 90 degree he punched him in the stomach and told him to go home he little guinea fuck.

Go home. You little guinea fuck. Say that now they'll throw you in jail for two years. He don't go home. You little guinea fuck. And Anthony looked at him crying a little bit. He picked up his shirt. He went like this. Like he took the thing off. I think it was I'm calling my fucking father. You're fucking dead motherfucker. Call your fucking Guinea fucking greaseball Father God, I day. He's probably a grease ball just like you. And I'm sitting there going. I want to see how this plays out.

And next thing you know, two cop cars pull up. And it's one cop car that's unmarked and it's another one that's marked. And it's a big fucking Italian looking detective like, you know the short stumpy Italian. And he comes out of his car. He puts his fucking jacket on it barely fits. But till this day, I remember the models he had on his hand. And he goes What the fuck is going on here kids and that little tiny kid comes on. It was Miss difficut Mr. Rapson came down and he fucking smacked me in the face. These are my witnesses. Tell them then he fucking hit me and I'm sitting there going on this is gonna get fucking good.

And the next you know, the, the fucking cop. The detective tells the cop. Go look around, see if there's tickets, go spread tickets.

And he goes, where's this guy live? And he goes down. He goes, he grabbed all the other kids and he goes, tell me what happened. And he goes Anthony and Mo fighting. And he came down and he fucking pulled them and that this time they know that the cops are there. And Mr. Robson, I kind of opened his door to be kind of tough. Like he's not coming up here. He's gonna know I'm gonna fucking knock him up to and the cop goes Okay, okay, okay, and he grabbed the kid because you're okay, right? Yeah. Because he just hit me in the face and he fucking walked up the stairs bro. took him five minutes. Got to the top thing.

I open the fucking door. Joe Rogan this guy will put his hand then

pulled the

fuck and put him against the fucking thing on the second floor with everybody out and just started punching him. punching him punching him like fucking

John Jones when he's got you down. He's hitting with those shots to the head until the guy killed over the start kicking them with the fucking thing. Bam. Bam, bam. Go Don't you ever fucking hit my son again? Let's get out of here. Oh, that was how I became friends with the family. Because it was he came down he goes who's this kid? He goes he's this big kid. He's the only one that jumped in. He goes you want to come home for dinner? And that was the beginning of my life when I got that police car

because I did whatever I did whatever the fuck I want look at this till today. This is fucking crazy. And you know mean you don't fuck around? What do you got over there? This is still that's what happened in 1970 Fucking three and what's that today? That's a gold card. What does this card do? It does what it needed to do it does whatever I needed to do you know I'm saying you're a family member. Why? Because of that fucking date because I'm the only guy that jumped in.

I like how cops up things like that. A family member card you could get from one of your buddies is a cop show to get pulled over put this on your license plate. This little sneaky little thing so now what type of house I mean fucking pasta with

fresh mozzarella in the middle. Oh, I could open up the front door whenever I want. I call them my mom. She makes cream puffs. Oh wow, I'm tight with them. I'm the only Cuban in 1974 That's even walking in there.

So now we're in the sixth grade. And we're playing kickball. McKinley had no phone number two months ago. Ellen DeGeneres donated 50,000 to a grammar school was my grammar school in North Bergen New Jersey. But two months ago, yeah, I went to generous donated 50,000 Now when I went to that grammar school, I was my fuckers didn't have a gym Joe Rogan. You shovel snow they're going to be

shoveled snow shovel snow, when it's snowing out. You shovel snow. That was part of your physical education. Yeah, and you did push ups and sit ups and fucking that's like Russian ship bro. And they had

in the kitchen we didn't pull out Duggar. They were brutal. Finally, they built the gym in the eighth grade. Yeah, but before that, we played kickball outside in the fall when they will keep playing kickball never forget this guy's name was Mr. Tortora.

That was the teacher's name was he a good guy was a good physical gym teacher. And we're out there we're playing kickball on again, that little Italian kid. The one that invited me to his father beat up the fact that we're playing kickball and he's throwing the ball. And every time I swing and I miss, he's called me Go Go got him local. That means I'm a boogie face in Spanish, because it rhymes a CoCo right? And the teacher keeps going today. I told you 1000 times. None of that spec sheets allow.

This is the sixth grade. North Bergen New Jersey school teacher.

Mr. tutor was like, Hey, let's pick a roof shit over here. Right? This is America right? Really abroad. At that time. That was a big issue. Because a couple of weeks before that. A guy named totora was a baseball coach. And he threw a kid off speaking Spanish on the bus. He told me there's no Spanish on the bus and the kid goes fuck you. And he spoke Spanish and he drew him off like 20 miles from the house became a big problem in my hometown. That will kill the fucking dude. But I remember going home my mom going. He's talking the truth.

And now she speaks Spanish. This is America outside you speak America.

So my mom would cut me off right now. Like I went home like ready to fucking be like a protester. She was like that don't happen here. We're Americans. He wants to expand his talking house. I think there's a real benefit to being able to speak more than one language definitely is. Yeah, complete different mindset. I'm happy I do it. I speak to my daughter in Spanish. If I tell my ask mercy, something, I really ask her in Spanish. If

I read read tolerant spirit Nice. Yeah, they say that, things like that. They're learning new languages, in particular opens up parts of your brain. That if you're just a dummy, like me, that only speaks English. You can access different,

just different ways of looking at things. You know, well, it's very analytical. Let's say you wanted to be a lawyer, one of your pre whatever would be a language, right? You'd also have heavy math.

To be a lawyer. You have to have a very heavy math prereq Elam. Yeah, a lot of history. You probably ended up being a history major. But there'd be a lot of math while the Econ Why don't the analytics because it forces your mind to solve equations. So when if you look at the prerequisites, if you whatever the fuck that is, what's the prerequisite prerequisites to be an attorney. There's a lot of math involved. Interesting. There's got to be language involved. There's got to be politics involved like American political systems, American history systems, all that shit. But it's got to be heavy math. Once you get to law school it's heavy reading and but before that, it's a lot of problem solving. Yeah, that's the that's how you become a problem solver by fucking

whatever. Yeah, I agree with you. Whatever you just said

before I got locked up I was planning to be an attorney. So I was really a history major. Yeah, that's that that was the fucking plan. And then thank God, history podcasts. I love that the best I was thinking of going back to school No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's no reason just listen and refresh and then go on and read about it. While you're on tape to that you listen to the great but Hardcore History and of course graver listen to my boy Danieli Bolelli. hammerheart, Daniele Bolelli history on fire. His shit is fantastic.

He was telling me about this road to Rome. I've never forgot this image, where there was a

I think something like 150 miles of bodies

that were put on steaks. He sent it to me he just sent it to me a couple of days ago 150 miles of human bodies that they stuck

on these big poles and shoved them into the ground.

For my like every 30 yards they put a new person's body here it is 125 miles with one body crucified every 30 yards or so for a total of about 6000 people crucified on the road between KAPOOYA and Rome.

What the fuck no what what was the purpose? I would have to go back and listen to it again. I forgot so that's the Shadowman here ooh, that's it's intense. I want to start with I want to start from zero I'm gonna start with the Mongolians and this cause and wrath of the Khan Dan Carlin greatest podcast

world ever and then I want to move on to American history. Oh, he's kind of done. Oh one I need American history 101 Day one we're going back to roots

let's go from roots let's go to 1776 What happened there I need all that refreshed yeah all that stuff needs to be refreshed. Do Carlin guy has got some false stuff on World War One that's covered both wars. Let's cover both wars. Let's cover the third war Vietnam. And let's cover the fucking whatever the conflict all that shit. I was doing comics so who watches the news? I don't know who the fuck was watching the news in 1991 Not me. I didn't watch TV again to you know 2003 Or something like that. I didn't watch the fucking news and have a chance to be inclined politically or what the fuck was going on? I was just worried about doing stand up right

this silence brought to you by marijuana. I didn't know no I didn't know I thought he was looking for someone whatever. I'm ready to fucking go you know me. No, you are we got a great fucking card this week. We can fucking break down all your broken down with Brendan. I gotta tell you, man, I like I'm leaning and I love Dan cornmeal. He's a fucking champion and champions. He took a fucking couple bombs from Anthony Johnson bombs from Anthony Johnson. But Jesus Christ every time they put an obstacle in front of steep bear his way. He figures out a way to take it down. Yeah, he's hell bent on staying champion. He's a giant dude. Like Steve Vai is a big guy. And I know that Daniel has beaten every single heavyweight. He's fought he's undefeated as a heavyweight and including like throwing Josh Barnett around who's just a beast. But Steve Baeza is the most accomplished heavyweight champion of all time. That's just the fact he's he defended his title against the top contenders and did it successfully three times. Nobody else been able to do that. Okay. Holloway, Jesus Christ. Well, it's both fights with Jesus.

Day DC fight is a fascinating fascinating fight this season with phenomenal wrestler, and steep A is. I mean, he's as good as it gets. On the show Friday night. Yeah, we're doing me and Ian are doing the Mirage. Okay, beautiful. Yeah. Should be fun. Nice. Yeah, you ready for it? Yeah, man. I'm excited. I'm excited for this card. It should be should be very interesting. What's going on with you in the running lately? You're really digging it? Yeah, I'm digging it. But I have a little bit of a tear in my meniscus. Are you thinking of if you fix the meniscus, I'm doing something with running. Like running. What you buddy? Does those marathons? Oh, no. Have you considered something like that? I'm really, man. I'm not I don't, I'm not into doing something that I know is hard to do. And it's definitely not good for your body.

I just think you get beat up doing that shit, Tom, I'll just take your friend I mean, as good as a different kind of human. Well, he believes that in some way. Take them to recover from something like that. Well, that's an interesting thing. You just good, good time for that question. Because he just ran a race today. He ran like a six mile race. And he was saying that his legs are not fully recovered. Who said in the post that, you know, his cardio was really good. But you got to figure you run for 24 hours. I mean, he ran for 24 hours just a month ago, right? Was it a month ago? Not even a month ago, three weeks ago? Something like that.

That shit takes time. And he's 50 You know, when you're 50 years old? It's not as

the recovery is very tough. Yeah, he's an animal, but he lives to push himself like that. I'm more inclined to try to preserve my body. I like pushing myself but I'm just a chicken shit. I don't want to be I don't want to be breaking hair.

hips and knees and shit. Our brother just had shoulder surgery, Eddie Bravo. And he just got the stitches out. This is his second surgery that he's had just this year. You know, he had, he had knee surgery real recently, like, a few months ago, right? Didn't have his meniscus done a few months ago, this generation of jujitsu guys is learning a lot. And they're learning. What they're going to pass on to the next generation is that it's great to roll in the leg locks are great. And all that is great. But there's another aspect to this decision was called Yoga and keeping your muscles strong. Yeah. And the conditioning has to be good. And you're, you know, it's all

yeah, there's just take care of yourself. These guys didn't know you didn't know. No, no. Well, it took them a while to learn. But yeah, the reality of jujitsu is it's a thing that as you get older, you have to be much more careful who you train with, and how you train. You can't just go balls to the wall, like you could when you were 27, you'd have to keep your shit together. And you know, injuries are real, you can't just work through them. Like that was a big fallacy people would get hurt and they would try to roll light and nobody ever rolls light. Then we say they're gonna roll light and then the guy almost gets you in the you're trying to get him next thing you know, you're defending and it's a fucking serious heated up roll session, which is great. But then you're like, ah, like your next all fucked up and your next guy, I'm just gonna lay on my back and work my half guard. Bullshit. As soon as it starts getting hot and heavy almost got caught in an armbar then you try to pop up and then try to pass his guard. Then you get into it. You know, it's a it's a thing that's too exciting. You know, in jujitsu. And when I say like, rolling hard. I don't mean like

not even very high level. No, no, no. Listen, me passing your guard and laying on you. That's not a fun that's a tough morning. Even though I'm giving you love on top, Joe, can you breathe? Yeah, yeah, I'm good. Joe. I'm letting you just not like to get

I'll give you tons of love. What I love it. Yeah. addicted to it. It's trying to I am. You know, I had to attack it from a different foundation. I was attacking it from looking at Jamie and going. I got to do with Jamie does and not realizing I got Jamie by 25 years and I can't do what Jamie does. So my game has to be completely different to Jamie's Mondays when I come into class. It's more about

the drilling and less about the rolling. And I'll do an hour conditioning class with Brett. We do everything we do the ball, the things, the ropes, I do everything. And I'll do that jujitsu class, but I'll do the drills on a roll once or twice and Papa's got to go Thursday. I go balls to the wall on the rolling which means three or four rolls. That's awesome. Then I tried to take Friday off and sat out didn't we time conditioning I'm done for the week. Joey Diaz getting fit? You got to do it. I got this five year old number two I've watched I watched your thing and I really do it I go to fucking cryotherapy and I put my head in there. I go to US cryotherapy I'm a novice door guy to that bed is making me feel fucking phenomenal. What is it? I'm getting tremendous hot on what is it the Nova thought but the bed that you lay on and cleans out your cells is shit like that was a do it does everything look it up. You understand me? Plus I get in that freezer. For three minutes and 30 seconds I put Madonna on burnin. I feel love. I went to gay pride. I forgot all about the gate the first thing thinner, fitter, healthier, happier. What is it tremendous just as the Dude they're gonna talk it's in the getting into a pod. And next thing you know, you're gonna be locked into the into the matrix what so what is this treatment? No negative side effects. Clients who supply supplied with safety goggles, and then relax into Novo Thor treatment prod for eight to 15 minutes of whole body restored of light treatment. The treatment

may be repeated two or more times a week.

What is it doing? Satsang? What? What like what is to get the fucking look into

will

tell me why I should get in your light box. It's a whole body delivery system of PBM therapy that has been designed to deliver optimal wavelengths power. What does that word densities and dosage is based on the published clinical research outcomes. Hmm, I can't read for me it works the whole body just six to 15 minutes the intended use of Nova Thor or to redevelop muscles or restore motion to joints or for use as an adjunct adjunct therapy for obesity. Hmm, that seems like it does a lot of shit. I don't know. Is that real? I'm trying to hang on. Is that real? Jamie? Do I look okay, you look good. All right. Good.

suck suck a Ufa. You're moving good. Like you're losing weight. Yeah, but you have to do something. Yeah. All that training you're doing if you're doing that much train, that's crazy. That's really awesome. I really love it. That's beautiful. I tried to do one strength training at the house on its style with club bow. If you want to come here, man, well, I'll work you out. We'll work out together shoes. I was thinking about calling you and coming to you give me a kickboxing lesson for sure. And you know what else we could do? We could do like a circuit circuitry, because I have that Echo airbike Echo bike, I've never done that's phenomenal. So we could do rose, the echo bike and I got a Versa climber and I like to do them in a do those Tabata sequences. So it's like you, you go hard for 20 seconds, and then you rest for 10 seconds, and then you go hard for 20 seconds, and the rest are tight. And you do like eight rounds of those. It's fucking intense. And then you jump on over to the row machine, the row machines. There's another one, the similar number, it's like 3030, hard 30 off something like that. And then you go to the Versaclimber. And you plug in some turn 50 Yeah, yeah. You know, I'm almost 50 want to be 51 in August in August. It's it's really interesting what I've learned. And when I read about 50, I saw a picture Carol O'Connor.

By the year ago when he was 46 years old, he was doing Archie.

What is

Jesus 46? Well go to that picture, Archie by now was stopped or when he started. It was a picture of him at 46. And I was like, there has to be a better way. Let me see. I saw Holy shit. You know, this is what America that is crazy. What did you look like at 46 and 47. And you were like, look at that dude. He looked like well, maybe that was like in the later years.

This is a funny thing, right? The lovable racist.

He was like the last of like, a representative a real guy that might have had racist views that were kind of funny. And he was a some way endearing. Because he was like, such a good actor. And it was such a good character is so well written. And his relationship with his wife and his kids and with meathead.

I mean, the whole thing was, it was a brilliant show. Well, it's such a well crafted show. Sammy Davis kissed him on the lips.

When fucking found the Puerto Ricans do wallet.

Puerto Rican guy comes over there talking. And he looks at his wife from Puerto Rico. He goes Alice, don't just stand on from something. And she goes, I don't know what he likes. And he goes, I don't know what Puerto Ricans drink. And he looks at him the guy smile and I'm like, he looks on like, Puerto Ricans drinking. I don't know. How about some pineapple juice. You know, saying the guy looks at you get thrown off the air today. Yeah, but it was. It wasn't hateful racism. It was

Queens racism? Well, first of all, pineapple juice is delicious. And why is it racist? That a dude from an island would want some pineapple juice? I would think that would you be like culturally sensitive to like, introduce that possibility?

That you're you have a tradition of drinking.

If I said to you listen, I'm leaving him going to China to have like a fireworks. If somebody heard me said to you right now, tomorrow, we'd get fucking Yeah, we would have a problem. I would have a problem. Yeah, well, everybody knows that. 20 years ago right now I'd be heading to Chinatown in New York City getting fucking amount of fireworks 144 bottle rockets. A couple Roman candles. You know what's the most stupid man is that the food is somehow racist.

Like there's there's food. That's racist food. Like if you talked about black people and also talked about delicious fried chicken, or delicious orange soda or grape soda would be grape soda, right? Not orange soda, or sodas. White people? Yeah, orange soda is a white people thing, right? White trash, orange soda. No.

Not that I'm anti orange soda. But I'm saying like those foods like watermelon. In particular, if you talk about a black person in talking about watermelon, that's a racist term, even though watermelons delicious. It's fucking weird. Like, what the hell could be wrong about watermelon? If you don't like the taste of watermelon, if it's a hot summer day, and somebody busts open a cooler and gives you a slice of watermelon. How fucking pumped Are you? How could watermelon ever be negative? That don't make any sense to me? It makes zero sense. And the only way it makes sense that fried chicken can be negative to you is if you're a vegan or a vegetarian and you don't want to eat a chicken. That's the only way it makes sense that that would be a negative because

is otherwise like fried chicken. It's fucking delicious. Who doesn't like fried chicken? If you eat meat? Fried Chicken is something you smell it you all someone's really good at making it and they got a nice flaky layer on the outside you bite into that juicy perfectly cooked chicken leaves fried chicken and Tennessee Jesus Joseph.

Marlon, Tennessee, a little Lee's fried chicken Jesus Christ. There's places that know how to do some fries. My God, how could that be bad? How could that ever be racist? i That doesn't make any sense.

We gotta let that go. I'm gonna tell you a racist joke but not really like Saturday I went to a park with my daughter. I'm sitting there and I saw a Hasidic Jew on Sunday with the beanie and his wife with glasses. I was in Sherman Oaks and he had a $10 bill sticking out of his pocket.

And I wanted to work my fucking pickpocketing skills. I want to see if I can still pickpocket a motherfucker. I even have my daughter bumping into his leg. We can pick pocket a Jew dog you can't do it.

You know when I was a kid, that was my first fucking dream. to pickpocket and watch the movie with our boy that and Michael Saracen the the first pickpocket movie is called Harry in your pocket with a boy in your Flint. In like Flint, James Coburn James Coburn was in a pickpocket

nobody knows about it's like the America's greatest secret and they would work airports and shit like that Harry Potter pocket so I hunted down. My mom I used to hear them talking about this Cuban pickpocket guy and Cuban the 50s. Oh, yeah, tremendous. What didn't you do with him? You did something with him, right? Yeah, I did two things with him. I did American gun with him. And I did. Arliss with him. All this is up. You can find this online. Somebody just posted a while ago I forgot about Arliss that's one of those shows that I forgot about. But I watched him and I asked this guy out he become a pickpocket. I bumped into him at a Cuban joint. There was a rumor going around that he was a good cube of pickpocketing cube and he goes you gotta get a dummy and put bells on the pockets.

So I went and I don't know how I got a little dummy. They put bells on fucking me as I tried to be a pickpocket, but I have bigger hands.

Yeah, you gotta have those slender fingers out of slender fingers slender. I'll play our finger little pals on fucking pockets and you bump into him and I'm very Lightfoot that I am I was a good burger. Because I can tip toe. I'm saying like that's from my ears a tip tone on the dummy to try to take the wallet from the dummy. I can just never fucking dummy. It's great that you're doing so many different things though. It's really cool to hear your roll in you're doing some boy tie and the rolling has really improved because at first you can't roll I dropped a weight because I figured very five pounds it'd be a little bit more cardio plus I got the boss Rutan mouthpiece. I spoke to him yesterday. Again. He liked that thing. Hmm. I really believe in it.

While you're working out or I will use it when I walk you walk in when I walk I take a walk in the morning. 2030 minutes explain to people what it is the boss Rutan mouthpieces on Amazon. That's his webpage. I saw it because he was on Joe. Talking about it. I was having such a struggle with my breathing. I was having such a struggle. But it was just common sense. Number one I smoked cigarettes for 20 years number two I smoked reefer for 40 years but all those are just excuses. The number one thing was the weight.

Every fucking I then said is some smart guys that handsome bastard look. Yeah, he's such a handsome mother fuck handsome. He's a great guy, too. He's one of the best people I know. Some guys say to me, the great guy. A great brown belt told me that whenever he rolls, he could feel the difference when he's 10 pounds heavy. Oh, yeah, for sure was Oh, joy. Whenever I go to my mother's and I come back that first week. It's brewing like Oh, really? And I go so if I'm walking around, it's 309 Trying to be fucking Eddie. It's not gonna work.

So I just started shopping on the way that went back to Weight Watchers. I walked in there three times. We have a bunch of different rules now like what you can eat what you can't eat. I'm gonna tell you some you can eat as many eggs as you want you in the face and tell you some things and we'll look in the face and tell you so there's you know, you and I always have this conversation.

If you're heavy, and you don't go away watch is because you're a fucking loser. Whoa.

That's a it's that it's that easy. It's that easy.

Enjoy it. I'm a fucking idiot and hip hop, hip hop. Come on.

That's my guy. Okay, that's my guy. So So you put everything you eat into this app to the App. Oh, no. Okay. Let me show you what I was. Dinner. Snacks total. And then you you count it out by points. Is that what they told us? They they do it themselves. Now how many points you get in a day? 39. Now let's say Joey Would you eat that? Give me that kind of coffee.

Right they're gonna give me that one problem. You don't want me

think, okay, we don't know. So you scan that, and then it'll tell you how many. I don't think that has many calories. Does coffee, plain coffee of calories? Not really.

Maybe a couple but now when you get the fucking milkshake coffees for breakfast and tea and the fucking flat white, even a flat white don't kill you. Alright, this isn't in that. It's not in that you go like this boom. And then you got this Joe Rogan, you're ready, you press this over here, and you press this here, and you press this here, and they give you points for whatever you do. Walk circuit training, then you have custom. So I press Brazilian Jujitsu, let's play you go to an hour class, how much do you really fuck and roll 15 minutes.

If you want on our class, you don't technique he teaches you how to do the drill. And he tells you a joke. So you press and 15 done. And then you press the intensity. When you breed like an atom, I just bet seven points. You leave this in your phone in your pocket. You put this in your pocket, and fucking guess what happens it counts the steps. When I went to Disneyland, they burned 31 Fucking points. So it's all the executive for breakfast. So for breakfast, I go to Johns and I got to see that row. Even if I give myself four fucking points for the row five points for the row six points for a row. I put two eggs in that motherfucker, which is 14 grams of protein. And I put a thin slice of humans boys had American cheese and some Frank's hot sauce on that motherfucker haga document.

So you essentially can eat anything you want. As long as you know what the points are, I get a certain amount of points, fish. I cannot fish you for days. So I'll leave here and go to fucking sushi Dan, and I get the crunchy albacore, which is I can't wait for Rogen to visit me. It's sliced albacore covered with jalapenos

on Yunnan garlic cloves if possible. Let me ask you this. Is it possible that you could eat just all eggs all day and have zero points zero point really eggs all day?

All day that sounds crazy fish all day sea bass. You can eat salmon and sea bass all day. Chicken breasts, no skin, no skin all motherfucking day.

All day chicken breast not chicken call. It's like mom Mae with Italian bread crumbs. None other than that's fried. Grilled chicken on the breast wood, wood, red crushed peppers and a baked potato. Five points for the baked potato. Ooh. So you want to tell me again? How I listen. It's not a journey. It's not a fucking race. See before it's totally healthy to lose like a pound a pound and a half a week? Is that what it is? That's what they say anything after that. You're going into that loser show where they lost all that weight at one shot. And then that's why all these diets and stuff that you have to do or something that you're going to do forever. I've always liked this. I lost 100 pounds with this. Yeah. And then I gained 40 And now I lost another 30

that's all and it hasn't been killing me like I don't miss nothing. You don't want I learned I didn't know this. I will go get an outside he bought

American things that I saw he bought was great. Let me explain something to you. eating a banana. And putting a banana blend is two different things. I did not know that. One day I was making one of those because I switch I have on it protein which I use the vanilla or the chocolate, Mexican chocolate. And then I have this other one that's upper layer type protein. It's coconut

milk. And I put I use that one and one there. So let me put my hand in this motherfucker just to see and I'm like damn this delicious. I'm onto some. I gained the weight that week. I didn't know what it was. I'm the banana. When you blend the banana, it's eight points. But when you eat a banana, it's got but it's zero. Because when you eat through and when you drink fruit it's two different things. That's why we're all these fat people when you see him going I don't eat breakfast I drink a smoothie. You are killing yourself. You are killing yourself every time you puree fruit because when you eat fruit the sativa this attack the saliva saliva so God forbid the saliva in your mouth breaks the fruit down and the digested the sugar a different way. When you bypass that enzyme in your mouth. That's when you get 300 pounds like Uncle Joey right so when you drink fruit I don't care if they Oh it's frozen fruit you lose some of the sugar that's bullshit once you fucking blend that fruit you dead because it goes right into your system it goes on all the fiber and

you're not supposed to learn that shit any other way other than the way that comes when you eat it you could go to that fucking little Mexican stand with the umbrellas. You ever see those guys the cartel delivery? Yeah, that's where the cartel drops out that money. Shake him down. I got 300,000 under that

Hey, guys cutting fruit with a machete. GREG I daily go up when you see a cartel umbrella that's a cartel money that they got tons of money in those things. They just confuse people. They even got them across the street from one another.

Well, that's Starbucks Don't you think that just poor people and trying to make some money not really yummy apples you got to sell the fucking pay rent and this takes days and times. Nobody stands out there look at those Mexicans don't even use SPF. They're out there raw with no fucking umbrella out there. They look darker than dark. They get dark. You know, but you got to pay me to stand out there all fucking day in this weather a lot. They get like 200 a day. 300 a day, not because they're cutting apples up. Because a guy comes from a poncho and takes what's underneath them and takes it straight to Mexico on Thursdays nobody sees nothing.

That every time you eat that fruit it's sprinkled with cocaine eat some of that fruit. Well now what's the energy you get like that box or ROI for you? They just be poor farmers.

Because that's how nice people like you think for me, I'm a criminal. I see people for what it is. I see things for what it is. I'm trying to sell a lead or rehab because are you I got a friend that's got to rehab you got down there Lee Why try and sell lead sell send lead to him because I can make money. There's a rehab. There's a bunch of rehabs in Florida you go to and they get your insurance and they bang your insurance for 60 and then they give you a cut back and 30 I totally let me send you down into my buddies give me 10% I get three grand. You got that and they get acupuncture they give you a few massages, or do you give Him for

the rehab.

Imagine who Lisa would be in terms of his marijuana consumption. Imagine where he would be if it wasn't for you. Like there's that guy. When you first started having him on your show when you guys first started doing your pot maybe three times in college a couple months in he's done superhero doses of edibles, couple months. I mean like little by little little by little when you would sneak them in on him. And you would take away a 250 and put it a 500 What I would do is wrap it I get

this the Joey Diaz

co star in the church what's happening now is completely asleep at the wheel. He's on the show and his eyes are almost totally closed is barely a slip. He's just dazed. Who's the guest? Who is that? It's right in Bosnia. A kid that I told on this podcast.

Yeah, he can't take him though.

Hi, what is the name of this video Jamie Lee and out of space Elisa in outer space.

Look at him go. He's got I would get these. Okay, I would go in the afternoons. And I would get a 180. And I would rip the cover off the 180. And I would take a 6760 milligram woman I need that one. It was like two in the afternoon. Don't do nothing to me, at least like a 60. And I take the 180 and put it in the 60 wrapper. Oh no. And then I bring it to him put it on the table and in front of my go here and I'd open it up for him. And he wouldn't see it. It was half open already.

And I would give him the 60 but it was last night I gave him an expired one add a little bit of mold on it

he's gonna be a good comment abroad, he is going to be a good

look at Eleanor. I will have sat there for 15 years, shut her mouth and watched.

There's a really special gift to that. Yeah. What do you think I'm almost funny and that whether you agree with her that I give her the balls, a lot of people don't like just sitting there and watching. There's a lot of people that do though, you know, there's a lot of people that work in and around comedy clubs that probably want to do it. They just don't know how to get started. You know, they just don't have it in them to get the ball rolling. It's hard. It's hard to hard to try something new to keep thinking about when's the right time to do it. Is it now maybe shall wait a week? You know, you know what, I want to lose 10 pounds and then I'm gonna try it. And you get all these things in your head. How long did it take you? Seriously Honest, honest, honest Asian. Well, my birthday was August 11. And when I turned 21 was August 11 of 2019 88 rather. So I got on stage August 27. So from my birthday to when I got on stage just a few days. It was just those nerves. Terrified. Okay, fine. I was trying to check it out. Jonathan Katz was the emcee. And I was maybe going to get up. It was one of those things where I signed up for the list you get I think it was five minutes and there's a bunch of people that are going to do five minutes, and Jonathan Katz was already established stand up comedian

he'd really funny guy, and he was the host. And he's like, he came up to me. He said, Let me check in half an hour in to see if I can get young. Sometimes people wouldn't show up. And so a half an hour in. I'm thinking, I'm just gonna check it out. I'm just gonna bail. I'm just gonna tell him forget about it. And when I'm thinking this in my head, I walked up to him and he says, I got you and Joe. So you'll be going up right here. And you'll have five minutes. Good luck. And I said to her, thank Thanks, man. Okay, so I was ready to pull the out. Dude, I was totally ready to pull it out. And I was so nervous. The first time I went on stage I was fucking terrified I couldn't believe was name of the place stitches stitches Comedy Club. August 27 1988. I was terrified dude. Terrified. I couldn't believe I was scared. I didn't. It didn't make any sense to me. I didn't think I was going to be scared. I thought maybe I'd be like a little nervous, like I had never performed before. So this idea of doing and I was like, Well, you know, I've taught taekwondo classes in front of people before I can talk in front of people. And then I thought about the idea of like, don't stand up in front of people's like, oh, fuck, this go down. It took me crazy. It took me a year to think about it and then it snowed and I couldn't go to work because we can't roof Colorado, right so I read through the punch line.

Ah with Tom Hanks and Sally Fields. Angel Salazar Damon Wayans

bye bunch of people in that movie. I watched punch line. And that pissed me the fuck off.

I that was it. I went in the Yellow Pages. I found comedy clubs I call them and comedy works offered a Tuesday night open mic. How do I get on? You have to call in and they'll give you three minutes. Okay. So for two months, I called in nothing. And then one night though, like Joe Diaz.

And I call them back that night.

I got sick. I got the flu. I was like, I'm not going wow. And then I was Roofing roofing. I'm roofing I'm roofing I'm estimating jobs. I'm going to different jobs dropping off material I like to cruise working. And I went to one crew and they go hey, man, we're stuck in this job. Can you get us the morning break?

And I go yeah, go over that. I went over to this little diner right off the fucking 30 Whatever that i 7070 i 25 Which one? But when in Denver? It was like our industrial area trucks everywhere. I don't remember the number that wrote We were doing a road there and I but there was a place around the corner Jamie

had the best fucking green show you out of your fucking life and when you pour them over fucking scrambled eggs your dick would get fucking fucked. Well to to a tee is Are you kidding me that you don't those fucking two way most ranchera I walk over there I sit down. And you know there's always a paper in front of you ever go to a diner or something? There's always a paper somebody read right? And I sit down I get the waitress do it. I'm sitting and I look over and I went like this just on a you know, you just go like that to the middle and want to help with it said do you want to be a stand up comic? Whoa.

And it was an article by Roseanne became a stand up comic and now because of Denver. She had just blown up like Roseanne had just blown up. It was

maybe March of 91

Roseanne had just blown up Denver was a hotbed Jack everybody was drinking the water. Herbie was wanting to see what Roseanne was doing. So it had a big thing about Roseanne and it had all these open mic spots and it had classes that you could take and there was a class in bold for $33.03 Sundays in a row

at the University of Colorado part of the continuing education the guy that taught it his name was Jeff harms

and I went the first Sunday that okay went the second Sunday that okay and the third Sunday I performed on the way out he took me aside and he goes oh no I'm serious you about this but you're on

if you want to do it let me know and I left there going I want to sell coke

fucking crack

crack fucking jokes on the way that'd be a pickpocket and the magician and fucking come up with Burgess shit. I swear to God like, Are you fucking crazy? I'm gonna sell me a comedian. And then about a month later I saw an ad in the paper for doorman for comedy clubs.

And I called it up and they said come up. On the way there I called Jeff. He gave me his number because he's on stage is calling me I put shops.

I go there's a job for a doorman with

sent. Do you think I got it and he goes, I'll call the guy right now you got it. Just drive there, fill out the app and Tommy finds me. It made me a doorman slash

sound guy. Oh, and barback quit. So I was the door guy, sound guy in the bar back.

And after about six months, I had two jobs. I hated going home, I had a marriage that was just fucking, just like the one that we all talk about. When you cannot go home, it's not your home anymore.

I would basically leave at six, come home at five, take a shower, eat whatever fucking crap she cooked. Give the baby a kiss, and I get in my truck and go back to Westminster. It was a club away from the comedy worse, it was in Westminster. But it wasn't it didn't get the best people in the world. You know, exactly Toothless people in there. And people shall poach bears and shit like that. So I started there. And then in the middle of all that, it took me two months to get a spot from Wendy.

And then I went down there and Nikhil Sami, one of the original holders of the economy, stone, Wendy went to comedy, comedy work comedy works in Denver. He was one of the original owners when the ad Nichols show me Dominic keep coming back.

But I knew when I walked off that stage, that life as I knew it as ad ended, how so? Whatever I thought life was at that point, had gone out the window like,

Saturday was fucked up for me, because Saturday, I was supposed to be somewhere this week, but I couldn't go. I had to go to my friend's mother's 80th birthday party. And why was important. It was in Philly. It was away from Philly. She's in an old folks home because they're the second family. That took me in when my mom died. Like they took me in a crucial spot, Joe, like you're throwing me out. I'm 17. And I know where to go. I couldn't go to my stepfather. So I had an aunt in New York and I can live with and I had a godmother in Harlem. And I didn't want to live with both.

Like I wasn't mad I just mentioned to a friend one day we were out snorting coke and drinking. And I told him I go where I'm standing. I throw me out of the Dana.

And he wasn't even good friends with me. And about a week later, I saw him in school. And he goes, Hey, man, I talked to my father, you could move in with us. That was his birthday. It was on Saturday, you know? So

when I got off the phone with her, I was thinking about how important they were to me, but I still remember being 17 and sitting on that hill on 86 and county Boulevard. Thinking about how I had nowhere to go.

I this was my only shot. Like I had nowhere to go.

Like nowhere there wasn't like a homeless shelter. I didn't know where to fuck to go. I probably had $10 in my pocket. And then the younger brother ran up down he goes dog. There wait for you to come to eat the dinner. I'm older. I never met the parents.

How lucky am I generally I never met the parents. That's pretty lucky. And I walked in and they had like six kids. And there wasn't like what I was used to living in. They had no air conditioning. The parents were blue collar. And they took me in they made me a part of their home. Never asked me for rent wasn't the fucking best house in the block. But till this day, I'm tight with all the four brothers and sisters like we're like we're all one big family. But think how fucking lucky like I'm not even talking about being thankful for the comedy bridge just a personal bridge.

Like I was a killer in in Fort and at that point I had lost all faith in

humanity. Like I was done. Like I wasn't a Catholic no more. I was just waiting to kill somebody. That's it. That's all I was waiting. It's such a weird like I'm not even worried about the county bridge no more it was the personal bridge where I grew the most you know, I don't even know how we got on this conversation this week. It's killing me it's good weed.

They're gonna kill the good weed now Right? Is that what's happening? How does this work? What how does it no no, no, no, I still got some nice yeah, I'm sure you do legally but legally or it'll still be available for medicinal people who have so we got to get a card yeah recreational it's going to be renewed that card son. I got it. I gotta redo that card. I don't want any of your bullshit weed. I don't worry you're fucking watered down weed. What are they gonna do? They gotta water it down. How much 18% Something like that But never fear but here's the thing. isn't that strong? Joe is here look

we got to do a 120 Wow, you think you're dealing with joy bananas we got state federal. We got them coming from all over you I'm saying

damn, Da fuck yeah, just in case you just in case just in case we run amok and Tom Cruise and American men Yeah.

I was looking up the medicinal rules in Ohio recently. You can't grow your own there. If you have a card. Yeah, they're sneaky with that shit, right? Yeah. Hopefully people eventually vote that out. But you had to get it in there first. That's the only way it would have passed. They have everything wired up. But it's a it's a victory because it's going to be very difficult to make it illegal. Now that it's legal, it's gonna be very difficult to go backwards. So then you have to figure out like, why do these companies have a monopoly on making it? If it's legal? Why can't you make it yourself? Aren't tomatoes legal? I can grow tomatoes. Can I? You can even probably grow like, Do you need a tax stamp or something to grow tobacco? How does that work? Maybe to sell it?

Like if you wanted to grow your own tobacco? Would you be able to do that? Like if you said I want to make my own fucking pipes? And, you know, fill them with my own tobacco? I want to make my own cigars. Could you do that?

So possible for personal use? That's crazy. So if you could do that federally, and then they're saying you can't?

In Ohio, you can't grow your own weed.

That's so stupid. That's so dumb. I had to let

you even know what you're doing now. You're like me? I don't know. I don't I don't know dick about it. I wouldn't do it. But you should be able to. If it's legal Of course, you should be able to grow it. That's It's a fucking plant.

Bro, it where can you not grow in Ohio? If you have a car? Here's the worry. The worry is that you wouldn't charge taxes, you would keep the money. You wouldn't be accurate. You just do with cash. You do cash transactions. That's the worry. But that would be a tax worry more than that. Right? Is that what it is that we're the same tobacco to Yeah, you can grow as much as you want. You just can't sell it. Okay. But you did not even allowed to grow their own for personal use when it comes to marijuana. So it's more restrictive than tobacco, which is Hi larious. Silly Fox. That's so dumb. Does that make any sense to you?

We have some wacky laws that we let sneak through. Like why would you let other people decide that different people in this group can't grow a plant? That's legal now. Get the fuck out of here. That's dumb. That's a dumb rule. They can't sell edibles over 100 No Weed that's loose anymore. So if I come into your store and I go what do you got? You can open up the container and show me the button. Let me smell it.

They all have to be sealed and stuff. There's just a lot of silly rules. I don't know which ones they don't. I'm very happy I found this bag of expired fucking GMO choose from 2015 From

listen, you know me I make it work. Are they diminished in any way? No, no, no couple of them had a little bit of mold on them. You just take the mold off. I put a little brown nail polish on it. Nobody knows about that.

Like nothing who gives a fuck a little mold never killed nobody motel people. Yeah, pass on came from some mold in it. Something like that. It's so crazy how you see it. What you kids.

You see what your kids I took my kid to science camp. And when I came from Cuba have a lot of problems medically here. When I came to this country, and one of them was the allergies. The allergies were completely different. And when I was using a different country, they're fucking mind boggling. So my allergies if you ever hear me make that noise. Ever hear me do that. That's because I don't I can't scratch the back of my throat like normal people.

Normal people do that noise.

So you all sealed up there. Yeah, the first week of camp I saw my daughter do shit and I felt so bad for she would try to scratch her nose and I would see her get frustrated Joe Rogan just scratching and scratching and scratching. And now it's gone.

Three weeks into summer camps. You don't scratch. How come? Because you build up your immune system.

It's so weird how you see it in front of you now. You see it? I see I saw it in front of me. Like I went right to my wife and they let me tell you something, you got to take it to the fucking doctor and get a fucking tonsils out because that's the shit that started with me at that age. When I came from Cuba right away, I was in the hospital on a weekly level dog weekly, between the tonsils and the fucking allergies and asthma and the asthma. But my mother didn't pay attention to the asthma. That's why I don't have it today. Like I might have bits and pieces, but I don't have him versus got it.

My daughter's got it. They got to do the fucking inhaler. And the whole thing was fucking rough. It's rough. That's rough. I've seen people have asthma attacks and you can hear the wheezing and you have no fucking idea. So I have to work from a different angle. What can what can they do? Like if someone doesn't have an inhaler? And they have an asthma attack? Is there a strategy or a technique? friend's mother died at a fucking party? Oh no. Yes.

Oh you have to attack Yeah. Oh my god it's having a party right now. Oh, I'm having a great time I got an asthma attack

and then inhaler opens up your your lungs children's work, my wife has the machine. We use the machine the machine that blow some powder in it with a thing and then there's a regular machine that my wife has and then she has the inhaler.

You know, my wife and her doctor been working on different things she's healthy. The kids healthy as fuck she runs she swims jitsu this that ballet you know, it's four days a week. We don't stop at that fucking house. You know, you just use it. Yeah. You know, people I love these people.

Let's meet at 330 tell you mother's ministry 3330s And my day really starts. As I'm saying. I'm writing jokes. I am not because I want that because that's what I got. Yeah, that's what I got. That's what I got. Because I got this that this that. And that three o'clock from Monday to fucking Friday. This different activity. Sometimes you do three at a time, bro. We go right from jujitsu right to the pool when she jumps in. You think we could do an hour when you get to and then go to pause for 45 minutes? Fuck you, Jack. Yeah, you gotta say it's unbelievable people like Nah, let's meet fuck you. I got by way I got 1000 Fucking activities during the week, kids a little energy machine and if you don't burn that energy, then you deal with it from seven to nine when you're fucking trying to do your own shit to try to get it together. They're just constant don't go there ready to go? A couple of weeks ago, she took it to the fucking zoo six hour walk around LA Zoo. I got home at four. He's like, what's the story we're going to the park I looked at my wife like Park to get to the park to I was on the monkey bars. And then another hour the fucking yogurt place jumping up and down to music and Michael Jackson and fucking joy and fun fact it

really is crazy being a fucking that especially because they don't know, I kidnaps him by like she's, she has no idea. She has no idea. I'm a savage. So she thinks I'm on the up and up. Like when we go to church. She's like, Daddy, look at Jesus. Well, nothing turns people more on the up and up and being a father. It really does. And it changes who you are, you're responsible for these people now. And you just do you have to think of things differently. You have to make sure that you provide, you have to make sure that they're taking care of you gotta give them love. It's like, cool, it's an intense world and you feel more vulnerable. And it's just the whole the whole the world around you opens up. And you also have more empathy. I have way more empathy for people. Now, because I'm becoming, you know, as you're

raising children, you're seeing how they develop. And then you're considering how other people have been mistreated, and how things have gone terribly wrong. They've been abused and beaten and fucked up and left in terrible situations. And you realize that so much of what happens with people with even terrible behavior comes from other terrible behavior that they didn't get a chance to stop the cycle. And there are a lot of people that we consider like really bad people, violent people, people that do terrible things, that we don't even realize that so many of them are product of violence, like they're a product of someone doing it to them like they've they've almost they're trying to get back at the world for all the horrible shit that's been done to them. And there was no one there to put a stop to it. There was no one there to save them. There was no one there to protect them. And this is what we're seeing when we see fucked up people. We always just think of it as fucked up people with that fucked up person is the product of some terrible things that have happened to them almost universally. Most every angry fucked up person has come from a place where something has gone really wrong against them. You know, you're not angry and fucked up. If everything's awesome. If everyday just getting ice cream getting your dick sucked and driving a Ferrari and watching awesome movies like you know, it's you. There's a there's an anger that some people have violent criminals

in particular, that comes from someone doing that to them. I had that anger. I know you had that anger from 1979

You had that shit when I met you. I had that anger but no, the when I met you I've seen it. I've seen it with people well, let me explain some wanted to attack people. Anger was very

Alright, first of all, I know control. I was always a happy kid. And but not really. Because I was always confused about the death of my father. So I had always had a little certain unhappiness. Yeah. But I always had the Catholic faith. I was really raised Catholic and I always believed he was in heaven and

He was in that box with my mom did the things

so at ease the pain a little bit in my mother's death was just fucking horrifying. And that broke the central nervous system belief system

that broke your belief in the world. How can there be a God that takes a mother away from a child?

When you're 16 and you wrapped around your head, there's not a good result. It's not going to be a good result. So how I lashed out was by Robin. Yeah, that was the only weapon I had in the world was to rob you. Joe Rogan fucktard me the studio will get robbed and lit on fucking fire and Joe knows me and with the zeal and do I'm with Carmine,

the fuckery going into the call the GOP, it's Carmen's going to answer the phone. Next time. Don't fuck with me. You'll know next time that the Fuck on me when I tell you to give me a gram of coke. And I'll pay you on Friday. You'll give it to me, right? Because that's what it was. It was simple shit like that. Right? Like Joe give me 100 bucks, bro. Joey, I don't have 100 bucks. Okay, now, Rob, your fucking house shouldn't give me the bucks. You know, I was lashing out at the fucking world. Right? Number two. The other issue I had is I lost a child. I lost a job. I was not ready for that child. At all. I love that little girl with all my heart. But I was not ready for her. At all. My intentions were good. But the result was not going to be well, I was not ready.

And because I lost that child, and I'm in no contact with that job. It makes me a better father than I am today. This is never going to happen to me again. The understanding? Yeah, I see. I see that. We see Daughters of comics. We've seen Daughters of comics and Sons of comics, and have fucking lost. You know, I don't want my daughter to be fucking lost. In that stupidity. And in that world, you know, you have to be that we have to be there. Yeah, you know, you have to be there. I'm trying to be there as much as I can be you have to be engaged. You know, you have to be engaged. Well, your parents engaged as much as you're engaged my mind. But I didn't want a different world. Yes, it's a different world. But my parents are very open minded. What my parents gave to me that was really important was they they're like the most non judgmental non racist, non homophobic people ever. They don't judge about anything. They were hippies. You know, when when my mom met my stepdad he had crazy long hair. And he had it like, all all too. I was like, almost in high school is when he cut I was so happy when he caught it. I was like,

people were like, back then dudes grew their hair long. They were hippies like legit hippies. But because of that, I was raised around like no racism, no homophobic. We had no homophobic thoughts in our house when that never came up. We lived in San Francisco. From the time I was seven till I was 11. We lived on a series gate and one thing that did disturb me though once I was walking with my stepdad, some dude whistled at him. Some dudes like we knew.

I knew that dudes were gay. But there's a thing about when a dude is hitting on your straight stepdad and you're like, Oh, my goodness, this is ridiculous. Like guys are gross.

It makes you realize

doesn't even really make you realize what it was like to be a chick and that same exact scene. I grew up completely different. Not in my home.

Not in my home, but the surrounding.

You know, when I would walk down the corner, Mr. Tina would go speak a rule. Where are you going to?

You know,

there was a kid that I still talked to him on Facebook. His name is Louie Hernandez. He's Dominican. Joe, he's Dominican. He's Dominican. They didn't give a fuck they call them Louie the Mega. Constantly Louie the negative. Guys. He's Dominican. Do you think they gave a fuck? They didn't give a fuck. They didn't give a fuck. Oh, funny. You know, they didn't give a fuck. Pizza. We're just different than the different world we're talking about. Right? I remember there was a kid that is today gay. I still talk to him. He's my brother. As a matter of fact, he's one of my brothers. I gotta be honest with you. He lives in Miami. He's got HIV. I mean, listen, if you didn't know he was gay when he was 12 This is wrong. We missed Oh, Tina used to call him he was lighting the slippers. You know, look at look at Jimmy he's like the slip is you know, and you had to sit there and take it. It was

whatever it should be okay, for little Jimmy lightness slippers. Everybody should just let them be. I

had a dog named Trump that when his dog ever like he lived outside. Trump skin like when you pet the fucking thing was that

hardest it was like, like with those brushes, you scrub the metal brush. Like he lived outside tramp, but he followed him everywhere. He was beautiful. I love

dogs. Now you're very lucky because I

don't have best pets. You know, I grew up in an environment I'm standing with you in my man here we're on a corner we see a trans gender person crossing the street, the shape of this fucking guy. As simple as that is, that's a judgment.

That's a judgment. But it was more of a sense of humor. You know, before we're looking at a picture of, of Archie Bunker, America understood it because he they knew where he was coming from. He wasn't saying nothing malicious. It was a world where he came from, right. And the the the idea was that he was reluctantly open to occasionally take in new information.

Today, every guy's sitting at home, fucking looking out the window peeking, waiting to fucking to get me dude. There's 1000 men at home waiting right now to get me fucking to it every day a new guy get fucking called out for something like that. What's this going to be like, in five years, nobody's gonna be able to even ask for a fucking piece.

Nobody's gonna be late, let me give you a little stab, I'm gonna give you a little bucket of fish. I think

there's gonna come a time. And I don't think it's going to be very long within 10 years, where we're going to be able to read each other's minds, I think we're going to be able to communicate in a different way. And I think it's just going to be step one, into some sort of a technological world where we all read each other's minds, we can connect together in some almost like telepathic web way, the way you use. This is obviously just an idea.

But I think that if technology continues to give us closer and closer access to people, we're going to lose all boundaries between what a person is, and you're going to know everything about everyone's past. And everyone's going to know everything about yours. And it's going to be like some unlimited library of the mind. You can you can travel through anyone's mind and read anyone's thoughts. And as 100 years goes by, and the technology gets better and 1000 years go by, we're going to integrate, we're going to figure out a way whether it's in our grandchildren's lifetimes or their grandchildren's lifetimes. And I think that cultural shifts and things that are happening in the news and people waking up to things that they think are horrible, and people trying to correct the misdeeds of the past. All of that is us waking up in the middle of our culture, and trying to figure out what's right. Figure out what's the healthy way to move forward figure balance this thing out, slow down. What are we doing? We're waking up as grown adults trying to figure out our system, and there's some injustices, those injustices have to be corrected, or at least recognized, we have to understand what's the difference between normal male female interaction and what sexual harassment what when is it when someone doesn't want you to do it? When does it become a crime? And I wouldn't you don't want your daughter to ever experience that. And I don't want anybody that's a woman to experience real sexual harassment. It's the worst fucking thing that could probably ever happen to you because you can't do anything physically about it. Other than rape or being beaten up or murdered. It's a creepy place to be in.

I've had guys hit on me before you ever had a guy hit on you before? Were you like, where is this go? I was like, 13 Yeah, you might think I didn't know what to do. I ran out of the car, but it was my fault for getting in the fucking car. I also acknowledged it and never fucking happened again. And I would go to gate theaters when I was a kid like we thought it was a joke to go to a fucking porn theater on a Sunday we got to a point on a Sunday like what six a year stupid friends and go to the bathroom. And there's always a guy that gets next to you in the store when you go pick it he looks at your deck and he smiles come on guys. Yeah, I bumped into a lot of you been out here first of all, I tell you what bothers me about the current situation now went off. That this fucking place here has always been a fucking haven for sexual harassment. This fucking neighborhood down the corner here Hollywood is with sexual harassment got invested in invented. Did you ever see all this stuff about Fatty Arbuckle? I heard pieces about failure but but I don't need to know about fatty. I know about a chick named Marilyn Monroe that they passed around to they killed I know about a guy named Liberace who used to suck a dick and fucking clean you out and then send you out to the fucking cold and worse he was you know plastic surgery so he looked like like you look like him? Who is one of the most intense things a person has ever made a person do let me tell you some and let me tell you something else too.

Let's while we welcome the elephant in the room. The fucking where we hang out was known for calmly fucking hell of them of sucking dick to the lobby in the Comedy Store. A lot of Dick second went down the fucking Comedy Store. I don't know how long Harvey Weinstein's been around, but there's a song by The Eagles.

1980's was released on the fucking long run, then last out, it's called the King of Hollywood on the way home, put it on, listen to it in the car. You're gonna crash your car

called the King of fucking Hollywood and you're gonna go Who the fuck were they talking about? I have to I'm gonna it just breaks it down. It would be a shame to see all that town go to waste. You know, what are you willing to sacrifice? wouldn't really be just nice. Oh, you gotta look at this shit. Come sit down here beside me, honey. Let's have a little heart to heart. That's the fucking lyrics to the song. Well, Kenya Hollywood 1980 Nobody knew. Now look at me and tell me darlin, how badly do you want this part? Yeah, let's listen. You put men in positions of power. And hiring women like that, that that crazy position of when you're trying to cast something, and you got 100 People that want it so bad. And you're, you know, you're some creepy dude. Some people actually think that this would change their life. If I came to you right now and said, Joe Rogan, you're fucking delivering papers in Boston.

You're gonna have two shows. A podcast. There's like my fucking ball. Just one time.

But I want you to do I want you to do that thing at the end. Like dice. Yeah, like

Oh, would you do it? How much thinking think how much do I get? And how long do I have to succumb for this? Because it's going to be over pretty quick. This is a career changer. If I may do just do that. Right? That's it. They're talking. Oh, the king of Hollywood. Is was Clark Gable a

was he a gay man? It was based off of a book. Apparently all this stuff that was in there.

But he was he alleged to be a gay man. Was this? No, this isn't.

But there was also a book released in Hollywood. In 1997 or eight called you'll never work in this town again. So those lyrics were about Clark Gable. Yo, I'm sorry. I thought it was Yeah. Yeah. But then there was a book released in 1997 or eight in this Hollywood call. You never work in this town again. And it was about a chick who described all her sexual relationships with a bunch of people in town. As she described as a fucking Don Henley, the drummer from the Eagles, the guy that sings and he would get hookahs to come up to the house. wouldn't even talk them. But why them up? Turn Around, Don't even look at me. Don't even make fucking eye contact with me the understanding,

bend over.

So he would sit on the couch

with a robot with his deck out

snorting coke, and they would all be in front of a fireplace bent over where do you hear this? This isn't this book will never work in this town again.

Jesus Christ and he would fuck it. You know where you live from this time again, oh, you never eat lunch and he would take the thing, do a line of coke. Get up and walk up to one of them.

Spread them, putting them there as a little bit of a puppet twice and then go on. I'll be back in five minutes. And then he would go sit down, put his feet up, do another line. And he would do that for eight hours. Just get up fuck on for five minutes and sit back down before he'd come. So he would never crack a nut. And he would just keep snorting and keep it hard on the live. fucking face. So who the fuck knows? Listen, you know, it's like they all through the Harvey under the bus. But these animals had been doing this. Since Jesus loves Chicago. Since Jesus Chicago this one I read that article about the Cuban Superman that they Brando was sleeping with. What they blatantly talked about in our article was exactly what we're seeing today only behind closed doors that Cuba had become a haven for sex. Where you could go see a fucking go get fucked. I mean, didn't they pass a rule this week in Mexico, that a girl could get fucked if she's 12 years old. You really need that rule. Really? That's the rule you need and this is

something that you could be 812 years old is the act of and this is Mexico Mexico. Ages something

12 year well fucking years old. What do you just consent? Why is a woman 12 years old? That's insane. That's insane. Scary.

It is real torture. Can you fucking believe that? Oh my God. Look at this. The federal law established at the age of 12 as the minimum age of consent, while the age at which there are no restrictions for consensual sexual activities as a teen sex with someone 12 to 18 is not illegal per se, but can still be opened to prosecution under certain circumstances. What does that mean? So it's it's age 12

offers the age of minimum age of consent. But the age in which there are no restrictions for consensual sex is 18. So the idea is that sex between someone who's 12 and 18 It's not illegal, but they might be able to lock you up if you do something super creepy.

That is nuts, man. Imagine if there was some

person that just only went after 12. What was that? That's the United States of Mexico.

It's Mexico. So that's why people would fly that isn't actually, I typed in Mexico. But this is an article on Wikipedia about ag consent North America. Wow, this is federal law. So find out Wait a minute that what I just read was about North America. How was that real? I just saw North America too. And that's why I asked those states right. I'm sorry, not your North American United States of America. Right. North America is Canada to that. Is that is that? Is it not possible thing? How's it? Is that really possible that 12 to be the age of consent anywhere? Oh, no. What are you talking about? That's crazy. That is 18. Right? That's the federal law of Mexico. Mexico. Yeah. You scare the shit out of me, Jamie? No, it can here in America. It's not Yeah, yes. This article is about North America. age of consent in North America. And there is states here where it's lower than 80. Yeah. Like there's a couple I believe it's 14. Dude, is that real? That might have changed. Okay, so 12 are the ones 70. The 12 are the ones that were in white. Which is that's in Mexico right down here. Yeah. Okay. There are spots and all the way up the coast, right?

Yep, that's still Mexico. Yeah, that side, but that that whole thing is 12 years old is the age of consent. A blue is all 16 Whew. That's a lot of states and 16 That's kind of crazy.

Lot of fucking US states. 16. That's crazy. 1418 and Central. Excuse me. What does it say? Central America. Oh, 414 to 18 in Central America. Interesting. That's that age of consent thing is bananas. Go back to that little map again, please.

That is weird to look at. I would have thought there'd be way less of those 16 Look how many sixteens there are. And one of the darker ones. Can you scroll all the way down so we can see the whole scale? So 17 is that? And then wow. captures everything is 18 so it's only like Florida Kalfa. There's less greens and there are blues. More the age of consent is 16. Is this current?

Is that possible? This is not current?

It seems not. Alaska. 16. Two

I assumed it was all 18 Florida was like eight

you know, Florida it could be like seven six and a half. You never know fucking that crazy place is a fucking crazy place. That's where white people go to buggy

like pay I just found out about that. That there was a time you go out and just buy pills over the counter or some go pain doctors pain medication. Yeah, like I just read this shit recently that that law got abolished. That's why so many people left Florida. There were people moving to Florida in droves just filled with pain doctors in droves. I didn't know about this shit. Yeah. Well, there's a great documentary that we've talked about many times called the oxycontin Express. And they sort of documented that whole route from Ohio and Kentucky and all the way down through Georgia, all the people that would go into Florida, just to get pain pills. All you had to do is just get into Florida. And you get a doctor and say you hurt your back and they would have a pharmacy right next to the doctor's office and all the pharmacy had his pain pills. So you go there, you tell the doctor you're hurt. The doctor says great here here's some fucking serious hardcore drugs that can kill you. Don't take more of these he'll die. They're super powerful opiates. But since I wrote the wrote it on this piece of paper, you can go buy it. So you go next door and you're buying. You're buying the hardest of hardcore. You're buying hillbilly heroin. You're buying OxyContin and you're going deep. Now I've never done that shit. I did morphine. When I got my knee operated on, they gave me that little pump thing and you press it and press it and press it and you want to get more morphine. I don't I have no idea what oxycontin feels like, but that morphine felt wonderful. It feels like cotton did not feel good. Was it feel like I one time and that was good enough for me. It's almost like

everybody likes different shit. You know? I like blow but I like meth. What? What did

what did oxy do for you? Like why is it not good? I took a little tiny piece like I'm always a fan of something that might put me to sleep.

Via like this could put you to sleep. You know what I'll give it a fucking shot. I like sleep.

Have you tried to go to sleep on Oxycontin? Yeah, I didn't know I go with a goes you you might pass out, or he gave me a 16th it was, there was nothing there. Right? It was nothing that I popped it.

And I just felt like my blood pressure dropped. Like, I couldn't even do anything. So I went to sleep and I just know never to take that shit again. There's certain shit I've taken that I just knew that I was never going to. That just wasn't going to work for me. Damn.

You know, heroin has done effective for a little while, like it takes you somewhere. And if you don't put the brakes on and shit, then you're gone on that thing. I don't even know how to describe it. But I don't mind that feeling, you know, the cocaine feeling you'd like in the beginning? Then where it goes, you don't like it and then it gets worse and worse and worse. But by that time, you're addicted to it. And I'm saying, Matt, I never understood that shit. Want to be up for four days that just seems and you will be up for two fucking days. Thinking you die it like let me go lay down. And I'll say like, I can't sleep. I'm sweating off my dose of sweat. So pills I've always had that. I like a little fucking sleeping pill or something. But because of this alley mafia Yeah, they're too dangerous right?

I can take the anxiety medication that'll help me sometimes I'll pop a few of those whatever I get stuck and like as a pan but like 1.5 to hold them to none that nobody point five they don't do they don't pick find that weed. Let's go to sleep.

Well at night don't do deck. You ever see me at night smoking weed? Really? Because the initial effect was in the daytime. That's what you like. I like that morning. Hi. Why do you like that? Because that's the one that gets the whole that's the one that lets me email text tweet they think that that that that that the Oh by nine o'clock

or by nine o'clock get it out of the way Yeah, so if I'm up it called a six. Put the coffee on open up the computer feed the cat. I don't Pablo it

see there's people Pablo it that's no bueno. Escobar Yeah. What's that Pablo it open your eyes and bed. Roll over and take a joint and smoking. That's no bueno. You gotta let your body wake up. That's no bueno. That's the quickest way was that fucking thing? Yeah, let me take a hit.

I love that little blunt that fucking Gino from speed weed. The some of the fucking Jamie pick this one up this is this is the genius

street what's it called?

Hollywood blondes are some

of Hollywood's

dedicated the lineup. Yeah, waking up and poem of Pablo

people.

Dedicated Yeah, it's medicine, man. Okay, but you wake up and give your body some chance to like I remember smoking cigarettes in the morning. You don't know what

what damage is to your body.

Until you wake up in the morning. Take six steps. Sit down and pull a cigarette out. There is no worse damage.

A human being could do that body. Forget heroin. Forget even a few avocados for getting the Burger King Whopper.

Get up at six in the morning. Give yourself three minutes and light a cigarette.

Your body does not recover from that and you don't know how bad it is to you stop doing it.

That damage so I look at it the same day way reefer I let my body wake up a little bit but at AIR. Drink water. Let the body's heat. Drink a glass of water with ice. Let my body's heat wake up. Get the stomach going. Drink a little coffee and then bang out some reefer all lowly. It's a different day. And you'd like to work out in the morning to write. I'm 55 I can't come to your house eight o'clock at night. But I can't. I'm not gonna roll with six in the morning. Most heart attacks happened before my time do that. Yeah, how come? I don't know I didn't write the book. Check it out. Most heart attacks happen before fucking 12 o'clock. So you don't want to be you know, you don't want Joey Diaz and you decide control at six in the morning.

I'm good at nine to kickbox 10 to kickbox 1112 The jujitsu wise, you gotta wake everything up. That's the whole deal. Heart attacks are more common in the morning says Fox News. Five to six times more likely to occur in the morning hours between one and 5am and studies have shown that morning heart attacks tend to be more severe. And those that happened later in the day, too long or too short of an interval can result in abnormal heart rhythms called arrhythmias as a matter of fact, I stopped giving mama stabbed in the mornings the worried about heart attacks Yeah, cuz that was my more I love one of the inputs you wake them up well

When you kick mama with that leg in the morning, you never say never give me a little wife a tap in the morning, she pops her head up. And then they already know they get up, they pee, they dry the monkey good. They come back naked. You eat that fucking monkey. And then you start giving them a stab. I'm like a soldier and that stabbing dog, I would have to get up and start breathing heavy. And I thought about that, that fucking gangster that was telling him to testify that time in court, and he bent over the potato shoes and he had a heart attack.

And the guy ended up doing a fucking jail and we're going to talk about that too in a second, but we will cover the heart attack. I take a baby aspirin before I go. I drink some from GNC to get me going a little bit in the mornings. I still take my Onnit protein powder I live by. But I do take a supplement before I go to the gym and I do drink something while I'm at the gym to calm me down a little bit. What do you drink? Something from GNC? I like GNC. I don't know. No.

You don't no names. No names.

No performance levels.

I always pop a shroom tech again, I don't pop to shrimp tanks. I pop one. And I started with a half a capsule.

Because I was finding my heart was beating too much. You got to watch the ticket. Yeah, you gotta watch the ticker. That's interesting. You know, listen, God gives you a certain amount of ticks to the heart.

I did coke that fucked up the whole clock that fucked up the speedometer. You got sand in your dial? Yeah, I got sand in the dials. I fucked up this predominance and I got it strengthened a little bit. And that's what strengthens it. But there's a lot of shit you could do without thinking like a marathon or something. Yeah, I watch my fingers. No numbness. I go. I get a finger up my ass as much as I could from the doctor. I use I overuse insurance dollars. Like I'm going on Friday for a blood test. Why join because I'm in the mood. You got to switch out the blood every couple of months. You know I'm saying you got to switch it out my Keith Richards he's still alive because he switched to that look at women on die of heart attacks. Why? Because they bleed every month. When he only asked those that don't take them. Well. What's the matter with you today? Like a fucking world? I'm just like, anybody. Okay, relax. If you don't want to know I'm enjoying your conversation. You just smoking so much weed you getting paranoid? No, I love

taking five minutes off that thing. You just spend just sucking it down and getting deeper and deeper into the hole.

Like what's the matter? It's not nothing's a matter at all. It's the fourth of July.

Great to see you look at what's going on with you. Normal shit, you know?

Didn't last night. Now. I'm coming tonight. You're going down there tonight? Yeah, go spot tonight. I'm going on. Taking a few days off after the Netflix. Yeah. Nice. I wanted to fall in love again with it. I wanted to,

to get to take time off things. It's really weird how you live and you learn and you still fall for dumb shit. You know, the only person I should listen to when it comes to comedy is you and they don't see you enough. And I don't talk to you enough about I gotta get on more planes with you. Because my tribe, I watched the John Mulaney special and I fell in love with his joke writing and stuff. He's very funny guy. Really nice guy. Really nice guy. It's fucking great fucking special, you know? But every once in a while I'm sorry. I'm saying this word. I always think I get the white moment and I'm not a white comic. The reason why you liked me and the people like me is because you don't know what's going to come out of my mouth. When I become a writer. That's when I'm not a comedian normal. When I go home and start writing stupid fucking jokes and you laugh at them. I'm not joking. He is no more. That's not what Joey this is supposed to do. Yes, I know. You're supposed to do Yeah, but this shit that's happened now scares the shit out of me. So now I gotta go up there you paid 25 bucks to see me I got it locked in and leave my soul up there. I take that shit seriously now but I'm starting to get a little bit too seriously this shit you see now in what way

the people coming to the shows people come into the shows to see you and they want to do you to see you do well. So I go up there with this plan material that I work on hard that I believe in that bullshit. Because I'm a lot friendlier when I go up there and I just fucking yell and scream and go off the cuff and go crazy and my eyeballs turn red. But no, I want to be John fucking Mulaney because he makes me fucking laugh and he's what in your mind that you can't make it. Yeah, everybody's got their own way of doing it. No. And that's what I realized. I'm going back to being a fucking lunatic. I'm going back to mid nightspots.

Next week, I'm going back to midnight spots. Going back to Cali. Cali. Cali. Going back to Cali yo, golf. Ball money spots. I know they're late, but they're the only ones that keep you if you're gonna play if you listen for me to be in uniform. That's the only one I could do it. That 1015 following you That ain't fun. No more. We got to be back there late like we used to go on for I was asleep for two or three weeks. Then you got to walk me over and buy me a fucking pink that sandwich.

Like in the old days, why don't you like to 1015 spots? Let's put that place because they put me in that position. I'm sick of fucking being in that fucking John Mulaney position I'm not John Mulaney I'm gonna

like you they're the same me because something's gonna come out of my mouth. That's gonna be funny. Funny coming out of my fucking mouth. Listen, I love you but your that's crazy talk. You what you do is your way of doing it. It's great at 10 it's great at eight you could do it three in the afternoon show would be amazing. They stare at me at the store. They stare at me and the original. I'm going back down I'm taking the Kennison spots again. Three nights a week. Because I can handle it the minute I get home at one I'll stamp to win 32 You got to do the late spots. Yeah, you know why? The reason why I do this early shit is because I'm trying to be normal. I read that book, your podcast like I said, Okay, now I like this hold on a second. So you're gonna close out the store and do like an hour long set? No, no 1512 to 1215 Oh my gosh, you're not gonna do like the Don Barris situation. Oh, no, no.

Listen, Joey at least for the most.

I'm just saying you but you can if you're closing out the show, right? You could go along. I don't want to close out the show one of them. Well, I don't want to be I'm scared of going out at night. So it's not a thought you were saying you want to do the Kennison spa that's

a midnight spa and he would do that.

Oh, I thought he was always the last guy I didn't thought was I mean that's what they always say about Brody when he does the Kinison spot and I thought it was the Midnight's let's call it the Paul Mooney spot. Okay. Well, just you want to do a late night spot. Yeah, yeah, I could do a lot better. I don't have to go to be out for sure. Yeah, yeah. Generous ready for me that it's time for me to be fucking degenerate. I say that fellow degenerate. Yeah.

Nobody say one that I say one. I said 12.

One in the morning. 1212 o'clock. You get another one though. 12 will be realistic, not 1210.

professionals at the store and pretty professional professional. There's no more fucking people coming in and bumping you. Well, that still happens a little bit, but not too much. They don't they don't no one jumps on and does an hour and a half. Like the old days. I miss I missed that. 12 o'clock thought of mind. The thought process at 12 for me in the old days was I swear to God, Joe. They've already heard everything. Yeah, if they if I think they really want to hear these dumb three jokes in my pocket. I got another thing coming. And it taught me how to write really good. What do you what has changed recently like the one of the things a lot of people have been saying with? Especially the me to movement, so people are more cautious about saying controversial jokes now.

Do you feel that you feel like energy in the air being different?

Do you feel like

I know you won't get mad at me. I feel the energy is different. But guess what, Jay? What? It don't apply to me.

It don't apply to me. doesn't apply to me and it's never going to apply them.

Okay, I understand me shooting you're special on your network. You don't want me to use certain words. There's parts and I get that this is a business. Right? This is business. And I got mouths to feed. But when I'm at the Comedy Store, when I'm at the Improv when I'm at the Laugh Factory, when I'm at flappers when I'm at the haha, when I'm at the New York Gotham, you got to let it fly. I'm gonna let it fly. Yeah, let it fly. Okay, and I'm sorry. No, no, you know, no, he sorry. Just so you know, you know what I put on yesterday, which is what I put on the studio yesterday. And this is it. This is dead because it's time we're not taking it no more. I'm not taking no more. I put out an album and again, I'm very sorry if I offend somebody. I didn't name it this. He did. So take your fucking problem up with him. Namely Artemis Bicentennial nigga, by James rich Richard Pryor. I put it on. I listened to it twice and I did an edible and cried. I got the fucking I've got the the periscope listening to Richard. Okay, I got it. Yeah, okay. And I listened to Lenny Bruce live from Carnegie Hall in the last couple of weeks. I don't know when the last time you listen to that because we can't because of our

week guys like you and I can't definitely not Jamie and definitely the end the 30 you can't because of the

cost. How slow your references how slow it is. Yeah, but it's a lesson. I listened to that and I'm going home. But guess what I'm listening to tonight. What I'm staying in tonight. Listen to the one when he meets the wine on meets Dracula. Oh, is it something I said are the niggas crazy? Both of those albums and masterpieces. And that's

He wanted us to do it. Yeah. That was how we have to do it. Yeah, he didn't give a fuck what the fuck was said. If a company wants to pay you HBO with CBS, and I Joey, can we talk to you in the corner? We can't have that jump because we got to complain about that. I'm an adult, I can't sell. You know, listen, Bill Hicks is dead. Don't feel too good myself. Okay. All right. Let's cut the fucking shit. Okay. We do this for profit. At the end of the fucking day. We're feeding our families. All right, so but there's also a way you do it. And there's

a way you do it for more profit. You know, when I watched the Richard Pryor thing, and I know he wanted to Hollywood ball and they were doing the thing for gays. And he went up there and win against the gays. I got it. Is it something I would do? I don't know. I don't know. But it's who was supposed to be in a way as a comedian

was supposed to be the social column

of society in a way, in some way. And so now you want to take that away from me.

You want to take the way I can't say I grew up on the word retarded. I grew up on the word faggot. I grew up on the word I grew up on a lot of words that people don't accept today. And I'm very sorry that you don't accept them. But it's too late for me to change my game right now. Yeah, I'll try my hardest. I try my hardest. I'm still gonna say try it from time to time. I know it offends. But when you're a comic, Listen, man, the first seven minutes of any news is about what's going on in the world. The next 10 minutes is bad. I never talked about politics. From the top it off. I'm a felon. So I'm here to talk about foreign policy. Vote. There's just things I'm not going to talk about kicking in the bush and child number for a long time. Every comic was, you know, kicking the board and free to you. That's not my style. I'm up there to talk about the board. Yeah, you go to comedy shows and there's always shocked and wants to be shocking. I'm not here to be shocking. I'm I'm here to tell you how I see it. You want to hear how I see it. This is how I see it. If I offend you. I offend you, too. Before in the beginning of the show. I said something very offensive in today's terms. But in my reality it was really you want firecrackers? You buying from a Chinese Dude, why? Like why is that racist? Because it's racist, but as a society? How's it racist today? It's factual Chinese people out of fireworks. Weird. There's weird ones that we all let fly. Like black dudes had big dicks. No one's complaining about that. Right? You ever hear that? You assume black dude has a big deck because anybody complains? Probably they look into now that might be like maybe I'm the first one to get called out on it. That's racist to think that black dudes have big dicks.

Is it if it's positive? Is it pot is like a positive attribute racist? Like if you said Asian people are better at math people would say that's racist. How is it racist? If they're really good at something? Like if they have more talent, or skill or more accomplishments hasn't racist? Like this? Isn't that racial? If it's good?

Right, like Jews accept it. If you tell Ari, that more European Jews won Nobel science prizes, he's like, of course, we're smarter. Is it? Is it racist? To talk about how many Jews are so fucking smart? Like, why is that why they say god damn smart. If you think about how many German and European Jews were like fucking serious geniuses. It's it's a crazy trend. Like what happened over there? Callum was trying to explain it to me once, but the values and their education and experiences and what led to just Google the numbers of European Jews that have won Nobel science prizes. It's kind of like it's eye opening. You know? How many guineas from New Jersey? 00 guineas from New Jersey when it's science right? None of my relatives when science projects gonna stop a couple of weeks ago. It was hard to look. Oh, is it? Yeah, what did European Jews that have won the Nobel science prize? Try that. I don't know.

I don't even know what those numbers are. I'm talking on my ass. I know that. It's I've definitely heard it discussed that there was a giant number. What are you doing over there Joey Dennis.

Me sure my wife doesn't text me and let me know what body I need to be at. Oh Fourth of July baby this is our our country's birthday. Is a time that we should cherish.

I think we should play the national anthem. Maybe later. We got

we got to play the national anthem real quick. They have on this morning my my house I loved it. I fucking love it. So how was your experience doing your Netflix special?

Everything was great. Netflix I take my hat's off to them. Everything was great. It was my fuckup it was my fuckup I let it get into my head too much. I listened to too many people and I forgot the number

One thing

just be funny

that it be yourself. Doesn't matter I'd be how many shows Did you film to?

First of all, I think was a disaster. The second one, I redeemed myself a little bit, we'll put something together and we'll save something.

So now I'm working really hard like now I'm now going back to my old roots. I want to do my stand up again. It's hard when you know, even though I have two shows, and only two shows is Tom What bullshit Yeah, more, no more. Listen, this has nothing to do with me. I'm a stand up comic.

That's what I signed up for.

What do I got left? I'm 55 oil left the don't stand up another 10 years. Maybe? I got to stop now. You're gonna shut me down now. Now, here's where we get started.

Here's where we get started.

We got to we got doors. What do you think about do you think about ever stopping doing stand up? Because I do occasionally I think about and then I take a flight back with dice from New York and I look at dice. Before I approach them. I sit down and look at them

from 10 feet away for 10 minutes. And I think to myself, is this what I want to be doing at that age? And I think about what what would we be doing?

But we'd be doing you really want to be around your wife and your daughters. Every fucking weekend. For every fucking week. You're already used to leaving one weekend at least.

You're already used to it.

There's going to be a casino. Some reason to pay you once a month to leave the house. But to that if you would you be happy with your act if you're only going out once a month. Like if you weren't going up and practice and going out once a month could be awful. But

I'm saying you're still hosting the pizza place on Wednesday nights. And you're still let's pretend you move to fucking Columbus, Ohio. Okay, okay to Columbus, Ohio, Miss Ohio. And you work the funny bone once a year. Right? And you do your little pizza open mic somewhere down the corner a couple of nights a week. They look he was the older guy. They all came up looking at comedy watching. You know, they listen to you. You know, when I started in comedy I started the guy's name was George McKelvey

and George McKelvey was a really special guy, Joe Joe, because he had been on The Tonight Show with with

whatever, as a comic as a stand. And that's the fucking Epitome for one of us whether he became Richard Pryor or not, he was on. What's his name? Come on, fucking helped me. I have no idea Tonight Show Johnny Carson, Johnny Carson, they did stand up and Johnny put them on the couch. You know, the drill. I mean, George McKelvey was the real deal. When George was 70. I'll never forget, he called me one night. He's like, hey, what do you don't get I go, I'm sitting. He goes drive to Colorado Springs. And get on stage open up me. I go, I can't get on that stage. Because the famous manager that was at that at that club at the time, wouldn't let you get on the stage unless you took the comedy class for 35 bucks. That was a scam.

I'll waive it. So he drew me out on stage. And this old guy liked me. That old guy had no career basically, he did the local places. He owned two clubs. And he worked a couple of clubs that hired him still. He died on the road or whatever. My point being that he helped me a lot. As an old guy, like I looked at them. And I first my first opinion of him was on the look of this old loser. No, he wasn't an old loser. He had been doing it for 30 years he committed to this. And no matter what his turnout was, or whatever, he was still a comic. He died a comic. I talked to him maybe 20 years until he died. I lost contact with him. Well, George Carlin died on the road. Yeah, greatest of all time. I don't want to die on the road. And I know you don't want to die on the road. No, but I can't. For years. I thought I wouldn't be doing this at 50 Guess what? I'm 55 and I'm still you're not just doing it this is what's important. You're still letting it swing. You're still having fun and doing a lot of crazy shit that gets you in a lot of trouble today this is what I brought up with we were talking about the you know air quotes me to era people going after people today for good or for bad and to still have a wild controversial act in this politically what do you hold on one second? What is what are we going after me two people for for me taking me in the back grabbing you Teddy's grabbing your purse your for you sucking my dick for a movie role? Or for something like that. All those things really don't exist in my life. Right? I have a wife and I have a child. They don't exist. If you want to come at me for sucking my dick and night and 2002 We were both both doing blow God Be my guest Be my guest but I want to see polish. I can't be I'm see I'm sorry. And take it and just you know, I'm saying yeah, there's a lot of people out there. They're gonna get me to look at this other guy. For years. He was known as a heroin addict. Never got accused of

Sexual Misconduct as some chick said she he molested when he was 11 years old. And now he's like, You need that. You need that. And the chicks on drugs. She's doing the press conference while she's on drugs. What's his name rather than one? The guy that was in heat that De Niro put them in the rehab himself, and then he married Heidi Fleiss for a while. Who was one how many flights from Tom we had? That guy has been a junkie for 2000 years. All of a sudden, I can't remember his last name Sizemore sighs all of his sized some girl comes up with 26 twitching. Yeah, he molested me on the movie set when I was 11. That's great. And then the dog, but you can't ruin somebody's life now. But what do you think is happening? This is my question. Like why are why are people accepting these these situations like the Chris Hardwick situation or why is everybody instantly thinking that the guy's guilty? No one giving him a benefit of doubt no court? No justice court there's no nothing and in some some cases like the worst case was Garrison Keillor Garrison Keillor is the host of the Lake Wobegon Chronicles like this radio show on PBS? I think it is, is that what it is? He apparently hugged a woman and his hand went down her back. This is this is the depiction and he apologized to her. And he sent her an email she said don't worry about it's no big deal. It was nothing. And then they continued, I believe to correspond. And we're friends again. And then this, all this stuff started happening with Al Franken. And then he had this complaint brought up by this woman, she re introduced it. And so that a long time ago, he put his hand on my back. And they canceled his show. They took his name off of it. And they did it like really quickly. And it's one of those things where he just go, okay, really, like the guy in one moment in time touches someone's back. I don't know if it was creepy or not. Let's assume it was a terrible error. And it was creepy. I don't think it was. I don't know. I'm not saying I know.

But that's it. Just touching someone's back. And you that is a hysterical reaction. That is hysteria. That's almost the definition of hysteria. You're not talking about an evil person talking about a person to touch someone's back. Like we got to be real careful with what you destroy a person's whole life with. So on the one side, you have the worst case scenario, which is like Bill Cosby, who's drugging people and raping people. So worst case scenario for these powerful elite type people that are getting these women into their web and

he's another one, which they were all in on it and everybody knew about it. They knew about written into his contract. It was a sexual harassment clauses were in his contract. Right? Wasn't that it was known for years. Sure, we're correct soundbite we read Harvey under that bothers me about Harvey. Bosley about Harvey. What we got indicted everybody. It's a lot of people that have been debated and this is one of my feelings. My feeling right now that this would be a this should be a RICO act. This is a RICO act. agents, managers. Oprah Eddie, because everybody knew everybody. Question How much? Listen, everybody knew in 2005. Everybody knew Joe Diaz was a coke fan. That's a different thing, though. It's a stain. Let's pretend. But same thing. Okay, but let coke Joe Diaz is a coke fiend. It's 2007 Joe Diaz comes to a party house. There's two cell phones missing.

Okay, let me let me say this, though. Do you think that it's possible that his behavior was shielded from some of the people that he interacted with, like Hillary Clinton, or Oprah or Bill Clinton or whoever, whoever that was that they some high profile people that he interacted with? Is it possible they didn't know? Is it possible? They just thought it was a pussy hound? No. Or do you think they all know he was a pussy hound? And they heard little chitter chatter, but it's okay. It's okay. They would just let him join. That's number one. That's crazy. Number two, Jamie, you ready for this? Oh, Jesus. Okay, I see Joe, whatever. Not now. But probably five years ago.

I see Joe and the first thing I do is Joe, before you leave, don't forget about that yesterday.

What was that story on me about about Benson Henderson's choke

about a joke that somebody said the store no other place I went to.

And some chick took me in the back and shook my deck under the car and then she stuck her finger in my acid. That's what we talked about. So if that's what we talked about, you're gonna look me in the fucking face like a man that you are in the men that you've been around and told me Harvey Weinstein never turned to Brad or his other bodies and listen

remind me to tell you the story about that dirty fucking battle.

For sure. Okay that for sure. Did anybody that was that that been admitted? I think they've had conversations. Oh my god, if you don't think that the wig Ben Affleck and the other guy, I'm not offended. No, but I'm just talking boys. Were boys, right? Yes. What you won't say to Jamie, you will say to maybe you're going to watch blind date? No, I've never watched a movie blind. This movie blind crackers going off. And there's a movie named blind date with Bruce Willis. Oh, I remember that movie. And Kim Bassinger hilarious. Kim Baskin just steals the show. When she walks in the Japanese lady. She's like, you know, you're entitled to 50% of your husband's assets in California. And the Chinese woman kept saying may not speak English may not speak English and doesn't yield even 10 50%. And she opens up the door 50% 50% That movie is a great movie. But this has seen the opening of that movie. Both of those actors are around where the guy comes up to me. He goes, you're not going to believe what happened last night. And Bruce Willis goes, Hey, we go one of these fucking sex stories again. And he goes, so I'm at Spa goes, I have dinner. I walk out and some lady pulls up on the limo. And I say, I've never been on a limo and she goes, we'll get in and we're riding down Sunset hard times in the summer. And next thing you know, she's sucking my dick. She's got leotards on, eat harass, and he's telling the story and Bruce Willis listening. He goes, No, no. Why does this always happen to you? This is some other bullshit.

And he goes in his pocket he starts whipping out Polaroids

that I've always known one of those guys in my life. Of course, we've all known one guy in my life. That is the difference between that guy and what Harvey Weinstein believes stuff. Yeah, I know that. But I also believe that Harvey Weinstein was telling people he probably was because listen for everybody to tell him was he telling them that he was holding people down? What do they usually tell him? Was he telling him he's raping pieces of pizza? No, not at all. Do you think that he did? Well, she's a piece as she's a piece of ass. You got to see her suck a dick. Right? She'll do anything. She's an animal. That's what we do as men, we're braggadocio. So there was like a community of that were actors and actresses. I think he had four or five guys that knew what he was doing. I want you to remember being 27

and having for you boys that would come back every Monday with a different story to karate school. Yeah.

I ate rice. I fucked her on fire. Whatever. The funny thing is that you do he told somebody somebody knew about all these stories. Some agents knew somebody because for for the 100 of them that said no and whatever. That had to be 25 He was playing the percentages, Joe? Well, definitely, in fact, a lot of people said yes, they blame that one girl. That that one girl that did rounders. They accused her. Yeah, I heard that. That played Matt Damon's girlfriend. She was She went from being an extra and fucking Donnie Brasco to being a guest on opposite fuckin Yeah, if you watch Donnie Brasco. She's what's his name? Sonny blacks girlfriend? And I'm in line she hasn't that movie

00

SmartMove and then a year later, she's a fucking guest. Yeah, opposite.

So that said yeah, do you what do you fault the girl for doing that? Over girl decides to jog army wants to go on her own free will when we come here with a dream.

And there's two ways to enhance that dream. As either I always knew that I wasn't good looking. I always knew I was fat now isn't always are radio, hard to listen to. But I always knew that I was funny. So I always worked on being funny. I didn't think somebody was gonna let me suck their dick or eat their pussy to be a star. So that was never in my mind. But think about people. How many people have you met with Sal there? So in this town, how many people have come and gone in front of you? The reason why our friendship is still intact is because you know I'm on work, you know, always hard work. You respect hard work. How many times have you pulled me aside and said look at his fucking clown. And you're not trying to be judgmental. You just know that he's pulling the wool over somebody's eyes. We know who's talking to talk and we know who's walking the walk. We see it on stage. We hear about it. We don't need Twitter or Facebook. Hear about it. We get to that club. The club owner, Joe Joey was here two weeks ago. He was falling asleep on stage. You know, he is shit. Right? So it's the same day.

Yeah, no, I think so. I think

I think what's one of the things that standup is good for is that it's, it's an exercise you're doing while you're living your life.

And the better stand up gets, it's usually a better indication that you're thinking better. Like your your life's more in order you more tuned in, you know, you're doing stuff that's hitting harder, because you've got better points, you know how to edit it better. And usually that that the you can use that I think it's like, remember, see, remember that movie mo better blues, Denzel Washington. I love that movie. It's one of the things I loved about that movie, I got inspired to work on my act after that movie. I was like, think about how much musicians practice. He was just, oh, he's practicing. And these girls, these hot girls want to fuck? And you're like, No, no, right now, I gotta practice, I gotta practice, I was like, Damn that discipline, crazy discipline that that man has to play that trumpet and practice it over and over again. And it made me really think like, as a comic, we don't work like that. We don't have to rehearse all day, you know, we don't really rehearse at all. But musicians, like a really good musician. I mean, they're always working, they're always trying and training and working on their craft. And we do it on stage in front of people, probably more than a lot of musicians do unless they're, you know, constantly regular touring. But it's we don't, we don't have that kind of a work ethic attached to what we do. Like if you want to play a phenomenal trumpet, those guys their breath control and the way that can blow those horns, man, they practice all the time, they put in hours and hours working on that. And I was thinking about, like, that's a different kind of craft, it's a different kind of craft, the ability to play musical musical instrument, the thing about stand up that becomes a problem sometimes is that it's kind of, you can kind of pull it off, like you could do it really well, or you can kind of pull it off. And to kind of pull it off, you don't need a whole lot of effort. You just need a few good subjects and a few good ways of expressing it. But to get that where you can kind of pull it off and turn it into a bit that just smashes a bit that you put it in, you can't wait to get to that punch line because you know, it's gonna be a nuclear bomb. That's where the real work comes in. And I think for a lot of us, it's the difference between how much energy you put towards anything, whether it's your stand up comedy, or painting or whatever the fuck you do, how much energy you put towards your writing how much energy to put towards thinking about it, the more you can do, the better it's going to be. And that's a fundamental thing that nobody ever tells you. People tell you, you should write. But it's not just that you should write, you should also listen to your shit, you should also perform but the whole key to it all, is just applying different kinds of focus towards your act. And if you look at like a movie, like mo better blues, like he's doing that, but

he's playing that fucking trumpet and you realize, like, this guy is like lost in the act of practicing this beautiful musical instrument. And this is his craft, and he takes pride in being excellent at his craft, he could just hang around all day and still probably blow an awesome tune at night. But no, he fucking practices. And I remember thinking about that going down. That's probably something that's missing from the lives of most stand ups. And I should probably try to think about that more with my own life. I love I love the writing, and I love the performing. I hate the listening. Yeah, that's a hard part. Listen, this is very rough for me. And I listen, I forced myself in before this special. I forced myself to listen a lot. And it made me to fucking over critical.

You know, got me to over fucking critical. A week before I tape I also went to places that I didn't put my name on the gazebo just to see how my jokes would do in front of regular people. And that fucked up my head a little bit. I made a lot a couple of little mistakes in training camp. But that's a training camp before. Don't want it. Yes, no, I agree. Listen, I've been doing this for 27 years. I love doing it. I get better every fucking year. My breathing I get something better going up on stage or confidence levels and talk it's 27 fucking years. You're gonna be doing it 30 this year? Yep. Next month is gonna be 30 fucking years. Did you ever

see yourself doing this for 30 years I still remember walking into the

main room and Mitzi was in a booth and Paul was on stage slicing that room apart and she called me over she goes That's what happens when even though income he had 20 years. And at that time, I was like damn, I've been doing comedy for 11 I still got another nine

now I'm at 27 crazy and it's like you watch people like John jock right? Who will fuck you up effortlessly? Without even breathing heavy John Jocko you go there you'll be in you'll get that fucking hell you think you got him in the fucking guillotine? Next thing you know you're on your back looking up your arm and

and that's what kind of we're doing right now. I feel myself

When I see a guy with a quarrel beltline I'm like, That's the level now that we're at. I can control a lot of shit. Joe, one of your secrets was following me was putting yourself in bad positions. Yeah. Which in jujitsu is like getting the biggest guy in the room and go, Hey, you busy right now? Did I tell you on the road with me? They'd be like, What the fuck is wrong and on top of me and just choke me. You take me on the road is like somebody going, Hey, come here for a second. What do you weigh? 300 I weigh 140 get on top of me. And a mouth? I'd put one hand. We'll start there. Yeah, let's start right there. Yeah, start right fucking there. But only, only if you think about it that way. See, this is what's what was important about it. There's one one thing that's important about traveling with all really funny people, it only becomes a negative when you think at it as a negative. When someone's funny, you should be laughing and enjoying it. And it makes your time more enjoyable when you go on stage. Yes, it does. I needed to learn that. And the way I learned that one of the ways was go on the road with you. I knew that you were going to crush. And so I knew that everybody else would like to take you know, we were both relatively young in our comedy careers back then. Right? So it was like we're talking about I've been doing comedy maybe nine years or eight years, you were a lot wiser about the game like you introduced me to shit. I had never even like I read a few books and watched a few tapes. But you had the practical knowledge that I needed. Like you were the VO tech school. Well, what I did is I thought about the same way I thought about martial arts. That's one of the reasons why I wanted to go on the road with you all the time. I was like you don't get better or sparring people that suck. You get better when you spar with wizards. You got to be real careful when you're sparring with wizards. And so I was like, what I would need to do is have someone who goes on stage in front of me and just crushes. We had some I had some tough sets going on FTM at one time and rascals rascals in West Orange, right was in West Orange or East Orange, West, West Orange, New Jersey. Fucking great club, but you went up and you got into it with some people in the audience about something and you were just on fire just on fire. You crushed and I had a real hard time going on after you. And I remember thinking, Oh, okay, this is a very important lesson. Like this is important. Like, there's something that I'm not doing right that he is doing, right? Like, what am I? How come I'm not, Oh, I'm nervous. I'm nervous going on after him. So I'm not having fun up there. So he's having fun, and I'm being tense going, oh, Jesus is better not suck. So I'm putting in my head, this better not suck. It's the total wrong way to approach like, if you approached a fight like that, man, you're gonna get smashed. Most likely, you want to approach a fight, thinking about the things you're gonna do, not the things that you want to like, worry about what's gonna happen. If you get hit, you don't think like that. You just think about doing your thing and then adjusting along the way. And I had the wrong mindset. And I needed to see someone kill a bunch of times in front of me and then bomb go after them to realize, okay, something's wrong here. The wrong things. And I'm going on stage tense, because someone was funny. That's ridiculous. Like, I should be the opposite. I should be happy that someone was funny, because I love comedy. And this is what I like to do. I mean, I like to watch it if I'm not doing it. So why am I so tense? It's just a bad way of approaching a problem. And I think this is one of the things that fucks people up in life. You approach a problem the same way every time, and you never stop and just completely look at the whole thing from the top down. Just look at the whole thing. Go what, what am I trying to do here? I'm trying to get tighter and funnier and better. What do I gotta do? I got to do a lot of sets. I got to write, and I got to work with murderers. That was the key. It's like working with guys like you and all of us working together. And also people knew if they came to see us, like, hey, this isn't just going to be Joe goes up and he's the hero of the show. No, you're gonna get Ari, who's gonna go on and murder you're gonna go on and murder and then I'm gonna go up. I mean, it's a fucking Rockem sockem robots show we had. We went on the road, dude, we did college. I mean, clubs are either across the country. We did. I mean, who knows how many fucking cities you and I and Ari toured on fucking crazy numbers. Just over and over again bonding together hundreds of shows together, figuring out how to fucking get everything perfect. Figure out the right amount of weed to smoke before you go on stage. The right amount of getting Joey Diaz riled up. You would come in yelling about something or hair. Oh, I want you to see something. I'd go into the bathroom and it'd be a shit. It looks like a crocodile trying to crawl out of the toilet bowl.

All that stuff. That's some rock'n'roll comedy, man. You know, it helped both of us. It helped both of us a lot. And it also like set a tone that I think for a lot of us like you should be with funny people should all everybody should try hard. Should not like think that anybody doing good is bad for you. It's great. It's great for you. It's great for everybody. That everybody's like, doing good together is better for me.

Everybody when I go on the road now I go onto the road under those Joe Rogan principles.

i That's my whole road thing. The only thing I added to the only g condo I added to it is my travel. I'm in and out fast I don't fuck around. I rent a car. I don't want to see nobody. I'm in. Yeah, go right over there. You know, there's no radio necessary. I played just like you now.

Yeah, they'll try. Yeah, no, because they have relationships with local radio stations. They like you know, Casey wi wants to get you in there. Cool. I go in because you want to talk to the people. Yeah. On the way up the same people for sure. Way down. There's a lot of people that were there for me when I wasn't sorry. Yeah, that station. The problem is the waking up in the morning. What do you do? Just kills it just kills you. And you got to get in there a day earlier. Because if you want to do Friday morning, you got to get in there Thursday. Now you can't just show up Friday, three o'clock in the afternoon. I can't do it. I fly out Thursday at fucking 6am That's the best you got out of me. Right because I got the family and I got up we got a lot of shit. It's not like it used to be mad so but the thing that I love about like this time is that even though people are super sensitive, like we were talking about people were real sensitive about like getting in trouble for stuff. They're still rock them sock and robots comedy going on. It's still wild out there. Like dudes are still doing crazy fucking jokes. It's it's fun people taking real chances. They're doing real stand up. You know, and it's there's a lot of them. That's Bill Burr. There's you mean go down the list. Ari are he's doing some real stand up. You know, there's a bunch of real killers. Now Santino, he's doing some dangerous stand up. You know, he's on right now. I'm writing from my. That's it. Like the reason the point of that fucking story I told you. Being on top of that hill at 17 and being homeless is because I had a lot of chances to ice myself.

And while I had chances to ice myself, get out of fucking prison and thinking and get out on bail. When I got out on bail. I had a lot of fucking doubts my friend. Thank you getting a bail knowing you're going to look at 48 fucking years and you're a fucking loser as it is. Think of all those opportunities. I used to break into a friend's house to sleep in his house at night. I slept in a rocket ship. For a month outside of the park. You go to a park and see those rocket ships and your kids play on them. I still remember going up to the third floor the rocketship finishing off my coke and jerking off on the third floor at five in the morning outside in a fucking park with leaves around me and shit. There was a lot of times I had

to it's amazing. have no fucking idea I would go up to the third floor with a bottle of fucking Smirnoff silver vodka, a bag a hooded sweatshirt gloves with a missing finger

so I could fucking touch the rock and put them in my nose and shit.

You know? That's all that's all funny on the way up the stairs and shit but when you're when you come down and you're in that rocket ship, it's five in the morning and it's 20 Fucking two below zero

and you're just thinking to yourself fucking God took away my mother God did this. This is all God's fault because it's the same guy that I was raised to believe that was going to help me is doing all this. A lot of times I wanted to fucking do a swan dive. But I didn't you know itself I can where that was in those positions for a long time. Yeah. Now I got to look at you and go Jesus Christ. Look at like, Turner's No, no, Tina Turner, his son killed himself yesterday. It was an ice son though. I thought it was like son with it. You know, this trend the fucking people ice in themselves. That scares me and concerns me. Is this something we're eatin? Is it something that we're getting weak on? You know, there was no blue drugs on what Dane systems and we can't blame fucking prescription drugs. He was on one medication, some sort of medication.

It was something that was prescribed for him. Someone told me that it was malaria medication? I don't know. Probably I don't know if they've released that. But I'm sure he had to take some of that stuff sometimes. But, you know, you don't know what it was that did a man. I mean, what got into some people he really wasn't doing well. You know, I don't I don't know. I need to. I mean, it's almost unnecessary to get for me to get the full story. I missed the guy who's gone. That's it. You know, I mean, I don't need to. I think when whenever someone does something like that, whatever it is, if there's one thing that people could point to and say, Hey, there's a chemical that's responsible for this or there's a gene problems responsible for this or like, How could someone who's loved so much want to step out? I mean, that must be a terrible moment of paint to want to do it. I had them the oven on the computer, listen to music on YouTube. And you're right, right. And that just keeps playing songs and you know, you don't have no

control. I think I started with Lenin skin. Simple man. Right kept going into well, it's gonna trip and I went, I came back and at one point blow up the outside world.

And I'm sitting there and he says that line about going out of something. Joe Rogan, my lip started shaking like, oh, Mike, I don't even know this guy and I miss him. No, no, this guy. You want me to look you people tell you I know. I met Korea. I met Chris. I don't know. I don't know. I never I saw him one time at the Comedy Store. Six feet away from me, Chris Cornell. That's it. And I started crying. Like how could somebody like this go in a room and just ice themselves? Is this what I'm going to do? Because I'm in this fucking entertainment field. Because what happens?

And then I think about all these times, one time, I broke into my friend's house, and I broken the window and it was freezing. I couldn't even sleep in that room at asleep in the hallway. And there was a mattress on the wall that had like pistons from all the kids. And I pulled it down. I slept on it. And when I woke up, he had a dog and it was it was too cold. He just let the dog shit downstairs.

And there was like 20 pieces of little rolled up shit that had been like when the juice goes out of them. They just roll up once those things that he uses. Oregon accordion accordion, it was like a piece of shit shrinks like an accordion. When the moisture goes out of it, it really does. So if you take a shit that's this big, right and you put it in a box come back a week later. It's like his big How do I know that? Because I did it to a guy in prison. In the welfare box one time. Jesus has a box is a cheese with a cheese comes in American cheese. Yes, this dude had long hair will always try to play me like he was with the biker dudes.

Box for him. But he played he where he lived in to keep working in the kitchen. He forgot I ran the kitchen. And there was all me and black dudes. So one day, I got one of the welfare cheese boxes. And I took like a 2224 orange. It looks like a lizard. It was just a long, like, you know, then at the end, like what are those things that like a snail that's like a brown snake. And I fit it perfectly into this cheese box. And I took a flag of the American flag like from the cheese and I put it on and I put it this draw every night. And he had the first bunk on the way out so that everybody had a walk. And all the black guys would open the door and go god damn smells like shitting this motherfucker. And he kept saying I know it does. I don't know why it's and I was like shitting it and after like a month when they went draw. Everybody kept saying man it smells like shit. Then he went in this drawer open that up and he found this box. He opened it up and I never forget him knocking on my bunk going I'm going to find out who did this to me like what they do to you. And he goes look at this and like what is it and I knew it was shit. shrunken down from the 24 inches to like six inches. It just shrunk down when all the moisture goes out. It just shrunk down like fucking

I don't even know why I'm telling you that story. It's hilarious story. That's fucking crazy. It's a hilarious story.

These are fun times Joey Diaz. I think we're the last of the regular humans think we got our children's generation maybe one more after that and I really do believe it's over I think we're going to integrate with fucking computers I think we're real close to it now can even go whole podcast but looking at our fallen hose the time is it you know it's weird.

We're going to integrate with computers we're going to all be living in some weird world we got this fucking Virtual Reality thing here now the HTC Vive should try this thing out it was freaky THE FUCK OUT you think you're another place you there's zombie games and games where you're you're on top of a castle defending the castle shooting arrows down at monsters that are coming at you.

We're went into a weird world right now Joey Diaz computer that's too much information genre too. That's part of these things too much and from what listen on this thing I do not have social media good for you. You do know that I don't only have Twitter on it. Oh that social media I don't have Facebook I don't have nothing but that is social media. My bit my Hotmail Hotmail oh my gosh nobody even Pete When I tell people Hotmail they go What the fuck you talk so you limit your into your interaction? That's it. That's smart living my interaction on the road the iPad? No social media. I'm convinced we're gonna Blix and a writing app on my iPod. That's it. What do you use for writing app? Whatever app came with it writing whatever it has sections so I have Jones books. I have chapters this dad thoughts I'm working on is it notes? Is that what you write on? I don't know when it's because like they it looks like yellow paper. No, no, no, no, no notes I have on the phone right?

I write on here from time to time, but nothing too far, but you write it on something that's on your iPad. Yeah. So what I do is, I write on a notebook in the mornings. And then once I take the baby to whatever, I go to the coffee shop and transfer it if I really like it to the iPad, and I work on it from there. And then I look at the whole thing as a whole now instead of in a notebook, and I don't know my spelling, and I can't remember what that word was. The social media part is the big part of all this that I'm talking about is that we're just getting closer and closer to each other in some weird ways. This is gonna be nothing compared to the next wave, whatever the next wave is what they really do figure out a way to integrate either virtual reality or what they call an augmented reality. What you'll wear a pair of sunglasses, and you could have Google Maps sitting up on it. They can Google things you can see images give you navigation. It's gonna get real weird. Joey see Joe Rogan. I'm still a fan of life. Me too. And it bothers people. And it bothers me when somebody is not a fan of life, so I don't want them around me anymore. Who's not a fan of life? A lot of people we forgot. Really? We've forgotten. Yeah, too many cameras. Yeah, too many pictures. Too many videos. Listen, I was raised in a society. You don't see too many. really talk to me to find pictures of me as a young kid.

Really? Yeah, there's not a lot of pictures taken back to society where no one I came from a society would put the camera away. Right. Good. What's that for? This apart? The camera? Yeah. Why but but the camera? Well, we need more of that backstage. Right. Like my way. You know, we live you know, I'm a stern believe I don't like text messages. Not because I'm a prick or a douchebag. I want to hit Joe Rogan's voice. No, we've talked some people, I don't want to hear your fucking voice. I want to hear your voice. Because I know what you're thinking. If I hear your voice. It can I care about I care about you, too. So I want to hear your voice. I always tell people that I love that thing that you do. Like you don't want to have that. You're like my one friend. The only time I ever text you is if you text me first. Yeah, I'll text you back. But I call you we talk on the phone, you have to check in you have to have that you. You have to be as human this days. I don't have nothing on my books. You know, I don't want to do comedy. But guess what I'll do. I'll push myself. I'll be sure. And I'll push myself to go row. Because that's human contact.

And it's it's, it's it's the most positive human contact you'll ever have. Right?

Think about it. Yeah, you roll on the street. We're fighting about something. But me it knuckles and I grab your gear and I pull you into the fun and the fucking, that's his human time. So I know I'm not going to do this. And I'm not gonna do that. Tonight. I'm gonna rant a little bit. Maybe spend some time with the girls. Maybe I'm gonna take the girls for dinner. But I also know that I'm gonna make myself have that human contact of jujitsu. You all you gay Joey, you're just a closet fan. Because you're rolling with men. That's great. But I had human contact. I had an emotion. I shook hands with the guy. The guy sweat on me and I sweat on a man. Yeah. Which builds a certain type of emotion between two men. And then now I have to be homosexual. That's a different type of fucking man. It really is. It is when you stop what you're doing. And go Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Get the dog. And while you're teaching me something, I'm sweating on my fat fucking potato chip sweat is sweating on Joe Rogan's neck. But you're going Joey, grab my neck die. Ah, squeeze. There you go. Now do that to me next time. You know what that does to your psyche as a man

that a man that's beating you is teaching you how to let get out. So Joe, I got you in this guillotine but stick in there. Going You're sweating. And you're like

I'm Kai. Don't just put your hand in there one time. Just squeeze

the joe joe joe you fucking kill him and Jesus. That's a complete different part of a man. I think so too. I think that that your body like it's good for you. The human contact it also alleviates the tension of like men have tension that they might get into a physical altercation. You don't think that way if you do great you relaxed walking people are scared of vitamin D this society scared people of sunlight. You got to get on the sun a little bit that depression. This depression people talking about again? Turns out to be depressed. You know many times I've had opportunities to call you up and go I'm depressed. I get depressed for 10 fucking minutes right then I smoked this dude salutes and expired fucking Chiba Chu. And I think it's something that you said and I left my fucking ass off. You know, on the way up here I was high the fuck. And they used to be this guy that used to fuck me at a body shop as a detailer used to fuck me every day. couldn't beat him up. He's a lot bigger than I would

So how to use my mind. So I saw a dead mouse one day. I took his jacket pocket. And he was driving to work one morning and he went to his pocket for a cigarette. He found the mouse and he crashed his car

until we were at almost like four hours. All right, let's get

let's get the fuck out. I love you. Thank you very much for having me.

Val is sold out Utah's sold that I'm in Kansas City with you. I'm at the Improv while you're in the theater.

Gentlemen, and then I'm in Nashville in Huntsville, Alabama at the end. But besides that, I'm home. It was a pleasure seeing you look great. I love you to take your offer up and we'll train them we'll have Jamie

will come in. We'll do a cycle of the different cardiovascular machines. And then we'll do a circuit of the cardiovascular machines to do a circuit of like some kettlebell exercises. would do can you do chin ups? Do you do chin ups now has your shoulder terrible terrible. Okay. Have you ever done clubs? You've done club? Yes.

We sent me clubs. I did a little crane club workout. Friday. I'm gonna see my man Joe Schilling and shit beautiful little tune up from Uncle Joe. Beautiful, beautiful. A bunch of shit on here. We got Madison balls and yeah.

Have a nice workout. Okay, thank you so much. Come down here man. We could do that. What kind of usually get here. I know you dropped the girls off and then you shoot right over a lot of times. I come here early and workout but sometimes I can't do until the afternoon but we'll work something out. We'll do some shit. And thank you for the experience of Disneyland Jesus fucking Christ, bro. It's fun, right?

But just the way you told me to do it. Like I looked at it. My wife's like, what are you crazy? I go listen. The man says there's only one way to do it. I invited my brother Eddie. We had a great time with the kids. Yeah, heard it was awesome. Heard was awesome. And thank you, brother. Thank God for some place like Disneyland when you have kids when you when you didn't have kids who gives a fuck about Disneyland. But when you have kids, it's like, oh, I tell you they stopped me at the gate because they found them that you did tell me

to go back and throw it out and then I ate half of it and the guy goes I didn't see you.

I love you. Thank you.
