Wow, it's good to be back for the second visit.

It's good to be here, man. It's good to see you.

We've got Trump meeting with Kim Jong Un, we've

got the Cohen hearings in Congress, a lot of energy going on. Wow, things are happening. planets are aligned, we should tell everybody that you and I had well, first of all, we had a long conversation on the phone, which led to just a lot of talk. You were driving to Vegas a few weeks ago. And then we decided to do another podcast and we cleared the air on the phone, we decided to clear the air more on a podcast. There's a lot of things going on. I told you a long time ago that I would have you back on. And in the interest of being completely honest, there was I was hesitant to do it, not because it didn't want to talk to you. But because of just the amount of bullshit that I get from people to get angry that you and I are friends. You know that why give that guy a platform? That's the big one. Why give that guy a platform? That's the big one. You know, but you and I have always had a good time together. We've always had fun together. Our only problems have always been what we're not like, if you're talking about me, or if I'm talking about you, not if we're talking to each other. It's the distance has been the promise of telephone lack of communication. The lack of communication has been the problem. The thing that people are upset about you the thing that we wanted to talk about, like quick to get it over with or not not quick, but just to get it front up front. That's the best way misrepresented. Yes. Is the sandy hooks. Yes. Yeah. So your take on it. Just give me your take on it?

Well, first off, because it's always misrepresented. I believe mass shootings happen and they're real tragedies. And I believe Parkland happened.

And you believe Sandy Hook camp? Absolutely.

And now just last year, the media came out and said Alex Jones says Parkland didn't happen. And he sending people to Parkland parents houses, and there was no video no audio wasn't true. In fact, I said, I believe Parkland happened. So I'm not going to be the mass shooting denial guy. I have been branded as the Sandy Hook. I mean, imagine a Final Cut Pro video editing timeline. And you go back almost it was seven years ago. It's more than seven years now. And the Internet didn't believe some of the things about Sandy Hook. I started covering it weeks after my first articles and things are oh, this will be used for gun control. And I bet the guys on Prozac and a mental patient which he was, of course, in about two weeks into it, my listeners and others started sending me all these anomalies and things and later turned out some of those anomalies weren't accurate. And then I just moved on from it. Okay, I mean, I'm not animal, Lanza, I didn't kill those kids. But when I'm on the streets now, people don't know Adam Lanza is the guy that killed those kids. They think it's me. They say, I can't believe you're not in prison for what you did to Sandy Hook. All I know is Alex Jones Sandy Hook that kids show?

Well, I don't think that's I think the majority of them are angry because the narrative has been that you're sending people to the Sandy Hook families hosts homes. Exactly. And you and I never have that you're responsible for these people getting harassed. Because you said on your radio show that it wasn't real.

Yes, there is video and audio me saying I can see why people don't think it happened. And I can see how people think it's synthetic as there's been staged events before. That then gets edited, put together, cobbled together, but I never said go to people's houses. I never said go investigate. You ever say

that? You think it's not real? Yes, I did. But now you do think it's

real? Because I learned some of the anomalies are not accurate. That's a

problem with all this conspiracy shit, right? Because the conspiracy theory stuff, the people that want to believe they believe in conspiracies with everything. And I think there's a certain percent and we talked about this just a few minutes ago.

Yeah. When I started getting accused four years ago, a couple years into it. I should know, I think it happened. Then people that I had interviewed, and thanks for saying he's involved. He's one of them.

Because you are now saying that it happened. They thought that you had been compromised. Yes. And then I was realizing, Oh, this is where a certain percentage of people are schizophrenic. Exactly. And then they just think everything's a conspiracy. This is the thing about conspiracies. It's very attractive to people that are schizophrenic, schizophrenic, people think everything's a fucking conspiracy from top to bottom, every single interaction that people have is some sort of a stage event that's trying to take them down or control this or mind control that that's a big factor in a lot of this conspiracy theory, shit, his mental illness.

When I started, have people come to the office, saying that I'm Beau Bridges or that I'm Jeff Bridges, or that I am your Bill, Bill Hicks and people in restaurants screaming fu bill, we know it's you. It's kind of like Dan, rather than a guy threatening me and what's the signal and what's the signal? What I've experienced now the quote fame being super famous being a conspiracy guy, I was legitimately questioning things because of Gulf of Tonkin, Northwoods things that really happen, babies that weren't trying to incubators, you get a snare rack or, but I kind of realized a few years ago that I kind of had my own mild psychosis, in that when you've been lied to about the media and the culture so much over and over again, everything then starts becoming automatically your shirts fake, and then everything you see fits into that. This is probably gonna get four or five years ago, I began to realize because I was on the receiving end of people pulling up in white vans with guns in my office saying, I know you put a microchip in my head, and I'm gonna kill you. And so it was kind of like, once I got super famous, it was like, Whoa, there's a certain percentage of people that are way off on the spectrum, where they believe everything's fake. And there's people that believe everything that here is true. I mean, you should be you should be questioning, you should have the right to do it. But but it's somewhere in the middle. And so this is what I'll say about Sandy Hook. I legitimately questioned it when people brought up anomalies. I then had debates about it on both sides. The Internet pushed me to keep covering it, I probably covered it 20 times. In the first few years it happened. And then as soon as I questioned it, not being staged, I got attacked so much that I said, Screw it, smash shootings happen. I believe it happened, but then media would call me or interview me and say, okay, but tell us the anomalies of why you questioned they were getting me to say it again. Not that I'd have the right to question it. But they they thought Well, Alex Jones versus dead kids, Alex Jones denying and Alex Jones harassing families. This is a perfect way to get this guy who's so popular getting people to question and get people to think. So it took me years, I think I'm smartest I'm not to figure out what's going on. So when Hillary a few months before the election, gives us huge speech and says Alex Jones has a dark heart. He knows Sandy Hook kids died. But he says they didn't. And he sends people their houses. He's the worst guy in the world. So I came out and I said, Listen, I never sent anybody the houses but I apologize was taken out of context. People to write your question, but I am sorry for the families and I'm sorry for your hurt. And I get it and I've experienced crazy people now. Big time just like you have please stop saying that. I'm saying it didn't happen. Please stop saying I'm sending people to his house because here's what happens when they put it on. Every major TV channel, local TV channels radio, I mean 1000s of articles that didn't get syndicated. If I said 100,000 articles, that's a low number. The amount of Sandy Hook coverage against me has been showing stated so huge because it's supposed to be the first domino that once I'm taken down, then all the dominoes fall. Well, it's

also clickbait. There's also a thing if you say Alex Jones, Sandy Hook, and you put it in a title, a certain amount of people just kind of click on it. Alex Jones is still pushing a sandy hook conspiracy theories, one that I saw just two days ago.

Exactly. So so this is the point I've gotten to is here's the key. They then they say more people are showing up in in Connecticut, more people are coming to their houses, which they are. Because the media is all over the news saying there's a big conspiracy here. Alex Jones says it doesn't happen. And so people then hear it and they think, oh, you know, it's like looking for the mosque man or something. They're all running up there and the media saying and in my name, and I'm saying no, I believe it happened years ago. And so then I'm getting the blame and the attacks and the demonization and the threats for what the corporate media is saying over and over again, that I'm saying that it didn't happen. And

the families are getting the threats, and the families are getting the attacks and the families are getting called crisis actors. Yes. Something different.

Oh, my God, in hindsight, absolutely. But again, I legitimately didn't think my show was as powerful as it was. So that I wasn't retrospectively, you know, looking at everything I was doing as much as I should. Nobody's perfect me as you get older, you grow and you learn things. But I just began to realize about three years ago, that they're making my identity not being a nationalist, not being a populace, not being a free market guy. They're making my whole identity, Sandy Hook. And I didn't know they were

gonna sue me then Well, it's just because that's what gets clicks.

Yes. But then, but then before I ever got sued, I said, I believe Sandy Hook happened. That's not my identity. I barely ever covered it stop, right. But

you understand, that's not what they're doing. They're not trying to make his weakness, even worse, but they're not trying to make your identity. They're not trying to define you or do some sort of a document or biography on your life. They're just finding something that people want to pay attention to. This is one of the problems with with news coverage today is that they find things that people want to pay attention to, and they focus on them out of proportion. I agree.

And when they say that I'm making money off Sandy Hook, when when the newspapers and the publishing houses are using me as a way to put out that incendiary, hurtful thing. Well, to be hurtful. I didn't mean to be incendiary. I was legitimately questioning as the internet was asking a bunch of other stage stuff. And then I say, hey, take it back. Don't do it. And they go, No, we're going To commit this hurtful thing that's still free speech, but it's hurtful in your frickin name. And that's why I'm I'm not saying I'm the victim here. I'm saying stop it because everything to do about the platforming me the biggest frustration is I still have my huge audience at radio stations and infowars.com News wars.com. But reaching new people is very hard. And then now that I've been silenced, the mainstream media can say whatever they want Joe, about you about me and I can't respond. I mean, you go to YouTube and type in Alex Jones. Well, this is where the negative stuff and there's one that says white supremacy and Alex Jones and you click on it, it's a famous British actor and author saying Alex Jones says kill the families of Parkland parents and I'm actually have lawyers getting ready to follow suit over this. I warned the guy sent letters he didn't take it. Now I have to you can pull up this famous projector I forget I forget his name, you can pull up just just type in Alex Jones, YouTube, all the main steps put up on top. It's like the seventh or eighth link and it says Alex Jones and white supremacy what to do about it. And he says Alex Jones and the white supremacists are saying go to the people's houses at Parkland and kill the parents. And we have to take him off the air but he says kill the parents. There's no free speech for killing parents. And I'm like, Dude, do not say that. I'm gonna get killed. I mean, I am never said nobody died at Parkland. I sure as hell didn't say kill their parents. Let's Let's kill now. Can you talk about fake news, they have green lighted making anything you can imagine up about me. And and it's like, insane. And that's all I'm saying is is that at a certain point, it's like Jesus. Again,

let's let's take this step by step. I'm sorry. It's okay, this and this, I want to give you an opportunity to communicate and clear the air and talk. And some of the shit that you and I talked about earlier. There's a bunch of things going on one, there's, it's a story that attracts people's attention. Right? A story of a guy who's saying that people didn't get killed when they did get killed. And it's horrific for people to look at. It's horrific to people to think about that their own children who not only get murdered, but then someone would accuse them of being a crisis actor. So then they start pushing that story. And that story becomes something that they make money off of, which is really in some ways kind of ironic, they keep this story in the news, and they keep getting clicks off of you. And misrepresenting some of the things that you've said, Yes. And just some of the things that you said you wish you hadn't set up to like that's that's also real.

But But I mean, let's be clear. I'm not even defending myself. People learn stuff. As you get older hindsight, you're like, Well, why did I do that? Like I used to whatever was the big hot thing on the internet. I would just debate it, because it was interesting,

but this is what I wanted to get to you. You were doing the show. And in the show, you're on the air hours and hours a day, and you're ranting about all these various things. Is it fair to say that you weren't really 100%? aware of what kind of influence you were having? Absolutely. If you did know, you would have phrased things differently and done things differently.

You know, it's even beyond that. I was just younger, and and I was covering what other people were saying I was not the first the 10 100 the 10,000 you're reading about it on the internet was a firestorm all over the news that people are denying it. And I've got producers going hey, look at this video.

But isn't that the problem with every single national tragedy? Anytime something happens, there's a certain amount of people that think that there's a conspiracy, even when it's just a plane crash, even when it's just what fill in the blanks any sort of national exactly

at an All I'm saying is Sandy hooks up the hill on dying on i i support people's right to question and understand because there's been so much lying in corporate media and by governments, and staged events that are admitted declassified, that once people see that one thing was staged, then everything else must be staged. And then I have been on the receiving end of literally 1000s of made up conspiracies, which you laugh at until people on a truck with guns show up. Yeah. And so I understand. Part of this is the complex world we live in all the information we have more than ever. And a lot of it is all the drugs people that are on. And it's just a lot

of it schizophrenics. This is a big problem. A big one. I mean, we were talking about the certain percentage of the wordings half of Brazil has the EU has the brain worm that makes you basically psychotic. Well, it doesn't make you psychotic and risk taking crazy. It affects your judgment. This is toxic programs. You'd want to have more cats Malpass. Yes, well, it definitely does that to rats, it actually reprograms rats brains, makes them sexually attractive. There's a bunch of parasites. Yes, there's a bunch of them and there's some that probably haven't even been identified. That's where the whole crazy cat lady thing comes from. Yes, that's exactly what it is. It's one of the reasons why they tell women when they're pregnant to stay the fuck away from cat litter. Don't touch cat litter. Don't get on with cats. Yes. You mean it's it can be actually fatal for babies. But what I'm trying to do they said kill the damn cash. Well, I'm

sure there's a lot of factors there right cheap old wives tales were like, you get demon possessed by that cat. And it really it's a damn

brain worm. But that's probably also why they

that's a real brain worm programming you like you were saying earlier? It's true. Look, that's true. I didn't know that. At the top soccer teams have the highest level of brain worm infestation?

Well, it's there's a disproportionate amount of current people that live in countries where the high toxoplasmosis infection was successful soccer teams. There was some study that was done on that, where we had Doctor

women that are more sexually promiscuous. Yeah, that they just it's

yes, it's recklessness. Yes. And they think the men are more reckless. And that's why there's a disproportionate amount of motorcycle victims that test positive for toxoplasmosis. This is where the Robert Sapolsky out of Stanford University was telling.

Is there a way to remove? I don't think, I don't think there is. Well, you know, there's like snails that get a brain worm that programs are at the top of a tree. So birds eat it. Yeah. And then and then it's crapped out and the snails eat that and then go and it's a food cycle. Yes, yes. So how don't tell me in classic evolution, and then ultimately, the interpretation by by right wingers of the Bible, that's not what it says. I mean, obviously, evolution happens a bit quick jumps, but we know what's going on. But the idea that just there's worms, and there's all these different while the one that gets into grasshopper,

the aquatic worm gets inside of a grasshoppers body and gets the grasshopper to commit suicide, gets the grasshopper to jump into water and drown. And then it comes out of its body. And that's where it lives. It lives in the water. So it literally gets its host to commit.

So how did that chain of events? How does that evolve? where suddenly a worm gets in a grasshopper? And does something a supercomputer couldn't do it be programmed to drown itself?

Well, this is a matter of complex biology. I mean, it's I think it's insanely complex. And it's something that scientists are studying on a daily basis. Coming

up, because I'm gonna, I don't want you to talk about me all day. And I appreciate you having me on here to do it. And I know, I don't have a talking point. I don't have a PR firm. You know, we even talked before went on air about what am I going to? You know, I mean, Alex, what do you want to say today, so you can help me get it out? I don't know I'm alive. I want to say a bunch of things. I'm only learning how this works. Being in the process of it. And it's given me a much bigger view than I knew 23 years ago when I first got on here. Because I've experienced what other people have said the bad things I did experience. I did it from a good heart. I believe questioning was okay. I was covering other people questioning. But then there's a weird, sick irony in the media that says that. I'm the one that pregenerated Sandy Hook didn't happen when I wasn't to that in my name, popularize it to a level of like they put out more than before you invade a major country. I mean, this has been going on for years. Every day, the news, the print, no one died at Sandy Hook. Alex Jones says Alex Jones has gone to their houses and hurt them what the hell's it for it goes on and on. And on and on?

Well, you're thinking this because it's about you. So because it's about you, it becomes a primary point of focus, because it's affecting your life and something that you're concentrating on. But the volume is massive. It is volume is massive, because it's something that generates interest. This is part of the problem with the way we do news today. Anything that generates interest. I mean, if the, honestly, if the media really cared, they probably would have never talked about it. They probably would have never brought it up that we

had real terror attacks of the 60s and 70s that weren't staged. We go back and look at him like the weatherman and all that stuff. And the government in the media didn't cover it. While this is a long time ago. But they didn't cover because it gives. If you cover terrorists, they do it more, right. That's true. I was agreeing with you. Yeah.

Okay, that's true. That's in other countries, they don't print the name of mass shooters in the newspaper, because they don't want people to get attention for that. Mean, some different cultures want to say, I

genuinely I've known you 20 years or so it's like 9098 99 I genuinely, really am trying to find the truth. And I realized that once I saw a bunch of declassified staged events, like Northwoods, or like Gladio, or Gulf of Tonkin, Gulf of Tonkin, or Jesse Smollett, I mean, I couldn't help but I knew he'd probably show me the day after it happened. I said, the guy's got a noose around his neck at 2am in Chicago and Tupac

has a noose in Chicago who's walking around with a noose who even knows how to write who knows how to make a news. Like who and the

cops show up 40 something minutes later, and he's like the door with a noose around his neck. Yeah.

It's fake. Yeah, but

sue me destroy me by it's fake. I can't help it. But see, the problem is that's the that's where the psychosis comes in. Because if you if you're a little kid, is I've been read more about psychology, trying to understand this stuff. If you're a little kid, and somebody with red hair, beat you and tortured you A man with red hair. I'm just hypothetical. We're going to not like guys with red hair. So it's kind of like or if you've been lied to as a kid, let it that's what creates mental illness later, right? So we've been lied to by the media and the corporate system and seeing all these fake hoaxes and you know, the fake stuff about Cavanaugh and the fakes about the Covington kids and the fakes of a small et Cie. That's now the public actually, here's what's happened. I'm getting huge backlash and small it it's not, it's not anyone who's given you backlash. listservs and the public are like, hey, smile, it's fake. The Covington kids are fake. Balaji Ford, and most of these women said it was all fake. So why are you saying Sandy hooks real? Everything's fake. It's like, No, dude. Everything's not fake. That's what I'm saying is the differentials gone? And so yeah, there's a bunch of fake stuff. And we have a right to question. But now, now then, now, the general public, my fans believe everything's fake.

But let me stop you there. I'm ranting. I just think it's okay. I want you to read this. But this is this is the nature of the beast. This is what you're selling to a lot of these people. This is why they're tuning into you. They want to hear you uncover conspiracies. And some of them aren't as bright as others. And some of them can't see logic. They don't see it. They don't understand

legitimately questioning. I don't just think everything's fake. I

know you don't. Listen, I think if you never talked about Sandy Hook, you'd have no problems. I really do believe that. I believe there would be problems. I think people would look down on you and call you a right wing lunatic and all sorts of other things, which they don't even know when I knew you. When I first knew you. You were getting arrested for going after George Bush. I remember when George, you were not a right. One question. Amira. Well, you were you were asking him a pertinent question about the CFR and his dad's drugs. Yes, exactly. Exactly. And this was a guy that was running for President, as a Republican and you you were getting arrested by Iran Contra CEFR. by Paul point is you weren't you weren't a tie to a party. You were trying to find the truth. And I always

when I when I aligned with Trump. That's when all hell broke loose. Yeah.

Yeah, that was part of it. I think that was definitely Hillary

admits. She looked at my whole bio and said Sandy Hook hit him on that

right now. Uh, do you still communicate with Trump?

Not in a while. And I, it becomes a big issue. I mean, I obviously communicate with surrogates and people to talk to Trump. I mean, Don, Jr. was on Tucker Carlson last night, they were talking about me and saying what happened, he's wrong. And the fact that they've used me as the way to start to casual society, and then, and then I'm gonna imagine they're never supposed to block somebody from banking, if they have a good record, it's not fraud. Here's a little story. I had an A plus plus rating with my shopping cart, and bank accounts that I had for 22 years. And banks looked at it and said, we've quite frankly, never seen anybody with a credit rating this high, because you never even do chargebacks with our shopping cart.

If people do that, what does that mean? chargebacks. Point is we have the best credit there is

a group out of Boston, which I'm not going to mention here for your show with things but we're preparing litigation against who does the ratings to secret rating system for like Taliban al Qaeda, the mafia, that's that's given to bank executives. Two days before Pay Pal bandits. They put a hate designation on the Southern Poverty Law Center, saying I'm basically a terrorist. So they call you a hate personality. It means a terrorist in Interpol. So all over the western world. I am listed and we would send documents out of England and out of the US that we were sent this by high level bank of people that are freaked out, we make contacts lawyer checks that they can't believe it. They have designated me as an international terrorist. And that's how they took five of my six bank accounts and got me down to one bank account with perfect credit. Xiang, you cannot take money on your shopping cart and foursquare.com for your products, T shirts, books, whatever, you aren't allowed to be in commerce because you are a terrorist. And what

are they used to define terrorist?

Ah, it's classified symbols and we got some of the document H is hate. H is hate, and then just decide

arbitrarily that you're a hateful person that you promote hate. No

judge, no jury, it's the global Chinese social score. That's what they're all testing for here.

This is what we're talking about. That's very important. This is actually dangerous. This is actually dangerous to give people the ability to define people without any strict rigid qualifications without anything that you can point to on paper.

If I was a convicted murderer and got out of prison, I started online store and sell T shirts. But if I was Charlie Manson, he had like four TV specials on on on, you know, CBS on 60 minutes, and I was a kid I was Charlie Manson. I don't think

he was allowed to get paid. For those though. I think that was part of the thing because of he's involved in

well, we'll surely have laws on that. But the point is, he would do Geraldo Rivera shows. The point is Hitler basically was the number one thing on the History Channel when they first launched it, so you can hear what Hitler has to say. Even though we know he's a bad guy. Well, why can't you and Alex Jones has to say because they have found what I talked about as effective that gets people thinking and they want it shut down because we've We've relaunched populism Infowars has done this, my audience has 1776 worldwide populism, anti globalism, anti communism, anti China, and the big tech companies. Google and Apple and all of them have publicly moved to China. And they publicly agreed to censor and control the population isn't the news. And that's why Tim Cook got so mad at me. And I made a huge issue to Trump. And I shouldn't reports the president, I know he got that. That's what happened on that Sunday night, when they said, That's it, we're done with Jones, we have to take him down. Because I got investigations going at the national security level, sending big reports the president through law firms of Reuters, and AP, and then the articles, which he wasn't getting where China has given the code keys by Apple last year, and is moving their database there. And all the code keys have been given to the Chinese government. And Apple says it's just part of being there. And Google's building, dragonfly project helps them to the entire population, with a social credit score, they're already testing Venezuela with China, they're gonna bring it here and everything you do and live down will be controlled. And you know, all the big airlines now are putting cameras in that watch you while you're on, let

me stop you because you rent and again, that's okay. You think they're using Sandy Hook as an excuse to get you off the air and to censor you and to take away your ability to make income not because of that, but using that as an excuse, because of the other things you do? Oh, they like targeting things like Google and talking about things that you're talking about where they're in China and China's allow, they're allowing China to censor the population.

I'm just telling you, I'm not against Google or Apple. They've done a lot of cool things. I'm saying stop it. Congress told you 10 years ago, you were built here in the US with DARPA money, don't go help China do this stuff. Don't be evil. Well,

let me tell you something. Because I knew someone who worked at Google, I know someone who used to work at Google, I should say, their thought process was that Google is going if they don't bring Google to China in a censored form. They're gonna copy Google, this was their real, the real worry, because China copies everything. I mean, their intellectual copy, I'm gonna steal it better now. True. But this is what they're saying. We think about that job. But let me let me explain something from the point of view of Google as a business. And I don't necessarily, I'm not saying I agree with this, because I don't explore apple juice, get some apple juice in your system, fella. They were thinking, this is what I was talking to a woman who was a very high level executive. And she was saying that they're going to steal it. If we don't work with them. They're just going to steal Google and take the code and make their own version of it. So them as a business, they're like, this is inevitable, they're going to do it anyway. We're just going to give in to their censorship demands. I don't agree with it. I don't think it's a good idea. But I don't know what I would do. If I was Google. I'll tell them. You'll tell what I'll tell Google tissue. What should they do for China?

You're dead on what that person told you. When I had the globalist 15 years ago, 20 years ago, tried to buy me off 10 million a year, you know, whatever. By the way, cheers, cheers, bye. Anyway, when they did all that. When they did all that, what were they trying to do? Who was trying to lie? Oh, well, I can't get into their private meetings. And it's it's journalistic stuff on record. But everybody gets business offers. Like, Alex, you're going to influence things by being on the inside. If you don't join this, it helps save the planet and do all these big things. My dad got the same speech when he was in high school at UT Atlanta. Let me tell you about that. We'll get to that later. But if you don't join us, then the bad guys that are in the system are going to win. That's how they co opted because that's how those people you're talking to a probably pretty good person, that person at Google. They've had hundreds of their top engineers quit over this because here's the thing. China in 1949, was nationalist and anti capitalist. And our own CIA has been declassified, left us the Ford Foundation that was above the CIA helped put the chai cones and power. It took them decades to get running water and toilets. They have no environmental standards, no rules, they've had all of our investment. They've been built up because the Chinese Communist will do whatever the globalist want. When you go and you are in China, they make you become state run to get 0% tax corporate. Okay, that's what Trump's trying to lower ours just to be competitive. China has 0% corporate tax, look it up. Now. If you become state sponsored state run show, they're claiming Oh, so that China doesn't rape us of our technology, we're gonna go over there and spread our legs to them even more. So it's not a rape, we're willing, and we're going to take you along with us. So the idea that, well, if we don't give it to them, they're just gonna rip it off. So let us go really give them all the big secrets, and have Google last year tell the Pentagon, we're not going to help you with AI autonomous drones. But Google gave them all the latest AI and getting more sophisticated stuff at the moment. Gave them all the sophisticated AI and now China on the Officers they've got all these AI drones that are autonomous and all these AI weapons systems erector aircraft. So what I'm telling you is China has no rules. 20 years ago, they had cows that produce human milk. 20 years ago, they had spiders that produce body armor spider goats, okay? They have human animal hybrids. 30 years ago, they've got giant human tissue farms. You know, you hear oh, your Achilles is torn. We've got a grown a lab attendant. It's not a frickin 10 and grown a lab. It's a frickin deal, humanoid. These aren't humans. The way they get around it is they made him and when we're

when we're seeing so many things. This is listen, I love you to death. But you sent a million dollars. I believe they are. But you say so many different things without stopping. It's hard because

the reporting agencies so they'll listen to investigate. I'm decompartmentalize okay, but it will be studied for years.

So with

No, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Yes, Joe. It was in MIT quarterly 25 years ago that they had human animal embryos but they killed him at the embryonic level. I can look it up. I believe they've got humanoids. I

believe this they've been they look they've already use CRISPR to enhance children with higher intelligence. Yes. And shadow was actually it was a side effect. They believe intelligence HIV was something about HIV immune to HIV. Oh, yes.

Everything they were allowed has already been tested. Oh, I believe you, but it has an aim. So let me tell you what's really going on. The globalist want to play God. They have what they call a breakaway civilization. So instead, we saw that the breakaway civilization was about Sandy Hook, which I get I appreciate you letting me cover. And I'm sorry, it never happened. I believe that happened. I'm sorry for people's pain. And then I asked the families and I asked the lawyers and I asked them all stop in My name, saying I'm the wolf of the door, Shang go after these families, and stop running around to the news everywhere saying Alex Jones says Sandy Hook didn't happen. Because the media habits media is the most unpopular thing in the world with 7% approval rating and Gallup. So when they say that I say it's fake, that sends people to Connecticut, because people think the media lies. So if they're saying Alex Jones said it didn't happen, it must have not happened. And now they're trying to create a violent event, not the families, but I think some of the people involved know that they make a big enough hype about it. They're gonna have a big event up there in Connecticut, you understand? And they're gonna blame it on me. So I'm saying no, no, no, I believe it happened. Stop saying I said it didn't happen. And stop saying that. I'm saying no kids died. Because I want to talk about human animal hybrids and humanoids. Because Joe, why is it got to be a humanoid? Why? Because if you make it a few percentage points, another animal or another creature, it's a gray area, there's no human rights, you have an animal rights movement, you have a human rights movement. There's no alien movement. Aliens are real. They're creating human animal hybrids that are a new creature never here on Earth. It's alien. So the aliens are already here. AI is alien to the kind of mirrors or alien aliens are already here.

So you're saying they're making these human animal hybrids? So they would harvest tissue from them?

That's just level one.

What's level two? What's level eight?

Because a lot, I'll tell you a lot for the best of my knowledge. A lot of people think, oh, it's it's human harvesting a follow on Gong, are these Buddhists really healthy? That's big that's going on, because they still have a better non rejection rate. But with the Camira us, I remember 22 years ago, reading a BBC article that was kind of testing the waters they occasionally tested. And they go, oh, yeah, about 15 years ago, the first animal human kind of ears were made and tested, they were not brought to term. But some scientists want to implant them in utero in cows. Because that's a bigger uterus, you can grow up a bigger humanoid and get more tissue. And so then I went MapInfo research that. So I went to UT library at that time, you could get some of the internet like 9096. And I wouldn't actually pulled up all these MIT reports, I took them to my dad, other people whose doctor, and they go, Yeah, that's really crazy. And it was all about how we've got to prepare the public for this because we're going to be able to download their memories, and then put it into body. This is before Blade Runner. So see, it's not like this is the the world's on imitating Blade Runner, Blade Runner is a preparation for what's coming. And they're telling you more human than human, this is going to be more advanced, this is going to be better. But like everything, like a cell phone, or like a vaccine, it's got a Trojan horse, it's got a backdoor. It's already been tested, it's already been perfected. It's being rolled out. You're not given the real technology, you're not given the real life extension, you're given the crap Joe, and the earth is seen as like an egg yolk to give the propulsion power for this new thing that's going to be born. And whether you believe that or not just

like when the new thing meeting artificial intelligence beyond that

it's a function of artificial intelligence, and a whole synthesis of new life forms. So that's the big giant race when Elon Musk came in and told you because he goes these billionaire functions and he has a conscience so he's freaked out and they Got these billionaire functions don't just know this. I've talked to people and I was in Wired magazine 20 something years ago why the future doesn't need us Bill Joy, a billionaire co owner, Sun Microsystems. He goes to a billionaire meeting with two other guys. And the consensus was, we're not gonna people play video games and party all day, we're going to set up a world government, we're going to slowly titrate the dose employees in the public, dumbed down, put electromagnetic radiation out with 5g that scrambles their DNA lowers their IQ, we're going to cause massive mental illness and a controlled societal collapse that will then be organized and controlled in the Mapa crew by robots controlled by the globalist programmers who believe with the offworld entities they're in communication with that they're going to be given the operation to upload and be in that larger kind of Borg cube system. Okay, here. They sell the country

you got to hit the brakes because I need to take this back. So I'm so baffled. What's

one of these things?

Am I MIT Technology Review estimates that about 20 pregnancies of pig human or sheep human chimera as have been established during the last 12 months in the US total? I was in 2016. I 100% believe it? Look, I think that

this was going on in 1985. I'm sure they tried to recruit my dad to a DARPA program. I believe that in college that when he was a dentist,

I believe that I believe that they will take all sorts of liberties in great scientific research. I definitely believe you ever see Trinity and beyond but hold William Shatner on but let's let's start slow because you're

different packs and bombs trying to ignite the atmosphere. Yeah, and then I can 60s Oh, no, no, the US Air Force tried to destroy the atmosphere in 1968. Yes.

Operation Starfish Prime they actually take a nuclear product they adopted the detonated nuclear bomb in the upper on the blow up and ran on radiation. Yes, they've done a lot of goofy chips that's the thing that's why I got mad at you and I love you you're a smart guy and everything is listen you got mad and

all this stuff. I know you're even better at saying it and then you sit there because you can't handle it and you shake

it it's not that I can't handle it it's there's two factors one I don't have any time I don't have enough time to go into it as much as you do us

why flips out and got mad at you. That's it right there. You every time I bring up a fucking subject you know all about it. I don't know all about fucking know all about I don't know. Oh shit. You're a smart guy. Hi, Joe, Joe, just as a pot bullshit. You know exactly what you're doing. Don't think you're a bad guy. You're trying to survive for you and your family and do good. Okay, but your family, your family, none of us are gonna make it there's a post human error coming the breakaway civilization the deal has been made. It's not it's not the third dimension. They've made frickin deals with interdimensional aliens. Okay. And notice media never asked for that. Because that's the truth. Maybe this is true. I do not know this. And we'll get into it. Okay, I

do not know this. And even these human pig hybrids. Jamie just pulled this up. I believe it's true.

I mean, I'm worried about Amridge I'm sorry, the Sandy Hook kids died. My identity is not that I get it. They admit 5g and all the studies LA Times causes massive mutation and cancer. Wait a minute, when it really rattles your DNA apart? All of our kids are under attack. You mean, I'm mad at Trump for allowing 5g to come in? This is the new internet. You know, they will let China put in WaPo you know, Major? That's the big Chinese are on fire today. No. Gee, you're on fire. Oh, Joe. Joe, the 5g. You're on fire. Okay, fire. The article in 96. About human animal hybrids with pigs and cows. Yes, you got to make the park cow. So the cow keeps you doesn't reject it? Or pick. Okay, but let me expand and you know about pigs and rats were most closely related to this. It was chimpanzees. That's why a lot of the organs don't get rejected. Okay. You know about that?

Yes. Okay. So pigs are very close to humans even use pig organs and peas.

Usually whoever they show. No, it's true. I mean, you know, in a general knowledge, you know, everything I know. No, no, no, I

don't listen, let me tell you. This is literally

I wish we know what they're doing. So just like they say, just like they say, oh, yeah, we had human animal hybrids. This is like frickin 39 years ago now. 23 years ago. I'm reading in the BBC about it and go confirm a test. Okay, and they're just floating. There was an article in 1999 in the Baltimore Sun. And I interviewed Nick because you know, I got a boy who is his dad was a US congressman. I got killed his brother, US senator. He likes to have him on the show. They're the guys that got all the money given to Native Americans. Can you spell his last name? Beckett chips? It's good friend of mine. Can I get them on apps? A frickin will fly right now. Anyways, the point is, so what does he do? He was telling me all these years ago he goes Alex, it isn't chemicals in the food water. That's baggage chat. It's a gym. It's electrochemical. Okay, it's electrochemical but I'm reading in the Baltimore Sun after I just had him on I thought it was crazy. He's give me all these patents for mind control using wavelength Extra microwaves. And I'm sitting there looking at it, and I'm reading it. And I'm seeing it. And the Baltimore Sun says, The CIA is testing on cell towers, wavelengths to calm the public during crises. I just had baggage on with Patton's talking about that. What Beckett's explains is, it's not that the microwaves have somehow interfaced with the brain. We already interface with the space winds, and all these other magnetic fields, and everything else show they're all just testing this stuff. And so everything they deploy, they've got all these other technologies. My dad was at UT and 65, when he was in high school, they already had CD ROMs, computers, everything, but they had a nuclear reactor underneath the building and what folks tell them. Oh, absolutely. That's what I'm telling you. It's a breakaway civilization do we don't know what they got? We don't know. We don't know who they are. We don't know the whole thing. That's what I'm telling you is this is hiding in plain view. And that's why it's so crazy. Imagine if you knew all this, you're trying to tell people and they go, Oh, God, he's doing that find one thing he did that sounds mean, and make that his whole world. So that's what I'm telling you is it's been in the newspaper that the cell towers are being used for mind control. That sounds like a schizophrenic. So see, here's the here's what schizophrenia want to see that how do they use the cell towers? Hello, probably look, here's the thing, skits. Let's see, here's the deal. Right here. You got a total schizophrenic that thinks the son is following around town and thinks their dog is watching them and works for the aliens. That's not happening. You got someone over here. Someone over here that believes everything they see on Fox News? Yes. Okay. Yes. Now questioning is good. Science is good trying to figure out what's real. Yes. And all of us get freaked out the nature of the world. No one knows what the universe is. We don't have all the answers. So it kind of people can't handle that bigness. They can't handle that question, especially low IQ. So they have to differentiate and create a model that allows them to put it in boxes so they can make it makes sense, because they can't handle it. It's like a, like, let's say even top astronauts spacewalk for the first time and they're out in the universe, and the whole planets under him. And what are they going to do they it's mind blowing? Well, imagine once you realize we don't know everything we don't understand. And it's endless. And there's all this crazy crap, people go nuts. And as humans learn more and more, as we become more advanced over this metamorphosis, it's going to create a giant societal crisis, where most of the people are already going to get killed. The globalist understand that in the birth of this planet, this new species. And so they decided to take control, making scientific stun everyone and dial them down. So they can scientifically try to orderly carry this operation out. But then I go, Wait a minute, you're detonating over 100 hydrogen bombs in the upper atmosphere to see if you could ignite the atmosphere and destroy the Earth. Yeah, but that was in the 60s. I know. But what I'm telling you is the same professors train people.

But those people are dead, the people that detonated those hydrogen bombs in the 60s, they're dead now. That's not we're not dealing with the same human beings. I'm with you. I

know people in a lot of ways are more immoral. Now.

I think I agree with you in some ways that everything evolves and things get better. This is one of my arguments about Operation Northwoods that if they were able to push Operation Northwoods and get it signed by the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1962. Was it 62? Yes, if they were able to do that, and no one went to jail. No one got arrested for proposing that they were going to arm Cuban friendlies and have them bomb Guantanamo Bay and blow up a Cuban jetliner and and shoot people in the theater. Yes. And schools. Yes, that things evolve, things evolve. And if unchecked, and obviously that was unchecked. No one went to jail for that no one got,

you know, even PBS covered it like I never even knew this here. Let's

read this one here. The significance of the research, he explained is that although the cell phone power is low electromagnetic radiation can nevertheless have an effect on mental behavior when transmitting at the proper frequency. What is this article Jamie, scientific,

American, and Scientific American, it's titled mind control by cell phone.

So it really does have an effect. They did a whole study. Let's go further. So there is so what do you think that they're making this classified

last year? A 37 Page CIA manual from the 1970s where they were putting up cell towers that looked like trees already testing at neighborhoods, okay, the cell phone tracks you and watches you and controls you and surveil you, you think that it's one way but beyond that, it's a microwave relay relay system that can manipulate and then the towers are even more powerful. So this is a device given to us by the gods. Okay, given to us by the technology that that the breakaway government NASA has developed that you don't just think they made up themselves right.

What do you mean who do you think made it up?

Well, when you're ready to get to it, I want listeners to understand something I notice notice that God is not going to cover this. The meat is not what the cover that was on the show. They're not going to cover this the meat okay, because this is not my opinion. This is the real research that I have heard that that I I've talked to army generals, commanding generals, major generals, general generals, CIA, everybody, and they're all 100%. And I thought it was a psyop before and then I've researched and I've talked to hundreds of people now, not on air, but I'm gonna make a film on this, who've taken ayahuasca and DMT, I've not taken it, and B, for obvious reasons. And and it's unbelievable, because I mean, they 100% in San Francisco, is the main project site, literally have an alien base, and they are literally communicating. And they've got like astronaut level people, taking super hardcore levels of drugs, and going into meetings with these things and making intergalactic deals. And that and again, that's what the government believes it says they're doing. When

you say the government, that's a broad stroke, you're painting, you're using a broad brush, like what do you mean, by the

way? Rogue intelligence agents? Okay, so

what you're saying is essentially, that they're using psychedelic drugs to communicate with interdimensional beings. All right. Spirit guides, Okay, everyone, everyone who's done a high dose of psychedelic drugs has had this experience. So everyone who's listening to you right now, who's done DMT, or done five grams of psilocybin, they know that this is a you have some kind of communication with something else. The question is, is that something else inside your psyche? Or is that something else a chemical? Or is there a chemical doorway inside the mind that opens up in the belief is that when you die, that this is the what the afterlife is that when you die, your brain redeems, produces these chemicals, these chemicals open up this doorway, and this is the portal to the next dimension. So you're saying, you're saying that the government is aware of this, they must be aware of this? I've heard enough people talk about it, they must have done experiments on it. What is the universe for sure. And people that have the courage to experiment with these things and try them themselves realize that this is such a profound experience that it is, it's so alien, that if an alien landed right now in our parking lot, and a little gray man with big black eyes got out, it would be nothing compared to what I've seen on psychedelic trips? Well, let

me just tell you, me getting into this show is just because people need to understand that I don't know about this for a long time. And I just don't think people are ready for it. But a lot of folks who have low oxygen, and who and I hope brains, well, well who have sleep apnea, Big Macs, big heads, tongues go by, like you and me, you got out of 62% Oxygen. That's another time that the brain releases DMT show my whole life since I was about my first memories were every night was a DMT trip. So I basically I don't want this to sound arrogant. It's not I've seen everything. Well,

I believe that when you're dreaming, it's most likely the same chemicals that are being released. Well,

the key point is, when you go into the REM sleep, it opens the gate, which scientists have proven your brain is working in the fourth, fifth, sixth dimension. And if you can work into those dimensions, you can see beyond it so it's what I'm trying to tell you is this. I know you already know all this show your audience, here's what's happening. I'm not saying you're bad. I never said you were in the CIA. I say the CIA is on record with Timothy Leary, and everybody promoting hallucinogens. In the 60s, they admitted that it was a plan to try to see what it would do in the public to make them more suggestible. But there's a larger program, and then they kind of backed off because it kind of got out of control and actually created some some people that were actually fighting them so so it didn't have the effect. They want it. So then they moved on, to the Ayahuasca, the DMT that they promoted, which good strong people that have accomplished don't have problems with the weak minded, stupid people and others. Here's an example. This guy is smart. Eric, man, cow Mueller syndicated radio host I've known him like 15 years. He just lost me. Well, I'm gonna tell you the story. You said He's smart. He's a nice guy. I'm just kidding. He's a smart guy. Don't be me. I've

been on this show before. He likes he likes you. I like him to just walking around.

He will everybody's everybody's on this quest. And I told you, I've talked to like, 100 people. I've talked to more. A lot of people are going to do in these DMT and ayahuasca trips outside Austin. They're doing them all over the place. Yes. And I'm on the show. He's told me the same story. Everybody tells you about being in Peru or being Costa Rica. He went to two trips down there. And he said, Yeah, we're sitting there and we take the ayahuasca and then all these basically elves aliens come out of the woods and we're all seeing the same aliens. We're all hearing the same thing. And it's like 43 of us or whatever seeing and he goes, but it was the drugs effect on our brains. No, no, a drug everyone sees something different when you open a gate. And now inter dimensionally your brain is already filtering out most stuff because you can't handle it. Your eyes are already seeing it like a cat what it's like seeing something in our dog.

Well, you know, when they first identified, there's certain there's certain components to ayahuasca, and one of them is harming. And when they first identified it, they tried to call it telepathy and the reason why they call it telepathy and because when they were taking Ayahuasca they were in these group experiences that were undeniable they were they were experiencing like very vividly the same things.

And so the government's obviously obsessed with this and isn't worried about but here's

the problem. Here's the problem that that term the government are you talking about the post office No. Police officers I was talking with the fire department I'm talking about real ruling Technotronic But who are these people but I think the government is a shitty term. I know who they are. Okay, but that that term the problem with that term is it lumps you into like, know that Mel Gibson movie conspiracy theory was a wacky dude who's driving a cab believed in fucking tinfoil hat type she'd been tortured. Yes, exactly. be compartmentalized. Yes. But but that kind of stuff. When you say the government is doing it, like who is doing this? Who's working on these experiments? We don't have to say names. No, no, no, here's,

obviously you can maybe you want to say the governor, I'll tell you it's a broad brush. But you know, you're right. It's dumb to say the government. And the big question is Who runs things? That's a smart question.

That's the thing is the day when everybody says they don't want you to know Do you remember that fucking guy who is ripping people off like weight loss secrets that they don't want you to know Kevin Trudeau and they put him in jail for that. He's in jail right now cuz he won't give up the money because he's got a pile of cash somewhere. And he said he would do that they would they I think they said,

Kevin Trudeau I think is a con man. I've met him a few times. very manipulative, but I think he has a right to say healthcare cures or natural cures. I don't know about.

There are some there are some but the point is they don't look I have some love in my heart for Kevin Trudeau because he started the international pool tour. He was he was putting a lot of money into professional

cool, yeah, but I mean, the oxycontin company, the documents came out. She said, We're gonna totally addict people, and then we're going to show them drugs to get off of it. Yes, that's pure frickin. So lock up. And then we'll get to Kevin Trudeau later I agree with and I'm not even defending him today, because I met with Evergreen a few times. I know about him. And it was like he was 100% about him and a one way street.

Well, I didn't get that experience with him with me and him just talked about pool. I was doing some stuff with him. When he was first starting the pool tour, I came to a couple of his events. But he that they this thing

is like you always have a good way of asking questions instead of saying who runs it? All right. You wait till I do the cliche, the government and you correct me. And

what I'm doing is playing devil's advocate. And I'm also looking at it from the perspective

of our students or our editor. Okay, let's let Johnny come to No, no, no, no, not yet.

Do you want him to come at two instead of one?

Whenever you want. I'm gonna text. Let me let me try to be clear. I'm having a good time with you. I just want to be clear, I can't say all have this on here. Okay. Okay. And I'm gonna leave it at that. But I'm on record 20 years ago, before anybody else was talking about the clockwork elves. And now the globalist think they're in touch with these entities and things, only because I don't want to get I'm not the CIA. The CIA is bigger than Coca Cola. It's and it's like bigger than Walmart. I've never been an intelligence agency. I've never been a part of any of this stuff. But I had family that was in advanced DARPA research projects that I don't know all the details about. And when I was a kid, my dad told me about some of it not knowing I'd be a talk show Slayer. But like when the Deputy Director of the CIA told he came to my dad, okay, show my dad was like the doctor to you know, these guys. And I remember sitting on the kitchen table, and I'm like, seven, he's like, Carol, I can't tell you all about it. But it's a classified program in Maryland and underground base, and they won't give me all the details, but it's double the money I'm making. Now this is for national security. But I think it's basically, you know, we're gonna we're building cyborgs. And we've got special forces that have volunteered, we can infiltrate the Russians and get to codes and systems and I believe it's implanting, but messages in their teeth. And I and I also think as I do implants, I think it's a brain surgery program for microchips. And so I'm hearing about Carol's like, David, I'm sick of these people. And you've already done so much for the government. And look what they've already done to you and a man my my brother, you're not going to be you know, I want you out of this. So this is like, you know, seven, eight years old, you're not hearing about that. You're hearing about the cyborgs. Okay. Okay, so So that's the kind of stuff that I grew up seeing. And, you know, oh, let's go get your uncle. He's coming off a C 130. You know, Army day and an army uniform from Guatemala. You know, there's like armed guys with machine guns. I mean, I don't know. Okay. And I don't need to know. Okay, the point is, is that's what I grew up, you know, the type of stuff I saw. And my dad never told me about All this stuff when I was older till it was like 12 years ago, and I was finishing in game blueprint for global enslavement, that's free still online. And it's all about the World Government and now the cell phones watching you and everything's, everything's proven in it, it didn't come true was already true. And the plan for one world government and don't have kids and all that and attack on the family. And we're gonna go to ballet recital for like my three year old daughter, she's like 14 now or whatever. And they sit down for like an hour and watch the end of the film's three hour film. And my mom goes, tape it, that's not true. He goes, Yes, it's all true. When I was in junior in high school, they recruited me out of the program there. And they brought us in, they said the Nazis were wrong, because they were only targeting certain groups. We're gonna target everybody. And so planetary breakaway and World Government and blah, blah, blah, there's a nuclear reactor under UT. And also stuff, which later when research is actually true. It's not even hidden. But the point is, it's not that my dad was even that special. They my dad was like, the score like the six smartest in Texas. And they had a group of less than 10 kids. And they brought him in as juniors in high school and said, we're going to do all this, like they recruited him because I want to be a NASA that's why more than NASA. Sure. So when Eddie gets in here, because Because Eddie's right, NASA has a big secret group. It's the other side of the breakaway government. There's the CIA breakaway government. 1947. And there's Kennedy setting up nasa 1961. So there are two different competing breakaway governments and those are the real governments of the US when you say by breakaway governments, what do you mean? Breakaway governments breakaway civilizations. It's the real groups that are like the cult, you say, Who are they? They're scientists, cults who are based on your psychic ability and on your IQ, and then on your commitment to the program. And so the program starts with when you go and check black people with syphilis for a greater cause. Or will you do research programs on babies where we tell poor women that oh, your baby died right when they were born early to keep the baby alive and sometimes kill them sometimes harvest them sometimes do experiments on it. So that's why they've got a lot of nurses have noticed now that babies disappear at birth. They tell them oh, your baby died. That's why the governor said who's actually organ harvesting, doctor. He goes, we keep the babies in love every bone, have a discussion. They are getting caught now because we'd be compartmentalized. Waiting when

I'm confused. What you're seeing just never ends. Yeah. What do you say about babies? Like what are they doing with babies?

You saw the governor of Virginia che we keep babies alive after they're born and kill them. Right?

Well, I didn't see them comfortable. I am very, very concerned with late term abortions.

Post birth Joe, do you understand post birth how much money do you think they get? With a seven and a half pound baby they can keep alive for two weeks and mom and dad know so if they can register the organs and get betters boy to me your DNA can make 500,000 When they kill on the spot only gets 50

grand but he was saying that they take the baby from the mother and the mother doesn't know that the baby is alive.

Yeah, you know how they engineer tomatoes the last on the shelf? Yes. You can pull all this up. California has passed it. Assuming Virginia. Virginia is about to pass in New York trying to pass it California trying to pass in three other states trying to pass it to keep babies alive and allow notice the governor goes we don't want this three minute clip pulled up. We don't want the government involved the doctors and the mother who's drugged up didn't say that. We're gonna decide about the future and maybe she keeps maybe alive a week. Maybe she sad to get rid of baby.

Wait a minute, is this a viable baby there's nothing wrong with this baby viable

the Senate voted three days ago on Monday to not pass the bill for post birth abortion to not kill livable post. Bernie says viable babies already born can be killed. If the bioethics for I bet you 10 million is probably up, Jamie, we gotta figure it I know the listeners won't believe me

when she posts about this, but it says that he did. It's been taken out of context

is that Media Matters. Snopes. Huffington

Post says that Snopes says it's mostly false.

Huffington Snopes said, well,

once you do this shaming, sort, Jamie, go to YouTube, go to the source of the governor. Go to YouTube and type in governor of Virginia talks about post birth abortion. Watch the unedited three minute video How do you call it abortion if

it's already been born? Well, that's what Trump said.

He said. He said a month ago when this first broke, he said I see the left is so compartmentalized. I'm not saying you're the left mainstream media, whatever. We're so censored now. They're making their move right now. Who's they? The globalist technocracy, the mad scientist, the guys that are wanting to learn the secrets the universe is probably already saying.

So what you're saying is a lot of this censorship

of one mill I don't have 10 million. I will give before God and country to Jamie's say, I'm not kidding. I will give $1 million to your charity of choice. Wow, no, no, listen to me, the children. I will give you $1 million. If you can prove that I'm making up that the governor said we keep babies alive after they're born, we keep them comfortable. And then it turns out he's an organ harvesting thing. And that's what they're doing. So they keep babies alive. Don't go to Snopes go to the governor, go to the governor of Virginia. And that's why they went ahead and Bernie for the black face, but they're using the blackmailing. They aren't that same guy. Yeah, same guy. As soon as he sadly, as soon as Trump and we all covered it. As soon as he tweeted. He said, Yes, we're getting rid of babies after they're already born.

You don't want to know already figured out what George Soros is putting in it right.

Now, I mean, oversimplify that immediately. I know.

I know. I

said they've weaponized marijuana into an hallucinogen category. So it causes more schizophrenia.

I think it does. I said that tears gonna coordinate Yeah, I think it does.

People I love friends who are already susceptible. Yes. And the weed so strong that they start thinking that I'm wearing swastika shoes.

No, listen, I agree with you on that. I mean, I think I've sent

Alpha types needed to not have a heart attack. Well, I don't know if I need

to smoke pot with you in that in that bathroom shooting a video like as a joke like 20 years ago. Yeah. Then I said it makes me paranoid. Yeah, that was funny. Joe the only time we were wearing fucking George Bush and George Bush Senior Master dancing around the Capitol. Fun times devalue the paste in the song that you wrote you at that fucking song about it.

Jamie, Jamie, this is I will give $1 million. You don't have to give any money. But will I believe you I just want a little bit. I have skin in the game. I can pull it up on my phone.

I believe you. I mean, he's gonna find it. We'll listen to it. You don't have to we're listening to you.

And then he uses these arguments. He uses these arguments. He does well, sometimes maybe. Sometimes the baby is the phone. No, they want the organs. And so who saw the Planned Parenthood videos out of Texas in California, two years ago that Project Veritas others got where they're saying I'm getting a yellow Ferrari. Man, I'm making hundreds of 1000s off each baby week with partial birth. They keep the baby alive. They take it in the bag. And then they have a van pull up that takes it to a Chinese government run facility in the US and they got the soccer this

listen to this. After birth abort this. Is this. Alex? Yeah. Okay to hearing

yesterday when Fairfax County delegate Kathy Tran made her case for lifting restrictions on third trimester abortions as well as other restrictions now in place. And she was pressed by a Republican delegate about whether her bill would permit an abortion even as a woman is essentially dilating, ready to give birth. And she answered that it would permit an abortion at that stage of labor. Do you support her measure and explain her answer?

Yeah, and I, you know, I wasn't there. Julie, and I certainly can't speak for delegate Tran. But I will tell you, one. First thing I would say this is why decisions such as this should be made by providers, physicians, and the mothers and fathers involved.

Notice he's usurping law, their whole plan is bioethics in a minute, let

them live. It's only to

mothers and fathers that are involved. There are you know, when we talk about third trimester abortions, these are done with the consent of obviously the mother of with the consent of the physicians more than one physician, by the way. And it's done in cases where there may be severe deformities, there may be a fetus that's non viable. So in this particular example, if a mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen. The infant would be delivered, the infant would be kept comfortable. The infant would be resuscitated, if that's what the mother and the family desired. And then a discussion would ensue between the physicians and the mother. So So I think this was really blown out of proportion. But again, we want the government not to be involved in these types of decisions. We want the decision to be made by the mothers and their providers. And this is why, Julie that legislators, most of whom are men, by the way shouldn't be telling a woman what she should and shouldn't be doing with her body. And

do you think multiple physicians should have to weigh in as is currently required? She's trying to lift that requirement?

Well, I think it's always good to get a second opinion and for at least two providers to be involved in that decision, because these decisions shouldn't be taken lightly. And, and so you know, I would certainly support more than one provider. All right, let's go back to the phone. Wow, that's

a weird thing that she just kind of let him say,

like to the rough start.

But hold on a second. It's what's weird is that the she was they were talking about resuscitating the baby, they would keep the baby alive, then the decision would be made. Isn't that that's like euthanasia. Like you can't get a grant. Well, you're

so smart gentlemen, because

you're asked, but you can't do that to your Grammy. Right, your Grammys, like 80 years old, you can't you can't just kill her. Well,

Newsweek cover the case for killing or any they say that. So let me explain. Now you've got it. Did you hear that legalese? Turns out when I saw that clip a month ago, because they had a debate about the bill, right? And they said, Yeah, we'll kill babies after they're born. And they're debatable how how far along? Well, whatever the doctors say. But it's jurisprudence, there's law, you can't do that. So this is saying, Oh, the government not involved. This is the medical system usurping if they can kill a baby after it's born. Because sometimes they deformed you don't see that sometimes the phone. Here's the key. Notice, he said we resuscitate. They don't consider you alive till the bioethics board says that you're a viable human. And under the bioethics in Europe and of the UN now, which is all Nazi by the way, the EU was set up by the Nazis. Volkswagen, I'm not against Volkswagen itself, but that that was literally drawn the first of all affected by Hitler out at the Olympic symbol. I mean, Hitler was a really bad dude. But he literally so much of our world's government, him, NASA, everything. They had a system where they first killed babies, they thought were deformed. That was 1934. And the final solution happened like six, seven years later. And so he's saying, because they've got a big problem. They've got undercover videos, they're keeping babies alive. You want to pull those up, I might be missing. There's dozens. So they've got to start getting it going now with Governor physicians and people to go because the nurses are freaking out. And they're saying we're keeping babies alive. And they get put in the van and drive away what's going on there. To come to show the babies worth $500,000, who's paying in the chain of delivery, just on time delivery. I mean, each organ is worth a lot of money. And so but but if you kill them right on the spot, they're like, why are we wasting this seven pounds of meat. So see if they can keep them alive. And now they've built these new wings. They've built new eggs, I can ship hot, but they have wings. Where they go, Oh, we consider the baby dead. The mother decided it didn't live. If she decides we resuscitate and it lives. But it didn't resuscitate its flesh. It's illegal ease. It's passed into a special ward with doctors that make a few million a year. And a little, little flesh ball is kept alive and comfortable. Until all the orders come in the planes land and they take the organs. Then they take the blood and they take the skin Joe. You see our word. Now you know with his voice No, no but see is a southern love and voice. You see my dad knew organ harvesters in Dallas. And he said don't sign your organ donor card. They've got corrupt hospitals where if you're totally viable, they take your organs Oh geez. And then I said Dad you're crazy but didn't say that organ donor card. And then my dad owned a hospital to indels then when I was deck a decade later at my grandparents house for my grandpa dad watch the 60 minutes and it was Dallas, Texas and Chicago caught killing people that were viable to take their organs tonight the 60 minutes expos day, and it was a frequent hospital my dad told me about Jesus Christ. So Joe, that's what I'm telling you is were you at the kitchen table when you were eight hearing about cyborgs. T That's why I know about this. My dad never got fully into it. He decided to get out of it. And he decided to get out of it.

He decided you're legitimately freaking me the fuck out. Joe, I will I will let you know the problem is some of it makes sense. Because people figure out a way to rationalize a lot of things and if you see a guy is mangled of the cracks and it's but he's still alive. And you know, you could sell the broken

egg and say five love. Yeah, can double.

Yeah. I mean, Joe. The thing is, how many people would have to be involved for that to be real Joe?

I can show you guys right 15 videos of Planned Parenthood workers laughing saying I made a million bucks yesterday last year. It's incredible. If we can just keep them alive longer. We'll get 10 times the money. We're only getting 50 grand per baby because we got to kill them before they leave the building. The mother doesn't know they're they talk her into it. Oh ma'am. You're three months pregnant. Oh, the baby might have a problem might have a heart murmur. Oh, the ultrasound Oh yeah. And then they get the you're sure you're gonna get this is truth. Yeah, they Then keep it alive, but only a few hours. And they gotta get planes coming in advance and they don't get the full price because they can't put it on the auctions. They've got digital corporate auctions. Look us up for Oregon.

Let me let me bring something up to you. I had this guy on yesterday, this guy who wrote this book, l Narcos name was Yuan Grillo. And he's, he's an investigative journalist who lives in Mexico. And he studies the cartels, they show organs. And what what this is one of the things he was saying was that they, they get these people used to killing and they were getting these kids and having these kids kill at a young age and dismember people. And they were doing it to get the fear out of their body. So there's one guy who they had a nickname for him Tyson, he would he was a cop. But he was also in charge of hiring these little kids and training these little kids to be assassins and he would teach them how to dismember people and he was going into it and all the things they did and all the beheadings that they did, he was saying that they try to that in certain certain groups of people when they have this organization, they try to get them used to horrific acts. Well, it's

called the c min of blood. And that's Heinrich Himmler term, head of the SS is that the SS is yo Hitler had about seven years for lunch, the war show he got like 12 year olds ready for war. And they would get him like having fun and swimming and working out at boxing. And then they would like when they're like 15 Give a super hot Hooker and then give them drugs. LSD to get discovered Switzerland Hitler was put them on DMT everything. And they would then have these religious experiences and say you're invincible. You're Superman. This is all been declassified, but it said more esoteric writings. And so they would get them all wound up and then to graduate as an SS officer after you'd had a dog like five years you had to strangle your German Shepherd. Yeah,

that was my friend Ari, his dad was in the Israeli Special Forces are one of those one brandwood You remember what branch was one branch of the Israeli military and they had to kill a kid and

Jews are just like anybody else. There's good people. There's bad people. But yeah, Israel because they got so scared by the Nazis. And a lot of sickening ways. It's kind of copied a lot of it. And by the way, the palace was trying to kill them blow them up. I'm not even. My point is is that the Nazis got evil down so much that like we brought 34,000 into run NASA, the running universities, Operation Paperclip, everybody wanted Nazis. They were lying. They were like winning the lottery. Yeah. Because they were all robots will do whatever they were taught.

Well, Wernher von Braun was had an absolutely, yeah. So yeah, and he was a Nazi

show show show. What would happen was first they gave him shacks, they gave him power, they would really press room. He had to go through things. And then they would basically, you know, just conditioned them to do whatever they were told. And they call it the cement of blood. Because then it's just like satanic cult say, you know, kill your dog. I mean, I remember when I was growing up in Rockwall, Texas, I ran into like a satanic call. I was like, God, this girl's a senior in high school super hot. I'm in, I'm in, I'm in. I'm in ninth grade. And like, she's picking me up in a Mercedes and I'm taking me some mansion. The sex with her is incredible. And I'm walking out of the house. Because I was like, I was about 16 When I was 13. And the dad goes you like screw my daughter. I screw her to just as soon as you join us, we love Lucifer. You get all the whatever you want, boy, because we want you. But But really? Oh, yeah. But that's still Yeah, but I've had incredible life. Look at it now. But the point is, is that Oh, tell you're in LA, you know, but all this. But the point is, there's no battle that the point is, is that then the Satanist because I never really got to say this. They said, well, they said, Well, what do you want, because I don't want to be they want you to kill your dog. Well, and so the point is, is that now all these years later, kill a loving thing that serves you cares about you as interface. Dogs are very psychic, your psychic buffers, dogs are able to like interface with you. And they want you to take something that's ready to die for you. And they want you to kill that that's like killing a child. A dog is very similar a child, very spiritual, very holy. And a very good dog will take on its masters or it can be evil. But John is totally spoiled. Oh my god service. People need to know about all this. And this is what's going on. And this is what's happening and show so they want to submit a blood is they get people in a group, and they get him to do horrible evil things during peer pressure. And then they create the synthesis get to know the darker elements of the criminal networks that are inside our government are actually running Mexico as a laboratory test. Because they know Native Americans are taking Americans aren't gung ho and they're tough. And they're raid height. And I'm you know, I'm part Native American law like 6% Comanche, and you know, a Texas and just that little bit makes me wild. And so they can get them because they're powerful, they're smart. They're neat, they're cool, but genetically, they go into groupthink really, really fast. And so Native Americans, you can mind control really fast. Hmm. Why is that? Well, it's like Vietnam. I mean, you know the Bering Land straighten up. So they test the genetics of Mesoamerica is is basically Chinese. Or Han because there was always some whites and Vikings even 10,000 years ago in the area. But like nobody, like in fights like in Korea fighting the Chinese. That's what we're really fighting there Vietnam. Do you think? I mean, they're like, they're conscious and real people. But when they get into a fight, they all sync up. And a robot should have no fear about psychotic killers you're fighting. And so Asians are by about the most fearless killers that are like the Mongols, any of them. I mean, once Asians go to war, it's like they do now there, it's, in fact, they're not even crazed going wild in a battle. They're like robots coming to kill you. And so you

think that's from Do you think that's from their heritage of war that they have a long like, like, if you think about Japan, Japan has a long history of being a noble warrior culture with the samurais. And

well, it's the martial from the nobility. It's the genetics, right? But kinetics is what creates that yo, it's like 500 of you load in planes.

I'm saying I mean, what I'm saying is think about a place like Japan were so much martial arts came from kendo sword fighting karate above a bunch of different branches of karate, judo, Jiu Jitsu, Japan, all that stuff came from Japan. I mean, that that that is a group of people that were obsessed with combat. I mean, they they figured out a ruling class was well, not just that the soldiers and even the civilian.

No, no, I agree. But the ruling class was samurai. Yes. shoguns. The

ruling class was a shoguns, right. And when you think about what a small place Japan is, and how stunning it is that so much innovation, especially in terms of like,

I don't get into bell curve, because you've got black people that are smart as any white person. And then you've got black people that are way better at sports, whatever it is, there are genetic differences. When you've got the head of a former, it was cold springs Harbor, Watson comes out says blacks aren't human, all that BS. That's just the racist crap. It's in the government. But it's true that northern some groups are Northern Europeans. And then the Japanese on average, per capita have the highest IQ. And so they're they're Japanese. And then there are some northern Europeans that have the highest IQs. But then you can get into like, say Jews have very high IQs. On average, European Jews have extraordinary high levels of social winners. It's a bunch of so there's not just one type of intelligence. Yeah, for

sure. Yeah. Well, there's, there's I mean, there's tests that you can run in terms of mathematics, but there's no real tests, you can run in terms of social,

psychic connectivity, they've proven that DNA is a transceiver. And so my skill is, that's why I'm usually kind of like, almost autistic is I'm just being constantly like everything's going on. But then of actually focus in I can, like, figure out the exact enemy operation. That's why they're really pissed. They people that are Jewish, that are German, or Chinese, or Japanese that are Italian that are Mexican people, that either through fear or whatever, get into dark side, light side, get into don't get people the knowledge, control, the people, dumb them down, dominate them, because they're only rocket fuel for you to go to the next level. You know, what's

interesting about this, not that you're right or wrong. What's interesting is how many people resist the idea that it's possible for someone to try to control everybody. And if you just go back in history, just you know, go back to World War Two, and how Hitler controlled Germany and they tell

you, no one's trying to control you. But that's all that's going on.

But that one is a particularly fantastic one. Because it was a culture that came out of a bad time, right? They out of World War One, and their training. And this guy offered them pride in being German he offered them this, this idea of a master race to master race is a crazy idea. Because if you look

at the black Israelites, are you looking at it at loraas? Or Metro? Are you looking at some of the right wing Jewish groups? Every the Chinese every group says what the Master? Yeah,

well, sure. But I mean, how many have tried to engineer it the way Hitler did? That's what's really crazy. I know

exactly the reason the reason the globalists, if you want to, you want to get the secret. But I'm saying,

well, Hitler's secret Hold on a second. What I'm saying is that it is amazing that there is a guy who has this idea of a master race. And if you were all but people rejected it worldwide, it was one of the most evil aspects of who he was. That's really interesting to me, that people rejected it, because they knew it was like an improper calculation generally rejected the idea. Other elites tried to duplicate it. It was an improper calculation. The calculation was the only way to get people to get you want to get a master race, you have to have mastered genetics, but it didn't take into account was compassion. It didn't take into account what's necessary to have a real healthy community. That was a slow fuck a quick flash community because everybody was like hyper focused on the nation. To have a real long term community you have to have come Passion. You have to have camaraderie. And there's going to be people who

use the leftist compassion when they support China and Samsung and you know you're wearing the left

cell Oh, compassion, right? We can't hurt anyone's feelings. We're helping the rest fall on gang and sell their organs that we're Google. Doc

to me. You're right. You're right. The left has giant flaws. It has giant flaws in its ridiculous

identity. No, I'm against war. I am too. And so now you see national studies show this Gallup poll. Democrats now support war more than Republicans.

But this is about what this is about pulling out of Syria

trying to get denuclearize, and everybody's loving it in South Korea, Japan, and North Korea, and he's actually got a lot fire missiles to destroy nuclear real,

the real problem. There's a real problem. People not being able to say that anything that Trump does is good. If a Democrat

was doing what Trump was doing on some issues, I disagree with some, I would support them. I don't give a damn what their D are, are. Well, and so and so then Trump got rid of the he's getting rid of the minimum sentences. I mean, Hillary Clinton, you know, oh, God, I saw this the other day, I don't know I'm ranting. But I was watching. I forget through the top Democrat was they were on CNN, and I'm gonna play the clip of my show, and I didn't do it. And they and they go, they go, they go. President Trump thinks blacks. Yeah, the clip was CNN, CNN says Trump thinks blacks are stupid. And it was a CNN panel going. Trump says blacks are super predators, who has to be brought to heel. And Joe. That's Hillary Clinton. 1994 She passed the Crime Act. That's her quote. So they're inverting reality, knowing our talking point, if she did that, and we have the video type, and Hillary says blacks are super predators. Say said Trump did it. It's not about Trump. It's that he didn't do that. Okay,

but let's get back to what we were trying to say was that if you if he does anything good, no one can accept it because he's on the wrong team. That's part of the problem with what's going on. It's part of the problem with people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the left, and people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the right, is that we get on a team, and that the people that are on the left, they can't admit if the economy is going well, they can't admit. I think

they will Bill Maher said, Let's crash the economy. Well,

I don't know. You know, I listen. I've been on his show before. And I talked to him once we did a show together once with Craig,

nobody can lie and say that he's not very talented and and that he's tight. He's more truthful than most leftists. He says, I want abortion. I want death. In Iowa. He's

a comic. I'm telling you, man, the shit that he's saying. He's only saying because he thinks it'll work. And I'll just show with his Why would he

ever gotten on about me? I

don't know, man, you'd have to talk to him. But what I'm saying is when he starts to talk, like people are saying, oh, Bill Maher is mocking the red states. He's doing a bit. He's doing a bit like he thought was funny in that, that's all it is. Like, if you if you've talked to him about his legitimate opinions. He's capable of having a conversation about legitimate opinions. But

I agree, but you can disagree or agree on that point. But when you say that the red states want to be the blue states, the Democratic show the opposite, I think is

just a joke. I really do. I don't think even means it. I mean, if he does mean it, I disagree with them. But let

me let me let me let me ask you on this and I'm not saying you're wrong, okay? Because everything I've learned is great. There's, there's mixtures of everything. Yes. And that's kind of the next fodder for the last thought but but the point is, is that is that

what we're saying was that he was doing a joke about the red states wishing that they were the blue states and you were saying that that's wrong? And I was saying he's just fucking around. He's like, prati That's it. That's it.

Maybe mainstream news is dead. It has very low ratings. I mean, went down to almost nothing and they go oh, ratings are up in the Trump Era like a dead cat bounce. It's like 10% of what it used to be 15 million viewers now the top CNN shows a million. So we're looking at that. This is the future this is the this is the this is where the people are real things not scripted. No teleprompter is there's no teleprompter here. This is real. And so they get up on television. I'm literally having Alzheimer's. What was the point again?

We were talking about Jesus Christ. One problem.

Here's the here's the problem with no teleprompter. I am literally, I literally tell you what's in my brain. Just like my truth doesn't mean I'm accurate. It doesn't mean I'm perfect. It means I'm telling you what I really thought oh, looking around. I know what it is. No one's watching mainstream news. No one's watching mainstream news. But let me tell you what they are watching the big five. The nightly comic shows and Comedy Central shows the Daily Show, Trevor Noah, Stephen Colbert, all those guys because they want some relief. But it's not been they want relief. Right. I used to watch the ratings are down. It's still not as bad as as other stuff because now that no one's watching news. Does Sean Hannity do really well? Isn't his show. Only Fox because it's seen as alternative just like you. Oh, but what I'm saying is, well, the problem is I'm not articulating this wealth. Truth. It's not like some PAC thing. They have turned all of the so called comic shows into fake comics posing as fake news, people putting out political commentary which people take is real and believe on the street. And so that's where all the propaganda is. And so you say Bill Maher is just joking around Bill Maher is just over here. Bill Maher does know what he's doing. It's all unified message. They have Stephen Colbert then leave it up on air and say that I'm a kk k member and make jokes and you know what people shouted at me on the street?

Well, that's unfortunate. But what I will say about what they're trying to do, they're not trying to deliver information. They're not they're trying to crack jokes. I guarantee you, there's a whole writing staff.

The Democrats call them and tell them what to write. Now.

I don't know if that's true. But if it is as true and they do, listen, that's not good. And that's unfortunate. You host the man show with Doug Stanhope. Now the other guy. That's There's Jimmy Kimmel, and Rolla

says he gets calls every day from Chuckie Schumer. And they work on what he says this television

show on top of this, what's so frustrating might have been fucking around. No, no, dude, it's

talking points, man. Okay, I believe you. I believe you win Hillary No. Last, Jimmy Fallon went from being funny to being totally weaponized.

So you think it was NBCs? Idea? Do you think it was someone in the government that contacts NBC and says tells you

there's a very well known UFC fighter that you know, okay, who that shows on Discovery History Channel, I'm not gonna say his name. Okay. And I got a call about a month ago. And they're like, Wow, this is incredible. Don't say my name, you can talk about it. They were gonna offer me this new big, lucrative show, but they said, you're gonna come out and announce Alex Jones on the show, or we're not gonna give you the show. And he said, No, show Hell yeah, man.

Huh. You're gonna denounce him on the show? Why would they need that from you? From him? Yeah, but why would they need that from him? They announce you on the show. I'm not that important to skip. But that gives you even more attention. Well,

let me explain. That's their dilute will. Hey, well, they want everybody else censor. Why did Hitler censor? A lot of the Russian censor? Like you think most of the time censorship actually works?

Yeah. But that's a weird one. Man. Someone's saying, they're not going to give you a gig unless you specifically denounce Alex Jones happens. What kind of show? Is it?

The cooking show? No, Joe, Joe, remember, just down for you. Okay. I swear, I'm accusatory. But I believe you,

I believe you. But I'm saying it just seems so crazy that they would ask him to not to denounce you on a television show. I'm not saying it's impossible. That's what everybody

who's not independent is told because they're beholden other people. You're a rarity. I'm one of the only people that's not beholding any other network of people. You're, you realize, I'm not just saying this to some kinship. Who else has a big mega popular show? That's multimedia. That isn't controlled by a parent company?

Corolla? Yep. Who else? Most podcasts? No, no, but see, when you look at the numbers that most podcasts

are threatened by though but I mean, almost all of them are backed by something. Because I know for a fact that you run your own show. Yep.

That's a fact. Look,

I've got some notes here. And all I want to say is this, I want

to point one point that you had about that, that was really good. You were saying that if you censor yourself, you just like I just censor myself a little bit, just to

make this point, we started the show.

You made it in the batch start over. And it's right. You we were talking and we were first of all, we gave each other a big hug, we talked it out, we're both happy that we're not angry at each other. And then we start talking, you made a really good point, you said the thing is, if you censor yourself, just 1%, you say I'll just censor myself 1%. That's what they want, I'm gonna make them happy. And then they're just going to keep moving it. They're just going to keep moving it forward, moving the goalposts and providing you with more money and giving you more things, but keep moving in a certain direction. And if you keep giving into it, they're gonna have a whole deal, and they can control you. And that's how network television got started. If you really think about what network network television is, the reason why they don't swear, and they don't have explicit content isn't because people wouldn't want to see it. The reason is, because the the advertisers won't let there's a whole commerce aspect to it. It's not just hey, you're the CSI guys, or hey, exactly. And

so now they've organized with sleeping giants and Media Matters. A couple million people that call and threaten and attack anybody and then notice show, once they're done with me now it's Joe, you better not have this person on or you better have that person on. And so what is your soul? What is your destiny worth? And I always thought I was smart. It's going to analyze politics and history. I was kind of socially retarded. And so have a you let's say that anymore. Exactly. But I mean, I was. And so that's what I'm getting at is. The biggest lie is what I want people to know the truth. I don't come up with some cold blooded calculation about what I think is going to advance my personal life. I really care about people and the process I've seen What's wrong? I've grown. I've hurt people. I apologize.

Listen, that's true. That's true, what you're just saying about you. And this is one of the things that I've always tried to explain to people. If people get mad at me for knowing him, like, I have a great time with that guy. Every time I see him, you and I have had a great time in Austin, we had a great time with the UFC, we've hung out numerous comedy shows that I've done in Austin, I've done your show. We've had a lot of fun together. And so when when people get mad at you about Sandy Hook or about anything, I just go, even when he says, Even when you were mad at me, I wasn't mad at you. I was like, I just got to talk to him. It's one of the reasons why Eddie Bravo got the two of us to talk to Mike. And once we talk, and just be honest with each other, we'll be fine.

And I want to clear this up. Because when I was going big guns on you, just so you know what it's like to be judged. I thought that you probably never had me on the show was not an attempt to get back on your

list. And I knew that if I had gotten to the point where you were that upset that I must have made mistakes, too. I'm not. I'm not that person that sees things and always points in the other direction. I pointed my I'm a fucking ruthless self critic. Ruthless. I'm terrible, like so I beat myself up about everything else flub one word on stage. And I'll sleep through this tossing and turning this to you.

And again, self doubt is a good thing. It's not going to be a narcissist and crazy. I got offered at the time like $5 million with a Bitcoin. I think it was like $38 million. By the time it got there. I refused it. And I got told like, eight years ago, I got told by two different people. A very well known rich people. They said George Soros likes you he wants to work with you and Alexander Soros. And so that's Oreos. You just need to stop attacking. Hmm. And and by the way, we want you to pump Bitcoin, which I believe in cryptocurrencies, I believe is the future. We had a private Federal Reserve. It's all Fiat. I'm not judging anybody. I'm just saying be careful. And I was so dumb back then I don't even say so dumb. I was not in the current mindset, the way the world worked. Like, I knew how politics work. And I knew how science worked. And I knew how crypto type, you know, government and CIA stuff worked. But I was like, never trying to get a deal for myself. I had my own thing, right. So that I look back in retrospect, where where that was going on. So when I saw you as my breaking point, go, Hey, Alex Jones is full of crap. George Soros was a victim of the Nazis in the Holocaust.

That's not what I said. I didn't say you're full of crap. I said he wasn't a Nazi. I got the story that I watched the interview. And I don't know what he did she know the guy. I don't know him. I don't know. I've know very little about him. But what I remember from the story was that he was saying that when the Nazis occupied, he was with his, I believe it was his godfather, Godfather and took him around as a Christian and pretended he was a Christian where they were stealing from these Jews, when they would take take there. And he just thought it was normal, because he was 13 years old, but he was talking about it, that he was shielded by this person, so I

would be willing to take his explanation. So I'm saying, but, but but but here's the difference. Even before that happen with you, I got approached by a major Hollywood actor that my name is associated with. And they said, listen, George Soros told me to tell you that he had been killed if he didn't do that, and that and that, and that he did what he had to do. Right. And I said, You tell George, if somebody put a gun to my head and said, We're gonna kill you, if you don't help Roundup, Joe Rogan's kids and put them in a concentration camp, I'd say, oh, yeah, I agree with you. I grabbed the gun away and kill him. Did he say he just said though it was just taking property? No, they weren't. What do you think is it was a Nazi show? Take your property, and then you don't go away?

I don't know.

I mean, we know what happened in Romania and Hungary. But But Joe, what he was saying, Hey, you have headlines saying, okay.

So you're saying you think that it was more? No,

no. He did an NPR interview. I'm not trying to go indict George Soros. Okay,

well, here's where I fucked up, because I shouldn't have even said anything about it. Because I don't know much about it. The the real actual interpretation I've seen, I've seen a couple of interpretation. When I was hoping to interpretation for me, I'm telling you, I don't know anything. So let me tell you about it was a incorrect. Sure. So when

I'm 14, in retrospect, if somebody said, we're going to you're going to help round up your community, or we're going to kill you. I would have tried to kill people that were trying to kill my people. I get it. Not everybody's like me, and I'm not some of the toughest guy around. I think I've proven I'll go up against people. I get your 14 you're scared, and you help the Nazis. He was so arrogant about it. He said it on NPR. He said it on 60 minutes. And then I learned you're being sued because you did this. This is why he's financing it. Well, I'm not going to stop sharing it because of that I get he was in a bad situation. The problem was if you play the clip, he says it was the best time of my life. It was happy making Oh, it was it was invigorating to be there with all this evil going on but I was with my father and I had faith in Him. And so we were able to do this and then I went looked at the logs and the records of him he was like going out looking for an Frank's man and getting their money and Alinea he got the money and I'm not even running for the white flag is George Soros. George Soros overthrew all these different governments George Soros tried to crash the pound, George Soros is that is the archetype of James Bond villains. And the fact that his money so I remember being a kid, when I was like, eight years old, my mom always had a color TV in the kitchen, because you cook three meals a day, you

can I stop you what do you what are you saying that he's like, crashing economies? And

when I was a kid watching PBS, maybe they were lying maybe he's great. George Soros was an international currency speculator who overthrew government cheat you Buddha. Yeah,

but that's what I'm saying. What do you say overthrew governments, like what did he do? I literally no, not Well, here's

I'm gonna tell you this is actually a declassified you know anything about George Soros, Jamie will type in George Soros crashing the pound. Let me tell you more. In George Soros his view. After World War Two, he got hired brought to us he worked for the CIA LSS before that,

in his view, from his perspective,

he admitted he doesn't brag about this. Okay, George Soros is the guy willing to take the money and divvy it out? And he's a very bold guy because he's really smiling. I'm not kissing his ass or you know my bag he's not gonna stop me wants to hang my head on the wall towards rose does have 150 I didn't want to hang your head on the wall because I went after it but the point is, it doesn't matter. George Soros ran the breakup of the Soviet Union. George I've had the former head of shitty guy Jamie guy thing typing George Soros tried to crash the pound. Pound the pound. Anyways guys, I told you they got human pig pipe up put it Yeah. Okay. I told you they're keeping babies alive. You saw the governor's Okay. George Soros is highest level Deep State. He He is the manager or was the manager Are you showing us things you're

saying? I actually know. But how do you know if you

research he ran the cars at the auction 20 years ago he ran the

marshy we got here did so George Soros Break the Bank of England make a little bigger police in Britain Black Wednesday, September 16. To the day the speculators broke the pound they didn't actually break it. But they forced the British government to pull it from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism joining the ER and which

was part of breaking the Euro breaking the pound watch the Euro scrolled

up please. Although it's to depart from the European currencies, the British pound blah blah, blah, compounding the underlying problems inherent in the pounds inclusion in the E RM. I'm not seeing this. Where's the part where George Soros does this? Well, that's just what you pulled up. I mean, but I'm just I'm just trying to find it. That's all I'm sayin. Spotting the writing on the wall. Britain upped its interest rates to teens and attract people to the pound but speculators George Soros among them began heavily shorting the currency. The British government gave in and withdrew its era the ER M, as it became clear that it was losing billions trying to buoy its currency artificially. Although it was a bit of a bitter pill to swallow, the pound came back stronger because the excess interest in high inflation Joe forced

notice you go to investor pedia like it's the boss hold on he there's films about the Soros. Soros

pocketed $1 billion on the deal, and cemented his reputation as the premier currency speculator in the world. Now, if you're a currency speculator Isn't that what you do though? I don't know what a currency speculator does it

I don't want to here's the deal. George Soros works for the works for the people that run our government. And he's a guy willing to do it all and he's been very successful. Okay, my point is two plus two equals four in my in my equation, you don't fight the Nazis? Because you're 1314 you think you can't you join him? And he says it taught me about investment I if I wouldn't have done it, someone else would have done it. That's a quote it was happy making good if you help round up Jews and take their property don't say it was happy maybe you don't talk about it. So my point is him saying are

you you think the way he describes it even as a problem? It's problematic it disturbs you the way he's describing that it was happy making that it was not a big deal if I didn't do it other people would have done it. That's a problem. What I'm

telling you is I'm gonna get off into sorrows is that if you if I had five minutes over there on Jamie's computer he did a good job. Jamie does a great job I'm just saying it pull stuff up.

He's a goddamn Google wizard. Look at him. Let he's been beat me up quick to it's very frustrating.

I would have gone over there. I can pull up sorrows. I can pull up BBC reports. Sorrows crashes the British pound or tries. Here's an example and I'm on guiding you for this. Someone in my family about 10 years ago was digging through stuff for basically a garage sale was a garage sale, we're gonna give it away to charities. And all these clothes I couldn't wear because I didn't want 180 pounds anymore. And a family member got into a group of things. And there was a Japanese bayonet, there was a German officers dagger that I bought for like 200 bucks. That's worth like 2000 now I still have it. Wow. And, and all the rest of it. And there was a British medal and a Nazi medal. And this person in my family because it's like a power thing goes, Oh my God, you're a Nazi. So I walk in to the garage and out of the box and I go I bought this at a gun show. Like a decade ago i Yeah, I think a frickin swastika metal thing

though is if you own this is the thing if you like see that helmet that you were

talking about? Going? Yeah. That's why I'm gonna say to you will you get to it. So you've got a German helmet that a French artists dug up with all these mass graves know what is? And it's got a German bayonet, you're not a frickin Nazi. That's a piece of history. I

think that's a US soldier.

That's a German helmet. That's

a German helmet.

That's a curl. But it doesn't matter. France has banned owning German war memorabilia. Sonian the coolest thing ever saw the Smithsonian when I was a kid, so proud of us beat the Nazis was they had a German helmet with a bullet hole in the Smithsonian's not Nazi right, it's what I'm saying. Right? I'm not Nazi for having a Nazi medal, and a bunch of other war paraphernalia I thought was cool. You're not a Nazi for a Nazi bayonet.

Well, it's a helmet and a bayonet. What is the gentleman's name that makes that show Shane Martin?

Can we show it please?

What is his Yeah, we showed it. He also made me a fucking super dope skull. He's got a real

artist. Yeah, the gentleman helmets interesting. That's

what I was gonna say is it you? You could have a Nazi helmet 20 year look about Hogan's Heroes. Hogan's Heroes was god damn sitcom about Nazis was a sitcom about Nazis and prisoners of war. I mean, that was

correctness that I literally had a family member this was like 18 years ago go I'm really upset about what I found Shane against the machine, right? Yeah. Is that it's snowing in the garage. Yeah. And it's like British metals us metals. A couple of data jet of course. I wanted the Japanese thing. I even had a marine carbene from Vietnam. That's not as cool as World War

Two yet go to Shane against the machine on Instagram. He's

not a Nazi. That's frickin cool. Man

doesn't want those. He sells those folks if you want one. Product players be playing. Dude, he's he made me another sculpture to that I bought from

you know what I'm saying? I'm not saying you're a Nazi. But I had family think because I had one Nazi Party member. Metal. Yeah, it'll be on the news today. Jones admits he has Nazi stuff. No, it's frickin interesting. And it is this is from a battlefield dug up of dead people. Yep, you can't couldn't be more interesting. And you take darkness and light comes out of it you make evil become good. I'm gonna have you talk to the artists god I'm doing a huge plug for

this shit. Look at this kind of stuff. Look at that eagle. Go back to that bird with the fucking cylinders. With the cars. Is that what it is first? Or the top of his shoulders. The top of his shoulders is another car cylinder that's a car cylinder. Yeah, that's a polished down car cylinder and then bayonets for the wedding made me products because

it kind of shut me down.

This rentable product artists man he's a great art I brought

this up because I walked in there and I said God stone that is amazing. And and you it took you told me the story like they dig up that no these battlefields in France and stuff. And then people get this stuff that's rotting German helmet, then you put light in and it makes it beautiful. And it takes the evil of Hitler and makes it beautiful. Yeah, not Hitler takes humanity and makes it beautiful.

Yeah, it's a bit but it is interesting that you can't own like you could never own a Nazi flag or any like you could Jingis Khan

right both my grandfather's and I'm not bragging about family. But remember Tom Landry, my grandfather was ut football won state championships and track all of my mom's dad. And he went the Army Air Corps with Tom Landry never been over there on Sundays he before he played for the Dallas cavalry. He'd like Tom Landry call they pray for five minutes. Both my grandfather's about Jerry Jones and and I, my mother's father, Mr. Hammond. We almost died in a crash landing and another deal. I almost died. I don't almost exist, because my family America fought Hitler. And then now I'm a Nazi because I believe in the Second Amendment, and I believe in America. That's not fair.

Well, that's not what they're saying. They're saying it because you had a Nazi piece of memorabilia, but it still doesn't make any sense. Doesn't make any sense to you. Look, if I saw some cool Nazi thing. Going someplace where I could buy it. I might buy it and frame it because it's just a piece of history just like I would buy a gig as con dagger. Or a helmet. Oh my god Eddie Bravo's here. Jesus Christ we're having a great time talking about interdimensional beings this, bro.

I'll choke you out with the shirt. NASA any you know I'm gonna make you regret wearing this fucking shirt.

Hey listen to high school we used to choke each other out. That's like a thing and God dropped

me off on it. No, no, no, no, no, please don't I'm not scared. Let's do it. No, no, no, no, no, please don't chuck them unconscious.

Don't know. Please, right. Let's go. He can't do you think I'm afraid of this? Let's No, no, I

definitely don't think you're afraid of this. Which is why I don't want him to do it. Even

be pushy. choke me off.

You know what? Let me tell you story. First. Let me tell you a story. Back when I used to work at the strip club. You're the one

hold on. Alex. Sit down. Please. Come on. Please. We have to work together here. Let's work together. Come sit down.

I'm not gay, but good luck. And yeah. Have

a seat. Have a seat or choke me out. Alex. Please. High School. I know you did. You told me you grab each other and you fall down hit your heads. You only takes like 20 seconds. What are you gonna say about strip club back when

I was a blue belt? 1995. I went to the strip club and there was this girl I was dating. She never had any of those items. She was a bartender she was seriously four foot 10 And why are they bartenders and

waitresses always especially in strip clubs.

Let him I will. She

was she was 92 pounds. Bartender the smallest girl and I showed her how to do a rear naked her she was tiny. Her name was Kimmy and the strip club manager was your size big like used to be buff but finesse Yeah, but used to be you can tell you used to be but football player type big manager. You know you want those guys that manage strip clubs, you know, intimidating looking big dudes. And he had a Corvette. And he didn't believe in jujitsu at all. And she said, he said, If she choked me out with one of them jujitsu moves, I'll give her the keys to my core van. So she had to literally get on a barstool. And she was standing on a barstool had to go around them. And she went like this. And he was just like this. And then he went out, lights out. He dropped like a sack of potatoes. He hit his head on the fucking floor. impact the impact of his head hitting the floor woke his ass up. And so we hit the ground, and then he pops back up. And he didn't know what the fuck happened and it's just sitting there.

I thought he faked but

people usually don't hit the ground pop back up. Usually they hit the ground. They're done and they need an ambulance. Right? But he popped right back up. And he's like what happened? Like bitch, you need to give her your quarterback. And it was it was

this was a thing I didn't know about this about in seventh grade during lunch. Some of the kids would choke each other out you put your hands up on their neck kids don't do this. I'm not teaching like don't do this. Not doing this. But did it be like the cheerleaders wanted to be shutdown they would show us how to probably get about screen where did you go to school? Go to school what

are the books got? He's

not Bill Hicks. Brian now already went over this. This

guy's talking about this

is you can put together a case where you fucking you can't

wave No.

saw Bill Hicks live. I've known Alex since just a few years after.

He's gonna say Oh, you got to see the old way. There's a bunch of

separation because you and I've worked with somebody that worked with them. We work with 1000s of people suddenly it's like oh, we do the same person it's it's overwhelming. All you got to do

is just show those pictures of you like Bill Hicks is never 20 and yoke you are you jacked. You want like a body built and I should

run like I think it's I wish I get in that zone again. You can I gotten this job where I ran six miles every other day. And I lifted weights so people know dude, you'd be bigger if you work out three hours I was addicted. And then I got on radio and TV and like started drinking and just stopped that didn't work out for like 10 years being like 100 pounds. Alex

let's let's get you on something where we actually like put it online and talk about what you're doing. If you commit to something online like that. You'll do it. All you have to do is like set a realistic goal.

I used to do 40 Pull Ups and not gonna be like 240

in a row like CrossFit type for use your whole body and everything where yes amazing you're like doing the work mazing

but the problem was I used to go to all you can eat buffets. That's amazing to Chinese and I don't believe and and regular. And the problem is I would literally like order I don't know I don't want the two What

do you think about this? What do you think about a self improvement thing that you do online? Well, you do it on Live I need to do it. The

problem is every time I try to work out the phone's ringing.

Oh shit, let's listen you just get up earlier get up an hour and a half. I'm gonna target you from a torn bicep. Well, once you have surgery for your bicep and everything gets fixed, I think once you get your bicep torn, you're probably going to be a little bit out of action. But these six months no, you know what? I'm Novitsky had it done. It's fucking amazing. I had my bicep done, but to the shoulder to the bicep. Like this to the elbow to the shoulder. No, no, you have to do.

We're talking friggin 100 million views number one. No, no, no, no, no,

no, no, don't be ugly.

There's no need to choke you

try to sue me and shit. It's just

one of the first things that I swept up in

me once we made up on the phone, one of the first things you want me to do is choke him out of the air.

Now you might need to go to them SLM those those s&m pain.

When you get choked out. You'd like go somewhere. And I've got a little dream and then you come right

back like DMT Yes. You hate that shit. James is on point as let's

get serious. Let's get a few things where he goes down this road.

Okay. These are the what are the road going down? Oh, we just talked about we know what the road is. You're talking about George Soros. No, no, we passed that. Okay. Well, we just talked about you were talking about the strip club. The guy choked with the girl, the girl choking the guy out the guy falling hitting his head. And then what happened after that? And the ideas, Jamie? No one everyone's stupid for that. One of that. I

remember one time I got choked out. I remember watching the babies. I remember what it was. It was cool. I don't think I've ever been taught completely out the first. The first time I got choked out was like the 17 year old super hot chick. And I was like 13 tied up and she lived down the street. She goes out already. I got promiscuous. I was pretty young. 12 And she goes I'll have sex with you. It's a true story. I'll have sex with you if you let me put makeup on you. So I'm not in the case everything. Show the girl puts the makeup sex weather. And she's super hot and then like a week later she goes she goes now I'm going to choke you out when that relationship went really well until it like 30 year old boyfriend caught me at her place once because her mom was working oh my god tried to kill me in the parking lot.

Oh my god. I've sexually you put makeup on you. I let her do Do you listen your wise man she dressed me up like a clown

here's some of the things and we're gonna go forever here goes. Not conspiracies but real world programs developing a breakaway civilization. What is it breakaway civilization? You understand that? It's the key to everything. standardized total surveillance control grid, the power despise the power control human animal hybrids. We recover that mass farming of humanoid tissue transhuman endgame, we come into multilayered binary weapon delivery systems. That's when we haven't had Oh, what's that? Well, we'll get into some of that. The pain is 5g, behavioral modifications. We hit that Trojan horse delivery systems, cell phones, vaccines. GMOs have been tested, designed to hurt you. Again, vaccines are real. You can give somebody something that gives them the cure to another disease. That doesn't yet but they're jacking it like a cell phone. They're adding stuff. Your ticket to immortality things.

Let's cover that. What do you think is happening with vaccines?

I know. Okay, tell

me what's going on.

You've always used this because everyone's heard of it. Everyone heard about 1947 to 1983. And only came public because the program was exposed in Peru and promote exposed in West Virginia. But the media picked up it was white on black. Not all the white people that happen to don't care for black or white. Injecting over a million people with live syphilis. In the name of vaccines, you know about Tuskegee, do

know about that. But you only know

about Alabama, and over 40 something years only injecting blacks but it happened all the world search engine. Hillary Clinton apologizes for syphilis experiments in Tuskegee. It was it was it was in Peru.

Can I ask you this was the Tuskegee was the conventional story that they had syphilis, but they weren't really curing them? That's a cover. No, but is that what they say? Oh, no. No, they

were giving him syphilis. Okay,

I understand what you're saying. But was the the, the conventional explanation of what happened? Was that that they knew that they had it and they allowed them? That was

okay, have you heard about hearing

this right here? US apologizes for Guatemala STD experiences. They did a different one. Just try Peru and hold on, get to Peru. What do you make that a little goat scroll ups. I read it. US government medical researchers intentionally infected hundreds of people in Guatemala, including institutionalized mental patients with gonorrhea and syphilis without their knowledge or permission more than 60 years ago. Jesus Christ. Show

Joe again, when you've read because what I do is Oh,

Jesus Christ. Look at this. Many of those infected were encouraged to pass the infection as part of the study. Where does this in what is Cumans NBC News. Imagine

finding out you have syphilis, but you've never had sex before. Let me stop. Let me show you imagine how confusing you're ready for

another ultra secret says is 46. To what 46 To sorry. It says at the bottom 46. Cod, Tim.

That's a wash. That's not okay. It's not two years. Okay. So so so let me explain. Then imagine, Joe. Here's what's happened. Okay. We had a real liberal media in this country. They weren't leftist. That's that's a cultic. That's different. We had a real liberal media in this country that had problems. But they really cared. They were open minded. When I sat down focused on information a few years after I probed Delta Force was in Seattle in 1999. And proved it they all said Alex Jones is right. It's incredible.

That's the WTO tape that I always cite that type that we showed the agent provocateurs went into a peaceful protest and started smashing windows. I'm

not against the army, but Delta Force ran, because I was going oh, now the Army's terrorist, like you said, don't call it the whole government, a select group of the army did that they staged it. So imagine used to the the press would get a lot of stuff, right? But they would get demoted or whatever would happen. Once Trump got in which I don't think Trump's pattern and gut level things good, but I almost think like it's more sophisticated. They put him in on it piss everybody off, to get the liberals who traditionally have been the real watchdogs for free speech and against human experimentation. And suddenly they're like in Gallup polls. We love war. We love experimentation. We love everything. I'm getting chills right now. And so imagine, Joe, I've been on air for 23 years, and I'm a news hound. I spent four or five hours a day reading news. I believe NBC News that our government gave people. Notice I said Peru, because that was a big document. Okay. You just found Guatemala, tracking this. Everywhere. I went on to the 80s. It's still going on. So imagine, imagine, I have literally, by the time Sandy Hook happens, I've literally seen 10,000 articles and documents or more, where they're admitting, in 1962, the Joint Chiefs of Staff under LLM answer came to President Kennedy, this is on PBS, and said, We're gonna blow up buildings, shoot up schools and movie theaters and bomb army bases and marine bases. We're gonna have people with their kids with name change and the CIA get on a jumbo jet that takes off. It gets blown up over the Caribbean. We blame Cuba. But that plane really lands and there's another plane that's a drone, we blow up. And then Kennedy says no, but his brother says No, I'll do it while they killed Kennedy, because Bobby said he would but then he got pissed when they killed his brother so declassified, he wanted to bomb the Honduran embassy and blow up stuff and go to war with Moscow. Bobby was bad. The that actually this is pull this up, pull up. Bobby Kennedy wanted to bomb the US Embassy in Honduras. This is declassified. And so imagine you see hundreds of these. And then a sandy hook happens and your listeners don't buy it. And then it's a psychosis where then well, because every every man I knew and this is not pathetic, like my dad was great. Every man I knew when I was a kid backhanded me and beat the crap out of me. So men are bad, or a woman has been raped. You know, all men are bad show. I get like the psychosis, and I'm not trying to put myself down like I'm a victim. I'm being honest, retrospectively, that got to where when I learned that so much stuff was false. Then later I experienced where I had the guest, I did the thing, I knew it was true. And then people made up a whole story, because they don't believe anything anymore. So that's all I'm trying to say.

Do you think part of it is that even though this stuff does exist, it's almost like there's too many things happening for one person to pay attention to all of them. And if you're only focusing on emotional overload, or if you're only But hold on, if you're only focusing on that aspect of life, it can be incredibly overwhelming because you start thinking that's the whole world, that the whole world has these conspiracies, because these are the things you're concentrating on primarily.

But this this what I'm saying, he just talked about Operation Northwoods that whole thing. Yeah, that was Operation Northwoods. Yeah, that is some. That's ABC.

That's true, clear.

Robot, but if you break it down, and you look at it, you look at Operation Northwoods. You look at that shit, that is about as gangster and sinister and evil as you

Yeah, we went over just a little while ago we were going into totally so my

point is, if you believe that no other conspiracy theory, whether they're right or wrong, like government conspiracy should be ridiculed. You shouldn't there's no there should be no ridicule. You're

right you should you Instead of looking at him with ridicule, you should look at him objectively. And

and exactly, and the only the only people that have a right to ridicule conspiracy theories are people that don't believe in any conspiracy theories. If you don't believe in any of them, yes, I understand why you're ridiculing it. Some of them, if you believe in some of them, the other ones you don't believe in, I think you should be more. I don't believe in that shit. But I understand why. Well,

that's my defense almost no, almost really probably at this record. I'm also looking forward to trial in Texas and Connecticut, because I want to the Lord has already agreed. I'm going to sit there. And I'm going to show them history and all these things to say. Like, I watched the it's already been out for like a year or two, but I watched the minions three or four. And it's like in the 60s, and they break on the set of Hollywood and the moon landings being staged. Now now astronauts died doing that. So how traumatic is that for their family? But I believe

we're gonna get to it in a minute. Wait astronauts done? Which ones? Oh, space shuttle?

Well, we're going to talk about No,

no, the Apollo launch pad was one but

yes, they were practicing. Okay. Yes,

it was we're gonna get to this next. And I respect you.

I want you guys to yell at each other for three minutes. Why go pee? I gotta pay to okay. You don't talk to yourself? Just hold will do and shit. I'll go first. Okay, anyways,

and your bad questioning I get it. No,

you do get it but you know why? Because you know of course of course. Of course. Of course Alan's you you are someone that I could talk to about the flat earth conspiracy. And you believe in so many crazy things about the government. You don't you don't you don't believe in flat Earth. But you can kind of understand where I'm coming from. Right?

Yeah, right. GPS is real. I know airline pilots that fly from California to places like Australia and they've got another wing over to Hong Kong. And then they go to Mars you can

fly anywhere in the world if it was flat if it's flat as you could go from east to west just like you could on a ball you just don't understand what like a pizza is you can just go anywhere like if you're on a flatter flatter you can travel anywhere give me two cities I pointed to cities to

so much I get nothing to do with the past I'm not that the money I'm trying to convince

you to convince you Alex My point is my point it takes you got to you got to find it on your fucking own. There's no way you're going to be convinced no no one has ever been convinced they have to really find it within themselves and and do some dumb what

I'm telling you soul search what if I finance a research ship? Large ship and make a documentary? I can't go away for three months I will pay for you three months I'm not be asking. You know because to me and having money is not a big deal. It's simple. You can do cool things with it. What how much money can you raise?

To go to the south Well, we're gonna need we're gonna need

you guys go into the are in orbit

okay, you raise the money for a

trip. The money. The money. Okay, you

do go pee go pee, man. You gotta go see

the planner going to high school. He's the ambassador for flower. He's the ambassador. I gotta get astronauts me the guy that does go pee man. The big icefields that's gonna be this one. We're gonna do Alex our time here. I

mean, 27 an entire crew.

No, no, you are going to the edge of the flatterer total. But

it's not gonna be me. I'm gonna I'm gonna designate somebody. I'm just scared. So I'm gonna we're gonna do this. We're gonna do this. Joe Rogan? Yeah, no, no, we're gonna do this show with

us. You're gonna find the edge of the world. Caps caps they're not gonna film

the drop off with my iPhone. Yes. Yes. Go pee man. Kopi

Don't you have to go we're gonna send someone else Alex

gonna be the one that goes in a minute.

Right now. I came here and I proved they're keeping babies alive and deliver organs. How

does he prove that? Jamie puts them they admitted

them. normalizing it No, the fuck the governor.

You really think Do you really think there's people out there campaigning for late term abortions. You think that's it's real?

Monday to keep it late who would? Who would campaign for their fucking Kelly RT BarCamps So you're telling me it isn't real when I had a fucking vote in the goddamn fucking Senate that's a conspiracy theory I write

your fucking top you're about to get it already born babies Stop fucking lying God fucking dead I'm your best now

don't get best go

you saw the dude right now

Senate voted barn claim of course I believe that

horse I believe

just playing let me explain to you win let me explain to you we went into a long conversation we played I heard it okay you heard

I heard the whole podcast of yours Jason playing with it

Okay, imagine my psychosis ality is so crazy that I always thought I was so tough

to pee anymore

the point is the point is is that the point is is that dude or not the reality so crazy why are we debating whether the earth is flat Dude they're keeping they have human animal hybrids there's there's a frickin I have been there when people that work for the Pentagon say that they we go the laboratory and we meet with the ambassador. We have to take higher and higher doses to meet with them. They're giving us technology and the technology work. This is going on dude, you want to know this? Listen, relax. Think about how this isn't real freaking dimensions man, the aliens and

Alex think about what I said. I said do you think there's actually people out there that believe that our campaigning listen to what I said he's fine to hear what I said. He said Do you think there's actually people out there that are campaigning for late term abortions? Of course there are but I'm making it seem like I don't believe they are getting down. I'm being the ultimate skeptic okay. I'm being the ultimate skeptic

all the time. He's just

to be yours. Right there.

I'm threatened about Mr. goody two shoes, by them keeping babies alive and killing them and that nobody cares. I fundamentally that's what I'm saying. I'm being honest here is I'm not like certifiably crazy, but I deal with this all day long. I get why Joe tries to shy away and people go crazy. You know,

I never saw that clip of that guy saying that they would resuscitate the babies then they would make a decision heard

about that New York bill that they're trying to pass

it's like it's like

Gotham City where they're

giving a bunch of goddamn fucking organ harvesting doctors control outside of law you heard that piece of shit fucking kk k guy fucking Governor say we're gonna keep alive after they're fucking born. He's because they want to fucking take their organs it's incredible.

He's a kk k guy.

It's incredible. It's so incredible that I did

a picture with a guy on a que que que out there in blackface they elected him because he's black males they had that shit. And when he messed up and said we keep them alive to get their fucking organs they use that to deactivated cheese Why do you think fraternities have you screw sheep and all this and you know give guys blow jobs that's why I never joined a fraternity.

I'm so happy to do this podcast.

I'm so happy I turned

on Europe. It's fucking amazing. It was

fucking world order. Oh my god. I got you. Did you get so pissed off? I'm so glad I fucked with you. We got some doo doo. How many JRE clips they're gonna make? Do they're gonna they're gonna put you to music

GS pulled up MIT Sam they got animal human pigs.

Yeah, we did. We did. Listen, good to go to the link. I'm with you. This man you just kind of freak me out about several subjects. No, no, no bullshit. Yeah, you freak me out about several subjects. There's people out

campaigning for

the record. That article says that there was no written data on that it that came from three interviews they had so this is a human penguin. People were saying that to them?

Of course they tried it. Why wouldn't they try it? If you were if you were the leader of the free world, like didn't wasn't there some Goddamnit was it the Nazis that were they were trying to theorize how to combine humans with animals to make a stronger human? wasn't some of that they

were for sure into that what's there something like that? If there's a YouTube link that you know that says sure, right,

like for sure they they They've definitely I mean, I think all governments definitely give their soldiers steroids. They definitely give them in Fetta means they give them definitely give them chemicals to make them crazy shit. I

would. Are you kidding? That's where they started to run an army. The Nazis

are not the Nazis rather the the kamikazes the kamikazes they would mess them up. I mean, really pretty sure that's true. Read that 100%

on YouTube. Yeah,

that that was one of the ways that would get them not just like nationalism and pride for the country they would, they would jack them up on crystal meth. And that's what they'd fly that plane right into that fucking boat. They knew. Boom, that is a nutty thing to do, man, you got to be. You got to be in a weird state of mind. And you got to have such a

horrible life that you're like, fuck it. Let me just crash into this fucking boat. Right for the gender like happy about their life. I can't wait to escape the ship.

What an insane choice. That's

the only piece he has is when he's in that plane killing people. What a fucking

crazy choice that you're going to do that for you. Alex, welcome back. We're talking about kamikazes we're saying that we think kamikazes were that was they gave them crystal meth right was not a part of the program. Oh,

yeah. No, I mean, warfare is always drugs. And the Japanese, the Japanese learned about in World War One, when they're actually on our side against Russia went back and forth. They in World War One, the Japanese learn about MSG, because you haven't. He's like good foot. And they're like, the military wouldn't complain. They just lose weight and starve to death. So they learned they were fighting the Russians in World War One. to just go ahead and give them MSG. She told you, Brian, everything is super toxic. And so yeah,

monosodium glutamate, like the stuff from Chinese food is just super freakin

toxic. Yeah, but really, but yes, they would give them well, the Germans were big on steroids and methamphetamine.

We're just saying that. Yeah. Well, that's

what this is like in mainline history stuff. By the way. I said I'll give you the secrets of Hitler.

Oh, your secrets. Yep. What?

This is not the BS. This is the real thing.

Okay. How do you know though? Who's telling you this stuff? Do you to

classified it? Beyond classified ad? No. I mean,

Alex serious. Do you ever think okay, because you have a lot of swag. Grandfather

was chairman in Dallas. And he worked for a the inventor of indoor air conditioning. Who was a billionaire in what's the rich area Dallas where the Republicans all live in that place, Arlington? No, it's not Arlington. It's that's the thing right there in the middle of Dallas. Do you think that's awesome. You think Dallas is like all buildings. There's a huge park and like all these big mansions. Anyways, he lived up there. It wasn't just from him. You know, I'm not gonna get into that. The point is, is that Hitler was on the cover of Time Magazine. And he was true.

Unless that's a Photoshop. You want to twice

Well, Trump was on the cover of Time Magazine, too.

But he's not really sure the problem is forgive you guys. But he made his own war, should I? Or should I just give a gestalt like a boil down? Here's the thing. It wasn't just my grandfather. It was these other people. My grandfather said it was really confusing for him. Because he worked for this guy that was in refrigeration air conditioning, when he was in high school and his dad owned the car dealerships from Dallas and stuff. They live there. The rich area, Dallas, and what did they tell you? Well, through one reason he wanted in, by the time World War Two started to drop out of UT and you know, all that and go join the Army Air Corps. She told you to tell me a little while ago, your grandfather is a little eccentric. Now, like my grandmother knew Verner von Braun when he came to what? Yeah, yeah. Well, so anyways, you grandpa

new Warner von Braun.

We'll get to some of those events. And yeah. What did you see events, little providence? That's incredible. I'm getting to watch because they were like German.

No wonder you believe in the moon landing. I get it now. didn't make sense to

say, well, let's let him finish his tour. My family's was what they called High German. And so the high Yeah, that's what that is. Uber mentioned. So they only would talk to people that were in the club. Oh, shit. Okay. Yeah. So, so anyways, my grandfather, the fan was like an Uber mansion. And so your high IQ, the whole nine yards show he was working with this German guy. And he would just go over there after school and work when he was apprentice. And my grandfather watched him get more and more depressed and more and more crazy by the end of the 30s. And the guy could find it and he said, he said, Clyde was my grandmother's name. He said, Yeah, the Nazis had my family in Germany. They're gonna kill them all that I'm having to give them everything. I got all my money. And I'm having to sell the patents and work like for like 20 hours a day, giving everything he had because they're gonna kill his family and Nazi Germany. He was German. And so my grandfather wouldn't let Should the Army Air Corps to fight Hitler, because he had that experience and he was so mad when I was a kid. It was like, when I was a kid in Dallas, W BAP had Hitler's speeches on, because Germans are a big part of the US. And it was the boom, nobody was supposed to join it and, and Hitler was good, and we never really bought into it. And then I found out this, this mentor of mine, it's gotta be like Bill Gates today had everything he had sucked out of him by the Nazis. So that's what the Nazis would do was extort and control so I kind of heard about that. And my grandpa logo, so they sent me down there like a week during the summer and I was like, eight years old, I'm hearing this and he's like, von Braun has a plan to this orbital spacecraft was landed and we're gonna have artificial gravity systems and I'm hearing all this stuff. He's not like markers, the table like talking about it. And I'm sitting there listening to this, and he were talking about Yeah, then I was at least town for you know, Texaco, and the only place you got chicken fried steak out in New Mexico or West Texas was a military base. All these goddamn Nazis and you know, one time I didn't want to do it but that guy smarted off about how they that we're better at shooting our planes down. So I want to add just ran his head right to the wall and I never knew what happened after that. But so you just got to kill Nazis, and no son of a bitches. Our government brought in 1000s of those assholes and I'm like, listen to this. I'm like, I'm gonna read about Nazis. So it's all about can I start buying books? I was like, 12 a walk into a bookstore and I want my cup. They go, are you a Nazi? Like reading Hitler's my struggle? No, I'm not a Nazi. My both my grandfather's told me how bad Nazis were and both almost died fighting Nazis. So I wanted to know about Nazis. It was this whole ethos. And so that's just the whole story of understanding that and then my dad's angle, and my grandfather's angle, and also their Operation Paperclip. They didn't call it paperclip. He said our government brought those he you think he would always say

it was Yeah, but that's it. I think there was several waves. There was like 34,000 a year there was a lot of fucking Nazi scientists brought up on YouTube. It

says Operation Paperclip was anywhere from like 1200 to 1500 searches,

the total number of admitted congressional hearings. In the 1970s, paperclip Frank Church Committee in the 70s released it, and only the numbers 34,207 Look it up. There's like I told you, they gave people samples, you pulled it up. But I

mean, it is fascinating. They brought those people over here and that's where the the space program came from. Well, it

came from the shirt, not as a sick job. They already had the CIA that was LSS.

Okay, that's CIA's Oss. That's

all on record. Okay. I'm glad you question me.

OSS again.

Office of Special plans are off that was before the CIA

and then the CIA. Strategic soda like

the Office of Strategic Services, like what was before the seals what Jesse Ventura was the

chosen in that he was at auxilary the Navy he was never in combat. Anyways, let me expand on that. The OSS T, the Office of what is the seat? One of my cells, the LSS was British intelligence are the most powerful British, the most powerful intelligence agency here. They set up proud house at 22 after World War Two, to anglicized the US with British intelligence, not a British intelligence takeover a marriage zahlt just like on PBS, this stuff is true. They've met same thing only academics are watching it so it'll tell the truth. The general pop culture is all crap meant to be dumbed down and to turn you off, but when you go to the real academic stuff, when the old days a frontline and stuff, like I watch that the novice true leader have the documents it's all it's all real. That's like those are like really accurate, like Bobby Kennedy planned to blow up the embassy in Honduras was like getting to know Nazis.

Nazis. Well, Wernher von Braun weird. Isn't it weird that the one man who directed all six moon missions was a Nazi, and he was brought here isn't one

crazy need and one guy's having a problem his memory? Two guys, did you want

to defend Warren? defending him? That's fine. 35 Nazis.

I've seen I've read about it. He sketched for Hitler. This plan to drop atomic bombs that they hadn't developed yet. So when you see red skull Marvel comic, they've got a big bomber to love New York. Yeah, it wasn't a bomber. It was a space plane. And it was about half the size, but look just like this. And the Germans, actually, some of their scientists went to the Russians, or when the Russians tried to build their space shuttle was half the size. That was actually the German plan. Show show you look it up. I'm not gonna because the Russians took a lot of Germans as well. Right? About a third of them. Yeah, show up. So look. The reason I'm wearing this is explained this is a gateway to all of it. So you'd have British intelligence, that one World War One, you know, Germany had way more advanced technology. They then take over British intelligence basically merges with the US. And then the Germans and others say we've got to go way ahead and technology. It was all theoretic One lab if they couldn't match, deploy it. They didn't have enough machine shops and systems to build it. And US special forces went on suicide missions to blow up the underground mountain.

How about the Nazis? were the first to build flying saucers? Let me tell you, that's crazy.

British cars, British intelligence, flying saucers did the CIA, the CIA in 47. So now the Nazis are over here they go, Listen, you don't want them running everything. And they go to Eisenhower. And they say, We want to launch a off base breakaway civilization where you compartmentalize things, forget empires, and you have a new ruling class of technological elites. And then the elites are all in charge, the public's watching TV, and we'll give them widgets and foundation series type things with the verb is on the documents. And let them try to run an empire will build a whole new empire. And so Eisenhower gives a speech worry about he doesn't just say military national complex, he says the technological elite watch the full 21 minute speech his farewell address is 62. He says or 661. He says you need to watch out about the scientists because because he said no to the NASA plan, when he found out what it was. But as it's a breakaway civilization, where you don't try to run the whole planet, you siphon off resources and build a whole new advanced system. And then you play everybody off against each other and collapse it. So when I say what is NASA, if we could take NASA back over? It's better than the CIA. It's the real government, the spaceships and the stuff. That's all PR

NASA is the real government. NASA there

were to breakaway governments to shadow governments. Right talked about Santa Barbara 20 years ago. It's in the documents. And so you had one that was British run. And the Germans came to the our own us elites and said, Hey, you always need a couple of plants. They said we've got all this on the drawing board the EU, a plan to poison the food water to get rid of the dumb people. A plan for offworld bases. We've got by the way, we're taking hardcore drugs and we're in contact with aliens. How was it given a second thought was the Germans first got in touch?

Well, how'd they do it? Never really cold. Really into the coffee and all the

shit around him at all times? Yeah, human sacrifice. Yeah, the Vril Society telling you

Joe, this is not me. You go to the real deep PhD level history books. Okay. NASA is the German breakaway government. Just always the Germans the Brits fighting for dominance.

So what you're saying is when Operation Paperclip acquired all those Nazi scientists, they essentially started running NASA. So NASA became like, almost like an offshoot of the German government, this offshoot government.

Yeah, the Germans had piled all the wealth away. They had everything should

they make. Does that really make sense, though, that in 2019, that's still going on? No, no, no, no.

The British intelligence doesn't run the CIA today. The British Empire was under attack and just bankrupted itself in World War One. It said, We'll give you the keys of the kingdom. Churchill wrote three books, the history of the English speaking peoples, he was half American. And this is officially in books. We merged with the British Empire in like 1930, covertly, okay, that's what the CFR is is British intelligence, US intelligence. So the US runs the show. Okay, so you've got you've got German intelligence, came to Eisenhower and said, Listen, you don't need to do all this. We haven't given them the real technology. We're in contact with aliens. And they've dealt with the whole plant and

where are you getting this from the stadium so confidently?

It's in the literature man Hitler, like would go literature, mainline historical books about mainstream SS castles where they go the aliens want blood so they kill 20 kids and everything so the aliens are coming in the blood brings them in like sharks. And then they want technology they go this is how it works. You build the atomic weapons this way you build it they would like chum bombers and like the aliens are like telepathic I don't even believe this. This is what the knowledgeably of aliens with mindmeld and given the technology there are bad aliens. So are you surprised that Nazis were influenced by demons?

Know if demons are real definitely think they'd be on the side of the Nazis. But

Joe what I'm telling you is the aliens will be no media. No media is going to attack this. I'm giving

you want to know where I can read it. Where can I read that? Those statements that they were in contact with the aliens. Obviously your podcast

real society V R. L is a chick that's right up there with and like doing a

ritual for three hours in vacuum fly here with a report. I'll say it I'll tell you with mainline books. I'll mail the books with tabs in them. Okay, and I'll mail documents.

Okay, cool. Yeah, I listened. I think that they were absolutely obsessed with the occult. That's been pretty well documented made flying saucers and I think yeah, and I think finding government's a

developed a more advanced form of nuclear fuel, heavy water. And we had to sit in special forces on suicide missions back when was really special forces to blow it up. And I'm telling you, the Germans had all sorts of events shipped, they just couldn't ever keep the plants from getting blown up, because they were a few years behind. Yeah, and by the way, Churchill wrote about this in his memoirs and said the Germans were way ahead. It wasn't that the Germans were bad that the Nazis were bad. But it wasn't the wasn't the Germans that first bomb civilian targets. In 1941. The Brits were losing the war, Hitler was bombing their for their medical facilities and military facilities. And, and so they went and bombed German towns and German cities like what's the famous German city Dresden? What was designated a safe city for kids. Half a million people died in one night to trick Hitler to turn his bombers on the general population and they tricked him psychologically to do it. But but but but Churchill, this has been declassified. It's an esoteric books, it's admitted.

So Hitler was set up. Well, it

was bad. But here's what happened. Albert Speer was his chief armaments and architects minister and British travel agent. Rudolf Hess was the deputy fear. The guy Hitler totally loved. You never heard about him since 1941, because they had a peace treaty with Edward the eighth. Who was the king of England, who was a Nazi and who was German, British family, German, and they had a deal to stage the attack the French stood down Vici French didn't fight they put they put Nazi occupiers in the Dunkirk operation was allowed to evacuate Edward the eighth was supposed to then sue for peace through Neville Chamberlain but it's come out that it was all set up by Churchill and others not that they ran Hitler not they weren't bad they were pretty good but they master manipulated him and never Chamberlain all them and bet on the British people in America to come in they had deals with with with Roosevelt to then bring us into the war and that was the whole master plan and you can actually go to the history and see all that and that's what's so incredible Joe, when you when you when you have all this info, and so Rudolph has and it 4142 He flies a one man bomber he was a World War One fighter ace like the number three 800 and some aircraft look it up Rudolph as he flies in parachutes into the castle the king was in at the time in like Northern England I forget the name of it. He parachutes in with the peace treaty shine by the King of England. They lock him up in the tower for the rest of his life in London and ever the eighth had to advocate type in Edward the eighth Hitler. And you'll see him in videos, films and photos. He was in Spain in World War Two start.

Where do you think the contact with the aliens came from? When did that start? Alright, this

is the most important thing we're not aliens. Lana, hold

on. Hold on. interdimensional aliens.

alien beings anything out of this world?

What? When was when did that happen that I sketch that motherfucking thought come loose? No, no, I don't think it's fake. I need to hear about aliens. Yeah, marijuana.

You know, what's crazy about aliens? Is it. YouTube made a big announcement that they're gonna go after a 911 videos. Anything? I don't know if this is true. I don't know. But is it true that they're de monetizing any videos that have truth or liberty in them? Is that true? Yes, but that's stupid. I heard well, that sounds crazy. Let me finish let me finish real quick. It's crazy how they're going after 911 miracle cure. They're blowing up alien videos. Wonderful, strongest monetized videos out there.

I don't know. But it's true. Strong. monetize. Well, there's a lot of videos out there. Best deals

that the top top of the line sponsors I'll tell you when Eddie's right. I actually know the numbers that blowing up alien videos

there's a little kid who makes $22 million a year reviewing toys. No, no, that's like the number one his knee like one of the number one guys on YouTube. It's like eight.

I'm saying alien videos get monetized fun high level you know why sponsors the high level one because

they're not. They're not offensive. People get drawn into them, but they're simply one of them. It's

why don't they shut that shit down because they're talking about that the government is lying and covering me because it's funny, but it's right.

How did the connection with aliens start? You said this is the most important thing you discuss on the pie. cast me.

I love you to death and you're awesome. That's why I asked for you to be here if

you want to believe in aliens. I'm cool with that. I still love you. I don't care. I don't care about that. That's it. I'm

this is not what I believe. I love you for who you are. I'm trying to tell you something. Listen, man, let me tell you something. Let me tell you some. Okay, I'm not making this stuff up.

I believe you believe it. No, I

mean, the stuff I told you earlier about my dad at the table being offered half a million dollars in 1980. Sadly, that they'll cyborgs?

No, he wasn't here for that part. Okay, he came in later. But tell me how the connection with aliens got started.

With who connection aliens and the Nazis.

When people started becoming obsessed with contact with the aliens. He was saying the Nazi 47 Some sort of a connection.

You know? And he's right. They flood YouTube and mainstream media. Like they always thought it was safe. I thought about the private Federal Reserve the New World Order but went on some big show, as long as it makes aliens and weather. And I was never the alien guy. Right? I've ever been the big I would never

know. You know what? i That's right. I remember when I was balls deep in Aliens, because I believed all that shit. I believe. It used to be that you'd be a conspiracy theorist if you believe that aliens put them out anymore. But now you believe in aliens.

Now, okay, well that lets tell me how the connection between aliens and the Nazis took place. When did all this start?

Well, let me let me begin. Because this is really, I'm telling you, Joe, this is a real deal. I believe you this is you asked Who are they? It's people who are psychically genetically available to interface in this incredibly diverse universe with all these dimensions above and below and all around us with consciousnesses. And the truth is no energies ever destroyed. It all continues on. The truth is our body. This is a fact. Or a communal hive organism of all of our ancestors and all of their race memories, but not in just some compressed epigenetic system. It's beyond that. It's an electrochemical antenna. They've proven this that connects to higher and lower dimensions. Show our body shoe czar because our predecessors would put us in a position without giving us a body suit. That is them. Our families are loving us. They're holding us. They're wrapped all around us their strength, their will their bad, they're good. Their sins, the good things they did the battles they won the battles they lost the woman they loved, the man they love. It's all in us. All these people are able to look into so many things and have so many different experiences. So all the shaman all the ancient religions, everybody says there are the good ones and there are the bad ones. And the and people are interfacing. So you say where does it begin? From the Tibetans to the Mesoamericans, to the Egyptians, to the Druids, to every ancient society describes the same thing. There are bad things that look like elves that have horns, when they show you they really are. And there are good things, but they don't contact you unless you contact them. And then they they're almost not even concerned with what you're doing. I never bought into this look to do it. But then I began to think about what I hear when I was a kid. What did I see what was coming on government documents, what was being admitted, when I read all these books about World War Two of the Nazis and Hitler obsessed with the Dalai Lama and the Tibetans and what they were able to do without drugs to interface with this. And all the rituals they would do and how they were believed that beyond the ether, like Skull and Bones is a German death cult, they do rituals and take drugs to talk to the goddesses. Well, there's just appearing as you know, sexy, beautiful women. It's whatever you want as the spirit guides, because lower entities will come in and violate your freewill, God and His angels which are below him, will not get involved in your everyday life. They will not manipulate your freewill unless you ask them in. But then the devil masquerades as an angel of light. So we're on this planet a third dimension, which is a launchpad all the other dimensions below and above the third dimension, all the mathematic shows is, is the primal see of where all this happens in the earth like an egg. And we've got all this potentiality and God will send out a transmission for a larger plan but evil is willing to come in and what does it say demoralized, get rid of children don't have kids, humans are bad, you'll be will be better once you're all gone. And it's because it's their operational mission for whatever reason that will understand later what's going on. So the Nazis we get the deep literature, they believed they were basically say, on seeing and being possessed by entities that I mean, it was before the Nazis for whatever reason, it was the Germans that this happened to, and the Swiss, like they didn't discover LSD in the 30s. These These people were running the psychology departments, they were interfacing with the occult, they were involved in all this crazy stuff. And it was all about their power and how great they were going to be, the Germans were seduced. And they were seduced because they had high IQs. But more than that, they were psychically connected to each other and would work like robots. This Chinese and the EU want robots replaces the follow orders. And the Chinese are very conscious with a conscience. They're also very robotic. But the Germans are just as robotic. So this entity system picked Germans as its attempt, even in World War One, World War Two, and it was manipulating the Brits as well, and offering them technologies, but two different paths. One was social control, and also their stuff with the Brits. The other was high tech weapons systems interdimensional with the Germans. And so whoever these players are, you can dial into them, it's very dangerous. They're manipulating the British arm versus the German arm. And then they've got the Chinese arm that's almost seen as like a robot army. And, and so when you study it, the globalist go to these events. And they take bigger and bigger doses of drugs, they do electroshock, if you go back, the owners of Time Life books didn't weren't just in the 20s and 30s, in the LSD and other hallucinogens. And apothecary they weren't getting electroshock they were, they were they were having people turn their heart off to like, try to communicate with these things, to try to be dominant and get that so you go back 1000s of years, Merlin you know, the archetypal, or, or these magicians or these, these wizards are taking drugs in these temples, and interfacing with these palantir's. These crystal balls, which aren't really crystal balls, it's their psychic focus, have an interdimensional connection while they're on drugs, looking into glass, to then be able to see the future and understand what's happening to give them temporal power over this planet. But like the Bible tells you any pharmakeia or any of that always leads to destruction, because only evil is going to come through that way. So we're basically have these light sockets. We can't jack into the higher let's get our free will. And that takes time. We jack in to the evil so you can jack into evil you can't jack into good right away. So it's quicker. It's easier, like Yoda says about Darth Vader, quicker, easier, more seductive. And so then I remember being a kid, and and my parents don't really get mad about this, whatever. They even know what they were hearing at the time. But they had friends that they knew at UT that were involved in research projects. And then they were nine times out of 10. I heard about research projects in San Francisco. UT has some MIT has a lot. And anytime you want. But this was in like the 60s, they had Virtual Reality gloves, where you'd put them on and put goggles on. And you'd go into stuff that looked like the holodeck from Star Trek 20 years where it existed. And they were doing surgeries and all this and they would do empathy loads, where they'd say we need the public because we're so weak because the West is so strong. People haven't had traumas they sold them low level. Oh, we're going to create trauma. Like when you go to them hours you're not getting any gravity so your heart shall get when you get there who's organizing all this? Well they don't tell you they go Oh, it's a special class you've been so in the 60s they had

a special class of people that are organizing all this shit is the highest scores but is it's for for what purpose? You don't know. gain

social circle jackpots. Parsons. Was the Jet Propulsion

Laboratory Aleister Crowley devil worship? Exactly. So you're saying generally over 100 years ago,

the aliens given the planet, the founder of JPL, Jack Parsons. Have you heard this before? No, I

just can't believe I didn't want to have Alex on the pod. But did let

me finish. Let me say this project over but I'm not bullshitting you. Okay, I'm telling you this stuff. I don't believe in this. Okay. There it is. Right there.

was patented in 1957. VR machine.

Exactly. Know Exactly. So I've told you people not just family. And

when vibration, aroma, stereo sound color, motion, wide vision and 3d three dimensional, but let me tell you,

they wore a mask in the 60s and 70s. That was already like you see, like paper thin TV screens. And it was already I toggle. They said there's no way this was human technology.

See, we've seen these foldable phones. Yeah, yeah. I think the aliens have already taken over Samsung and Huawei. Yeah. Do you think the aliens are taking over Samsung? They have something to do with Samsung? Well,

obviously, that's what I'm telling you is. The Pentagon isn't worried about this.

Jamie says the patent. Wow. And notice

that's the least of the 60s, I believe. 1957. So notice, that's exactly what you're getting. That's what my dad told me. That's what our

HTC Vive looks like we have

today. This is my dad didn't tell me this. Until he saw endgame. And he said, No son, we had virtual reality goggles. And we had CD ROM and we had things and then something else happened. And I'm not at liberty to get into it. But I was shown three years ago, what the University of Washington was doing under Bill Gates. And this is in the 90s. What were they doing? What do you do they, they don't even know what they're being given. It's intravenous.

So you think it's some sort of alien intervention type shit,

dude, they, they, they to get even deeper, they turn your heart off for five minutes. And they pump oxygen into your blood. And you're in the meetings. I've talked to people that involve me, top scientist. And you're in the meetings with frickin aliens. Elves is the main group. But there's so

by shutting your heart off. It makes you have that psychedelic experience by keeping blood in your oxygen. It's keeps you alive.

Well, let's explain. Okay, the heart goes out. The body thinks it's dead, right? So you can stay in longer. I don't know all the science fine, I understand. But let's explain this lucky DMT or Ayahuasca 200 times most are astronauts a test pilots are flying planes. Those are robots now. It's all mind war. So these dudes are like it stops working once you've taken it hundreds of times. So then they start taking their most psychic people who are able to do this they turn their heart off. And then they put them into these these events and, and it's like the things that aliens tell them they come out and they tell scientists and it works. Show

like we're gonna ship.

They didn't tell you to kill for this stuff. Joe, this is not the only thing they want me off here. Because when I finally figured this out, because I never touched aliens, I kind of knew the whole thing already. Here's what I'm talking about when I was a kid. Wait nine, whatever it was. This one this lady would come over that had known my parents since ut was involved. And she talked about Yeah, we call it the psychedelic research center where the name was, but it's really a CIA deal. And you know, we just can't find people that can handle it. They're going in the hills want this? And the elves want us to basically reduce population and agree to the certain plans and it's always the humanization and they call them the elves clockwork elves. And they're like, Yeah, I'm listening. My parents are like seven, eight years old and they don't think you're listening talking about well, this is what the elves want. This is what they're gonna do. And the thing is, he's not my parents aren't that special. You go out to San Francisco. That's all there is. Dude. It's a cult man. You and all these guys you know from San Francisco dude. You look at look at the head of Google or YouTube or frickin apple. He's on TV. Tim Cook in his eyes are this big under lights. Man. These guys are on stuff that like nobody even knows what do you think they're on? stuff they've been given. I mean, I know people at UT they won't tell me specifically but outside the

dude who owns YouTube Who's that guy? What's his name?

Girl you success

is alphabet the parent company is

or take take

take pitch. All right, dude. There's not like a Jack Dorsey of YouTube. take take take take Sundar

Pichai sorry. He goes in Congress. I'm there. He's the CEO of YouTube. He's the CEO of Google, Google, sorry. And he's literally on TV going. We never fix the result. We don't spy on anybody. There is no surveillance. He got all these old white men. And I'm not saying a white man to be trendy. It's all a bunch of old dumb ass white men, and a couple of dumb ass old Mexican black ladies. They're all dumb, or we'll call it they are going. So yoodo spouting or controlling meanwhile, their own perspectives to their shareholders is how they control it all how they're going to deliver maximum profit. And Sundar is like, yes, it is true. We have never controlled the search result. And it's just I'm just listening to paralyze. Meanwhile, this guy is only the front guy of Eric Schmidt. And God knows what they're into there. I mean, it hasn't been

proven that Google does something to alter search results

I'm asking because I don't know. Not asking to fuck with you. Uh, ya know, what did they do Google

itself is about if you pay them they put your results at the top just like Facebook. Okay, well

that's definitely altering search results. So what he said was not true. If they if you can pay it's like

saying water eight wet Joe. I know you know all this stuff. No, no, no, I

don't know that. I don't know that. Now. Listen, I'm honest about what I don't know. I know some things but I there's a lot of fucking holes in my knowledge base. That's a fact. Well, you

know that they try to block my name and directed toward negative stuff.

I'm sure they do. Because all they manipulate all they

do is all they do is the negative you attack me it's digital currency. You go to the top and they pay you money. Right? Some of your buddy a little tip watching. Attack me lie about me. You go to the top you lose your soul. Your soul, but I don't want to burn this out. It's important stuff to cover. Haley, this is a good podcast Listen, don't in this job is I'm gonna miss my mom. I'm gonna miss my flight. Look at this right here. What is the endgame? I mean, here's example earlier, we already talked about human animal hybrids, mass farming of humanoid tissue, transhuman in game, and we talked about aliens. And you looked it up, and it's all right there. Yeah, that's for the aliens. Creating an

animal isn't alien, like greys and stuff like that.

Do you think greys are like a robot? Yeah, I think I've heard that theory that it's not a real thing. The idea is that a certain point in time, you can interface with that robot so that you could see it in real time through its eyes. Leaving grocery I don't know, this is what I'm saying. If if one day in biological androids Hold on a second. If one day in the future, they figure out a way to take a thing that looks like a humanoid avatar. Yeah, and transport it through a spaceship onto another planet. And you could look through its eyes because you're somehow or another connected to it the same way they're connected. I

know you're all being prepared for video games, where your bow hunting and you're all that. You just saw the 1950s diagram of the VR goggles. Can we pass that famous photo of

you don't believe in any aliens, Eddie?

I don't believe they come from up there. They're interdimensional. I think they're from the same place. We think we're in this vast plane. They got us enclosed in this little thing.

Eddie, you learn here's the thing. You learn what the plan is by the attack. They don't want us having kids. They want us to moralized. They want to break us down. They don't want us to think we expand. And they don't want us to believe that their space. And I'm not trying to attack you. But they don't want third dimensional resource expansion. I don't even know what they don't want.

Third Dimensional resources, betcha. Yeah. What does that mean? Well,

I don't I don't know if I want this guy or not. Oh,

that's a 1950s diagram. No. I never saw that. I'm glad he found the patent. Yeah. My dad told me. Oh, we had virtuality. And then I talked to this scientist. He put me in touch with somebody else. And then I found out other stuff. Let's just say this. I'm not in the CIA. mean, either. I'm not the NSA mean, either, but they've been tracking me my whole life.

Do you think they give you disinformation? Sometimes? You're

absolutely for sure. It was the CIA. It was the former deputy director basically the CIA section chief, will founder founder of Delta Force. Who got me to like two weeks ago, Alex, you're not saying Sandy Hook stage you need to go say Sandy Hook stage. He goes, Oh, we have the people were there. And just because he was famous MIT scientists and stuff. I went with that. So do you think they already had aI computers? Probably. I'm speculating, looking away out to set me I mean, I don't know. I'm

sure this people setting everybody up. If you think I told you about this I don't know if I told you about it told people that listen this podcast but this woman, Renee de resta and she had a podcast with Sam Harris where they went into detail about the operation that people use to troll Facebook pages and Instagram pages and create these were the Russians had created these troll bots and these meme pages where the hundreds of 1000s of

Russians are all doing it everyone's doing everyone's doing yeah do that just Russians are

everyone's doing but the thing that was fascinating was she was saying that they organized a Muslim event across the street from a pro Texas event. Yeah, well, they want explosions they would have Black Lives Matter next to Blue Lives Matter. They'd set everybody up with every bit of blue lives matter is a lot

Morrison at Film School here in California trained on the CIA.

What was he trained? I was trained on Can I can I said this before? And I've said that's gotta be I gotta be I'm not gonna. You got to pay again. Let me go first. So

me and Jamie all we got the Cleveland Browns will go off about fucking Baker Mayfield.

Let me just say this.

They got that new guy from Kansas City. And

the only way they get what I'm actually saying is infowars.com and news wars.com. You have to be we had 26 million subscribers between my three shows on iTunes. All they were doing was linking to my feed. They d listed that and it killed us. And I was always like, oh god, oh, that'll care about being deleted off YouTube or Facebook. God don't figure out the iTunes don't don't do it. That was like devastating. Because people are like habitual eyes listen to you. They don't anymore. But I want to be 100% clear, you have to go to infowars.com You have to go to news wars.com. If you want to actually hear what I have to say. In fact, I'm not telling you guys what to play. Joe, I'm not mad at Joe. But he heard me say that Jimmy Chevelle would go have sex with dead kids and also cut out their pituitary that has Adrenochrome and eat it. And I know that sounds completely insane. He was a famous child molester. It's admitted. And so Joe's like, oh, that's crap. That's crazy. Alex has gone schizophrenic. Well, yeah, I probably gone crazy. Looking at all this and actually caring. Most people don't go crazy. But the Adrenochrome thing is real. So if you go to what's the exact video, if this is a three minute video that I really think people should see. It doesn't defame anybody. It doesn't name names. It doesn't do any of that stuff. But if you go to infowars.com and Drina chromo she read her?

Let's Adrenochrome Oh, man,

dude, it's just you've heard about all these rich startup companies that like well the parents agree the kid has a right to 10 year olds and blows blood whatever we people taking his blood, right?

Yeah, seems like a team blood is works well. For people in their elderly years.

Is this true? Absolutely. Conspiracy Theory. No, it's It's all true. And that's what I'm saying is vampirism doesn't mean vampires are real. It means that attitude I don't know if we could find this a three minute video on our reporters did Audrina Chrome. Oh, yay, you sent it to me. Right? Can you tell him the name is on your phone? You got it? Okay. This is only three minutes and it'll name any Hmm. telling you this is real play

it will give here's the thing start with Stop, stop right here. YouTube just released a bunch of total new guidelines. Wherever you play anybody's content you get a strike against you. You're pulled for 90 days you can't stream can't do shit. Yeah,

now they're saying comments that are bad. Yes. So guilty for what your neighbor does? Well, not the YouTuber not gonna do that to you? Well, I

don't know who the fuck is gonna do it to who? But after this podcast, I think all bets.

This is our own content. Is it true fair use?

Is it true that YouTube is really D monetizing any videos that have truth? And here's what I liberty is that

not everybody gets paid on? Y'all advertise on our radio shows. And our TV shows this big diversified media worldwide, said, Hey, here's where you can get our material. It's a great system. So for 10 years, we built it up so that the web was 90% decentralized. Now it's 90% centralized. And so once the big tech got us all centralized, they went Oh, yeah. Just like when your cash flows will take your bank account away. If you don't support us, boom, you're all gone. So now we have to fight back against that.

There's something to that, you know, there's something to this idea that one giant corporation can decide, especially based on their own personal ideology, what gets put on and what doesn't get put on

because Joe, they're control freaks. So glad you're in the fight now. Thank you. Is there is there?

What does that mean? Japanese is,

hey, listen, it's my video. It's totally legal. It just talks about Google searches for Adrenochrome. Now I authorize you to share my video. Okay.

The only issue I have just right at the beginning. I see it has a part of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Yes.

Get us the guest Now, let's tell people the link so they can go to it themselves show it. But this is essentially about people that are putting old people. Is it people are putting young people's blood into old people's bodies? Is that what it is? It's

that you were and I know what your question is. You're not a psychotic demon demon person. Thank you. And believe that Alex says some BBC broadcaster would go have sex with dead kids bodies in the morning to bring

that someone who said, what I said that I didn't believe Bill Maher was a pedophile. That's all I said. I

said that. His thing is, I don't think it's pedophile either. Everybody I know says he likes women, which is fine.

I think he likes women. You know what we're talking about him earlier. And I can say this, from the perspective of a stand up comedian, we say a lot of shit that we don't entirely mean because we think it's funny, Eddie, and I do it all the time. That's why Eddie said that to you earlier, you really think that someone's going to heart they're going to legislate to harvest babies. He's doing that to fuck with you know, style of comedy. But like, Eddie's been doing that stock comedy since I met him like he loves to do that. He loves to pretend and fuck with you and then get you upset. He's like, I'm joking. Joe,

your nursing that drink? Let's slam okay.

I can have one of them whiskeys over Yeah, we

got another beverage. Oh, bravo is

about to turn loose. Now. Just a little Hey, I get you're busy. But last time you did a comedy show. We're gonna get stakes for this or not? Yes. Do it. Let's

do it. You want? Z vn it?

Can you imagine if we announced we're gonna get six years? No, we can't talk to Joe. Hey, but Joe, let me get real serious. And everything, everything. I appreciate you.

Listen, I'm glad we did this. All right. No, that's tough.

I was gonna say this one to be clear. I have literally been trying to find out what's going on. And as you get older, you figure out more stuff. I am not the one saying there's all these aliens, the entire government. And all of these advanced groups. That's why they've given up on space is all about interdimensional. So I didn't finish up about I don't want to get any tech that I'll get into your take, okay, is that I've got a pretty good understanding by interviewing a bunch of people involved, about what the master plan is and exactly who we're dealing with. Because it's not just one group of aliens.

What's the different groups? And what are you basing this on? Like, what? When you say it you're saying like, really? Like, you're really sure. What do you base this on?

You know about general stuff? bulbine, right? No, don't? Okay. Well, he was a Major General, was a three star general. And he was the head of all class, clandestine operations for the US government for like 15 years. And he said on my show, before he died in like, 98, or whatever, but also in private discussions. And this is like, six, seven years ago. And that was everything like 15 years ago. I mean, this is the guy that ran the whole show, you know, Men Who Stare at Goats? Yes. That's a joke about that kind of whitewashes at all. But they broke through and got contact. And they had volunteers really serious people who, who were taking huge doses of drugs do this, then our NASA was doing it. And that's why they got to the point of saying, Well, why should we try to go to other places, the third dimension is just this empty wasteland, above it. And below it is all this incredibly complex stuff. But our brains tune all of it out if we can't handle it. Okay? That's why like young people, before they hit puberty are known to be psychic, because for whatever reason, they're able to see through the veil, and all religions are based about shakes with a veil. Well,

that's what intense meditation does for you. Right? That's Holotropic breathing a lot of that Kundalini stuff, what they're doing is allowing your brain to relax its boundaries and interface with all the other dimensions that are around us all the time. Exactly. But you usually can only get through psychedelic drugs, but Dark Forces, dark forms, generally, are the ones that are willing, good forces are not willing to get involved in free will. So you think that they are actual entities that are in these dimensions that you're in contact? Okay, there are Have you experienced any of this personally? Like I

said a minute there are there are hundreds. And they're discovering new ones all the time of parasites, bacteria, worms that control life forms.

Yes. You ever seen the zombie ants? Yes. Zombie Wasp with zombie wasp? Wasp? Yeah, they Yeah, there's so many of them. They keep finding us particularly in the insect world, which is really interesting. So

the lowest level is able to infect you with something that controls your brain down to exact activities.

Yeah, exactly. Activities. Have you personally had any experience with interdimensional beings?

Well, because it's all taboo and people let me tell you, I have

100% Tell us about it. Doing DMT 100% communicated with something the quiet She says whether that something was actually in my imagination or in my mind, or that something was something that takes place in another dimension? I don't know. I can't be sure. There's no way to put it on a scale. There's no way through a test. But what I do know is that it's the same experience. I

can be sure. Okay. I mentioned Eric Mueller, who, you know, Mancow Muller, because he's the one guy willing to let me tell his story. I've literally talked to I say, 100 people, it's probably more than that. Because I've known about this for a long time. He is a Christian. But he heard about all this. So he went down to a couple places in central South America and did it twice. Both times was 30 to 40 people in the group. And he's like, Well, Alex, I just don't believe in demons. But I did see basically aliens coming to the edge of the forest. And we were all seeing it. And we're all seeing the same thing. But I think it was a chemical reaction. You don't have if you everybody gets drunk, we all think about what happened to us in high school, or college or what's good or what's bad. We all have different experiences. When you're taking a hallucinogen. And suddenly, you're all seeing the same thing. It just means it clicked off the part of your brain as a filter, you go crazy. Yeah, because a lot of schizophrenic people just see more. And then they see everything. It doesn't mean they're right. It just means that the filter is off.

While I was said to give a run your hand over an insect that can't see they have no idea you're there. They like certain insects that just don't see anything, whether it's a centipede or whatever.

And how do we know what they see? Well,

we don't know. You're right, we by dissecting dead ones, we have an understanding of what sensors they possess and we can we think

B or A fly seeds, like a bunch of little like I told you hexagons

they have different Yeah, we don't know what the exact experience was. I told you the whole story.

got computers hooked up to the damn box. They've got everything

hooked up to those. The difference

is let me tell you, yeah, they've got roped up 35 years ago, they had remote control rats with microchips. They could send 500 yards and alarmed outbuilding with a camera on their top 830 years to get to dolphins to right Yes, sir. Up. They've gotten orphans and mainline Scientific American roaches with a chip on their head that run around. The difference is the word. The reason is dangerous. Is that once you open that gate, it's all bad. They has

it all bad. Why? Why can't you experience that interdimensional being in learn something from it and be a better person.

Because for whatever reason, at first, it's all beautiful. And so you're an Aztec base catnapping all local tribes and killing whoever's the tallest or the smartest. Every time it gets control. It starts murdering everybody. And it always starts beautiful. It always starts great. So you're

talking about ancient civilizations with a ritualized psychedelic drugs and they wind up killing everybody in every

case, in every case, the priest, che we have to probe babies into fires, we have to cut their hearts out. We have to buy congenital

True or False Supposedly, the mushrooms were used by the Aztecs so that they wouldn't resist that get them all high on mushrooms. It was beyond that we had a

cocktail, they don't resist of hallucinogens and toxins that would give him an enema. True or false though

they didn't use mushrooms just to keep them sedated.

It makes sense if you get they killed, pull this up. I think the tempo I forget how you said to con to a con. But in this one temple, I think they killed some insane amount of people after it was constructed as after the 10s of 1000s. They sacrifice 10s of 1000s of people, the ones that were actually working to build the temple once they've killed everybody.

Real real university hedge who I want to hear from them. There's the Mayans. And they said, Yeah, no, we're open air dimensional gate. The gods want blood. And they didn't take it internally to the mouth. They would take enemas of dozens of hallucinogens and alcohol. And so the priests would take a couple of drugs. And then the priests wanted to communicate with the aliens. And the aliens wanted blood. And they also said it was more like we're chopping hearts out. Yes, sir. Okay, we did 1000 Okay, the gates open. It's open. Here it

goes. Jamie says it says they, between Wow. Between 10,080 1400 persons were sacrificed in the ceremony and 1487 when the Aztecs completed the temple, and how do you say the temple name pull up the top of that? How do you say I'm rich? Good. It's a it's all over? How do you say the temple name? Oh, didn't say that's Mexico City to a con.

thing I'm saying Mexico cities where they think they killed about 5 million people. Flushing this is one day

fucking insane. They killed 80,000 people in a couple of days. That's bananas come by the

way you go down there. And you're walking around in the woods and the Mayan guy goes the bones and they pick up and you're like it's not graveled it's petrified bones are Everywhere Oh my God, let me go further. The priesthood were meat sellers. This happened in Europe as well. They would hang people up and the stores the market is below the temples. And so you would eat the meat and the most valuable meat was warriors. Like when you won the ball throwing game that went on for days they would

kill you. They killed you. The ones who won were murdered this is the thing they used to think that they sacrificed the losing team now they realize the sacrifice the winning team I had a bit about for a while where I was like that must be the longest fucking game ever. dropping the ball fucking up. They

were all fighting because they wanted to they believe that yeah, they said quits Kotla Paudel the flying serpent quits aquatic because aquatalia is going to you're going to interface it upload its brain and you look at their paintings it's all like spaceships and dials and they have perfect in the Spanish museum for 20 years proving is not a hoax because there's there's there's drawings out a 20 year old Spanish textbooks, but you know, see it a a it's about like a half foot long. It's a looks like a jumbo jet with the windows and the engines.

True or false? The Mayans smoked penis blood? They did. They did what they did was I made that shit I'm

just being silly.

So they took they took long lines of leather jagwar leather and it had it had had nails on it and an or had like spiky things glass and they would put it in their channels. The most skilled easy freeze the high priests whatever sacrificing people for hours taking Lucena Jensen would would like not try to cut his testicles off but only the most skilled would sit there and draw them through

and they would smoke the blood to their ancestors

the lower the lower priest within Pathak to their answer they would put it on sacred leaves. And then they would smoke the genital blood. Yep. Of the high priests and then they will talk to the answers

I believe it's just fun people are so goofy look if you see those African ladies with a giant plates in their lips, if you believe that the next Yeah, how about that they stretch their necks out to the point where if they take those things, their head will fall off. People are willing to do all kinds of crazy things their body I'm not surprised they smell Joe blood.

The Bible says the Old Testament New Testament which is pretty powerful. I know people misinterpret it. But it's ancient texts to people that are there. Like like you read Ezekiel like three Burning Wheels land. Yeah, there's a blue firm it over its head, it gives me something to take I take it I'm given the full data of the plan that that that the genetics has been infested, and God must destroy everyone. That's

an alien story. Oh, it's 100%. But that's what they always talk about there was talking about that being an alien story. That's why one of the primary stories when they would talk about the Bible zekiel is vision, a wheel within a wheel that they always thought of

you read it? Yeah, it says floating off the ground and the Hebrew Yeah, and the King James is pretty clear to floating comes a thing with a crystal firm and over its head. And then the face is shifting different creatures. It's like a video screen. Well, if

you think about how long it would take for an alien to get here, it really only makes sense that unless they have a constant basis that a robot they visit, or if they if they came by themselves, they came by themselves a long fucking time ago. Look, if they were able to make interstellar travel, like 3000 years ago, which is not that big of a leap. If you think about us, 3000 years from now, we probably can do something like that. Right? So if they were doing that 3000 years ago, and they found human beings and these are the stories that we have these stories like Ezekiel and like, there's a bunch of different ancient stories about contact with the skies. You know, the

tabulation? Yeah, there's a world government. The beast is 50 feet tall. It shifts everyone can see at the same time, it's a hologram. And you've got these digital systems. If you don't go along with you can't buy or sell. Yeah, people say oh, that's not real, but it's manifesting

and then go 2000 years in the future. They have advanced technology. They don't send people anymore. Now they send the aliens. If you go back to the old days, it was actually some sort of humanoid are a large thing like all the Zechariah Sitchin shit. Sumerian text. Exactly. That's what I make sense. That's

what all those guys are telling you like Avatar, James cameras definitely dialed in. It's like, No, we're there, Jack. They're jacking him.

Well, it makes sense that if there was a visitor to this planet 510 15,000 years ago, if there was maybe more, maybe there was a visitor hundreds of 1000s of years ago that actually did genetic experiments on lower hominids. If that was really the case. It makes sense that their technology would increase far more rapid but let's go

past that. Obviously, scientists like to plant things gardeners like to plant things and but that's Joe. That's exactly what the globalist believe, is

that maybe they're just aware of what the fuck is going on there as powerless as we are If the renal

artery more and more they only put soulless people in charge who are compartmentalized nobody else knows who will carry this out but we're able because we're advanced look at this because let's just get down to brass tacks tax

love tax law. No, Joe, you

just said it instead of some weird dumb preacher you know, in Alabama bashing Alabama saying stuff you get mad at this. Don't look at lots of demonized look at why it's demonized. Think about that. Right? Think about how it says that there's no reality and God creates a whole new virtual reality gives light does all of it. And then his genetic experiment by rogue elements gets involved. It's all right there when you actually look at it, and you expand on it. And you're like, Oh, my God, this is like beyond a science fiction book. And so it's the obvious thing. That's why they keep telling us Oh, look, Piltdown Man. Oh, it's fake stuff. No, Joe. They did an accelerated mutagenic. They're doing to us now something new. They didn't accelerate immunogenic program on this planet. And humanity. What what is the Bible start with? It says we are bathed in the image of God. What does that mean? We don't have God's knowledge of God's advancement. We're the image Well, what is an image? It's a scan. It's numbers. It's the genetics. It's the potential. So we are the aliens, Joe, and everybody already knows this. We are the aliens. Do

you think that we are a product of alien intervention, they took these lower hominids and they accelerated their evolution by applying their genetics.

You know, we here's the deal. They say we're 97% chimpanzee, but then they actually get into deeper genetics. We're closer to pigs or rats. Show I think that this was an environment built for us where the master genetic program and they're all subsets of us, just for a backstory. And that's what the globalist thing. Yeah,

but do you think that the aliens created us like this is like one of the primary here's

what the elite believes. The elves are biological Androids, the greys and then there's other systems going on. And no one knows it's all warfare, psychological stuff. No one knows the truth because it's virtual reality. Once you get to that level, so no one knows. We just don't we're advanced. But we are and I'm not to say it's a rifle powerful. The globalist are obsessed. The elites are obsessed, because reportedly, obviously humans are pretty, pretty cool. We've got some big giant mission. And maybe that's a program I don't know, that we're like, pretty, super advanced. But you can't put something out like the Spartans were when their kids were seven, they throw them out for two years in the woods. You can't just put something out like Like, like, like liberals, you give everybody everything. They're little assholes. So this is like bootcamp and training. And they, so they have to test us and do all this. And basically, this planet is what the people say it's a big testing ground for other things that are going to come. And we are it we are God. And I don't mean I'm god, I'm already god, I've achieved godhood. Because you can see that potential in yourself and the lower level elves will tell you that because they already know you're badass. But if they can trick a tadpole, it's gonna grow into Godzilla to go kill itself. They're winning. So you see, so the elves are attached. The elves are a test on us to attack us and see the survival of fittest, but they're nothing they're like, but by the time we achieve conscious when we look back, go, we're not gonna be looking at that. Because I think when you jump to the next level, there's even bigger war going

on. What's the biggest war

Consciousness in the Universe is an interdimensional spacecraft. Beyond that, that looks like a comment from my research. And it has it has its head as its Corona consciousness, consciousness, it

carries evil in the tail. So consciousness has a location.

No, there is this giant consciousness as God, okay, swimming in a giant system of survival, the fittest that God has created to test God's self. Okay, it looks like a comment. So you got God's conscience and all the good things, the knowledge going forward, but God knows that everybody has to be tested. So the tail goes out. And at the end of the tail is basically evil. That's why Christ says Get behind me Satan. And it's always trying to test God and infiltrate up into it to sabotage Damn,

they do pull the plug in this podcast is a good way to end this motherfucker.

I have your burn out want to fit Oh no,

I'm just saying 1300 And something if the fucking government's come in,

but shall they love

you guys been talking about aliens so much dude. trust me this is one of the biggest YouTube videos of all is

that the move to talk about aliens as much as

they love aliens. They allowed a children's program won't be

as alien stuff where were they come out of space? It's interdimensional Eddie. Well, when

you say aliens, talking to the media that's what it sounds like elite

literally believe they're in contact with these things. Well, maybe they Are you describe what you saw on DMT? And you tell us you

have these experiences where the thoughts become patterns they become like geometric patterns that are moving through space and they change and shift but they're letting you know that they know all your bullshit they see right through you. Is creation want you to relax? Yes, there is a lot of that there's a lot of thought as creation. Yeah,

but but the only

Oh relax to see don't struggle. I wouldn't call them

aliens, though. What I saw what I never referred to him as a look. That's

the turtle one knows what not of this world, not of our average thing.

I would listen, I would think it was Aliens, if it woke me up in the middle of the night and took me aboard a ship. And that's what I experienced. I would be 100% convinced that I went to an alien spaceship. And I talked to these things, the differences how it was like to smoke it and then lay back and then experience that is like I expected that progression of events. But if I woke up in the middle of the night, I was going to take a leak and a light shone down to the bathroom and they suck me through the window took me aboard a spaceship and I saw the exact same thing that I saw when I was high on DMT had to be 100% convinced that I was in contact with aliens. The difference? The only difference is how I got there. Like I got there through a drug I got there through smoking something that's produced by the human brain that I knew was pretty safe. No one's ever died of it. I'm like, let's see what happens to

everyone I've talked to in mash groups taking particularly Ayahuasca. Yeah, they have group events and see the same thing to hear the same. Yes, yeah. Which is the psychic connection. But it's beyond that. You could argue one person's a psychic leader. They projected everybody else's mind. Yeah, but who's projecting that into them? So that's the only way it's out. This. This is why the Pentagon in way

might not be someone projecting anything into your mind. It might be your newfound ability to perceive things that you could, the way I look at it is like, No,

I agree. But why are they all 43 people? You know, in Costa Rica all shooting aliens. This

is a bad example. This is a bad example. But it's not a bad one. If you fart and you didn't have a nose, no one would know if we didn't have a sense of smell. We didn't have a sense of smell we could still get along in the slideshow. I agree. There was a way to visually see a food as an individual elucidation. There's

all saying but what

I'm what I'm saying is it's entirely possible that there's multiple dimensions or multiple things that we can't perceive that we haven't we don't have the senses for that are around us. All

right. So just briefly, and you jump in there ready? Let me tell you what my deep research and basically vision is. Okay. It just means you're what things crystallize epiphany to talk about 12 dimensions, love unknown 12 Being omnipresent. So we don't say it actually exists. To say that is arrogant, so I won't say that. But I have had dreams my whole life that come true. And the weirdest thing like a lady drops a thing of pickles at the store for five years. I have the dream that one day, I'm there and it's the woman in the pickles break. Or was this kid when I was a kid, it was more intense, guys

fucking crazy. So you for five years, you had the same dream that one day it happened? Yes. Was it exactly how you dreamt ish?

Fuck. For about six months, I had a dream of a guy and a purple and green striped shirt. And I'm like, why am I want? Because it's not like normal dreams. It's like you're been taken over, you always get vomit and like a lucid dream, lucid dream. And I'm walking around in Kuala behind a building. And all of a sudden, there's some dude in a purple and green striped shirt. He attacks me. And six months later, it happens. I mean, it happens. Exactly. So

what do you think is going on? If you mean, all thoughts of yourself aside, just just look at it objectively, what do you think that is?

You could say that it's human programming and basic programming in the brain. Do think you're

tapping into a timeline that maybe you can't access all the time. But that's what I know. Grant, one of the reasons why you can rant and rave and when you spew out information the way you do, which is very impressive. The way you can talk about three hours straight get excited. You do the majority of your programs entirely by yourself.

No telephone, I

agree with you, as long as I'm telling you that you're not doing something unusual.

I'm not even doing it. It's like a river is going by there's a turtle there's a fish, there's a log. That's why it's like random like what is this? What is that? Exactly

right. But that's how you communicate. That's like in the beginning of the thing. We were talking about Sandy Hook, I kept trying to slow you down. I was like, I'm not following you down this river. You just hit this one rock, I want to talk about this rock. I want to talk about the next rock but you just keep going. The way you think about things is you're you're chaining one thing to the next thing to the next thing to the next thing. And for people who are not thinking the way you're thinking it can be exhausting. Like you're trying to

write about it all. I'm only showing the electric code

but I'm wondering because of the fact you're telling me that you had these dreams that came true exactly the way you dreamt them. I know you're not Oh shit. You're not a liar. I've known you for a long time. If that really did happen to you, if this is your real life experience, I want to know what the fuck that is. Are you? Are you? Are you on the periphery? Do you have your finger on a membrane that maybe other people can't totally touch? Or occasionally, just occasionally you get a little peek through, and you get to see the other side, even if it's only once or twice in your life? Who's to say that what you're experiencing by being able to see these things that manifest themselves realistically in the future that this isn't what human beings will have five years from now? Or 100 years from now? Well, sure, exactly. We

think of like a shell foamy magic otter,

we think we're all the same. That's the thing. We think we're all the same. We're not all the same. We're not all the same in our ability to talk, you can talk for a lot longer than I do. Eddie Bravo could talk about jujitsu better than both of us. He needs a musician. So you and I both suck at music, right? So there's certain things that people can do that you can't let

me try to describe it. And they'll use it against me, but no, say don't touch it, because it's their whole religion. And again, Stan, I'm talking about it. By the time I was like three years old, I would have this dream that God has. Because God knows everything is a super intelligent, omnipresent, unlimited dimensions, but God doesn't know where God came from. So just like we're trying to find out where we came from. God is like a virtual reality simulation as well. And God is constantly running every program, every operation, turning evil, loose, could lose everything show I would have these dreams. But the earliest memories, like two, three years old, where I would fly out to the edge of infinity. And it was it was continual message, find out where we came from, find out where it is. And it would just be this big, giant spinning black vortex, like a black hole. And then I would have to go into that, trying to figure out what was going on. And never, it was the same thing. And so it's just incredible frustration. So then growing up and dealing with things and questioning politics and questioning all these other areas. That having dreams that come true, exactly. And like knowing what's going to happen before it happens, and then questioning it. And then it never being wrong. Like weird, like crazy stuff, man. Like, like just so much stuff where it becomes like you can't even deal with you like dial it out. And then you just reached that point where you don't even know what's real anymore, because it's so crazy. But then you see like the mathematics of the whole system. And you know how it works. It's not like you're schizophrenic. You talk about it, you deal with it and actually works like now when you find a system, you automatically know what to do. Like when you talk about something the President word for word repeats me Trump is what freaks him out word for word, a whole speeches, like whole things and I'm on a power trip. That's what they flipped out about at the CIA and everywhere else. And they're like, well, Jones is like connected to Trump and I think Trump's like an idiot savant.

What does that have to do with the speech? Explain that Trump speech? I'm trying to follow I don't even know I don't even know the thing.

It's hard to follow you sometimes. Because

you were talking about Trump's Trump's

ability. Well, even before that, he was talking about God.

Oh, yeah. So God. God knows everything except where God came from.

That's a good sound bite right there.

Do you think that God is just like every other system that we see? Like think of this? There's no one odd is the motion because no one heard there's no one bird that's running all the birds. There's no one person that's running all the people because it's all chaos. Even if we elect someone if they have the fuck people hate them. Everybody's in chaos. There's cotton. They're trying constant power struggle. Are you so do you think that God has centralized? Do you think that the idea of God is decentralized that maybe God is a real thing? But God is not one person? God is literally Free Will organisms God is not just Free Will God it's consciousness. It's all the organisms it's every fucking technological innovation. I

think God's will tell us the thing. No, I agree with you. New Age is a counterfeit Joe I agree with counterfeit. No confidence it's real. Oh, because they all say Oh, God is everything Oh, it was true. God is experiencing consciousness are all of us. There's there's you know, Mike,

wherever hard time saying that. I know this. I could say God might be decentralized. I could say God might just be just like every other organism on the planet. It's just something that's moving in a certain direction, trying to protect itself and trying to procreate and trying to advance trying to innovate and trying to be better than it was yesterday. It's like everything is doing every fucking animal that started out as a single celled organism is trying to survive and create themselves well, it's not necessarily that it didn't create itself. It's something created it slowly but surely, let's say that through the process, revolution and mutation, this

is the heat go on when people go on for hours. We should do an epic podcast but the point is, we should not give up. Let's don't give up the point as If there is a pro human future and a pro freewill future, and the globalist or, or the anti human, anti freewill future. So all I know is just swim towards the line. This is pro human future. This

is the point. And this is one of the reasons why I wanted to discuss this with you. And this is one of the things that I've talked about with Tim Poole recently. And one of the things that when we have a revised podcast, which is coming up very soon with Jack from Twitter, we all need to talk about open communication, that this is it's very bad for all people involved, to shut people down from communicating. As long as they're not doing anything to actively try to harm somebody. They said

those that make peaceful, peaceful action or whatever he said, people that make peaceful action, illegal, make violence inevitable. And

that's a you might have paraphrase it, but that's a perfect quote. People don't like being left on the outside. And that's what I came. One of the things about you and I have in this conversation and we had our blow up is coming to understand that you felt like you were left on the outside, and me as a person who was constantly busy and wasn't paying attention that it was selfish of me to not pay attention to how you must have felt to be stuck on the outside. Well, I just felt regardless of what you did, what were you wish you didn't do or didn't do? What I like about you is what we saw today. I mean, one of the best things about this podcast is I got to show people what I really love about Alex Jones, you're fucking fun. This is hilarious and you say a lot of shit that turns out to be real and turns out to be of real concern. And you make some really good points about all the shit

that has shown in the past. I don't want to be right about them killing

babies doesn't work. I know you don't want to be around about human you don't have to be you don't mean doesn't matter whether you right here. Oh, Jesus, what's

your longest podcast? We're

going? No, don't do that. That was like six hours. I think Kevin Smith was the longest he's like five and a half. Fuck that dude. Oh, he's a great guy. Just kidding. Okay, 30 more. You're gonna find man hours. Look, here's listen.

I'll be honest with you. I'm kind of retarded in that No, no, no, that's gonna be a soundbite.

They're gonna put that to mariachi music.

No

I might have to use Elon Musk. Flame thrower to light the next choice.

Tobacco No, no, seriously, when it comes to regular

regular tobacco with no marijuana at all. Would you like some? Yes. Okay.

Nobody no weed for our guts never wrong. That the show it'll

show your your points because there's no one points. That's

all I got points. 100% Yeah, 100%

I ain't got no points.

He's got some great points. No,

no. Eddie Eddie.

Big UFC is the ambassador

of the Flat Earth Society. No, he's not.

Eddie barely listen, he doesn't believe more than he believes this became a universal truth. He would fucking start believing the Earth is round. No Flat Earth

Society contrary is flat the Flat Earth Society is controlled opposition. Nobody gets in flatter. Okay.

Listen, I know there's a lot of bullshit. So I want her to sign. Real. I respect you. I do. I love you. The point is, is that I'm asking you a real question here. Okay. It'd be the biggest documentary in history. It only costs like a million dollars. Okay, let's do that. 50,000 tonne big ship and to have it circumnavigate the planet and you will be there with GPS No, no, I'm

not gonna be there. No, we're gonna get someone to represent me there. Okay. We're not doing

we're launching the discovery of flat Earth project. Well

that Rocket Man dudes already shooting himself in the space. Isn't he like

really easy, you know, you know you prove the earth that we really live on a ball how when you when they supposedly make those missions to the ISS when they shoot up? Just have that one of the astronauts that's going to go to the ISS just have a GoPro camera on his on his helmet and just go uncut. No cuts. No cuts from the time you get on that ship to the time you dock and I want you to dock

and Fred No, I'm freaking Synology who's

listening at the sock be combative here, but it's competitive. So we talked I know but you talking over each other? If that did happened, would you you want someone's tobacco? Alex Jones.

Dude, sure if that happened was the first time I'm saying this. I've been saying if that happened that happened.

You let it go? Yeah.

There's no footage of the construction of the International Space Station. There is no footage. It just appears there's not a spare. There's no footage of the commercial modules of the internationals Are you sure about that? 100% There's no footage of the construction.

That shit. I don't handle that we're at the space station. I've known astronauts. They're real people, man. They were there. They are real people. I didn't

say they weren't real. So you don't think it's really constructed? Or you would like to see the footage first. Listen,

listen, if you know there's a there's a debate. Let me finish to let me just there's a debate out there. Whether you believe we went to the moon or not you everyone needs to acknowledge there is the debate. There's people that want to make the laser Hold on, hold on. There's people that believe we went to the moon, and there's people believe that we faked it, you have to understand both recitals. Exactly, exactly. So when you talk about the people that don't believe we went to the moon, when they also say they're faking other spaceship, too, you have to kind of understand where they're coming from, what they believe whether they win or not, maybe we were maybe we didn't I don't know. But there's people that don't believe it. So when they don't, you should understand it. They have no trust for any of that. How many times you gotta fake going to the moon? Before you go. Okay, before that bullshit meter just fucking

explodes. No, I agree. Let's get it out about Sandy Hook, which I think happened. Right to question Oh, one. I was watching minions three or four where they go to us. And they run through the minions unit run through Hollywood and they're staging the moon landing. People have a right to do that. Let's do this. Nobody wants to send people up. It's a bunch of die. A bunch of test pilots die. We fly on jumbo jets around the country. Our cell phones work.

Do you hear we definitely went to the moon. Absolutely. 100% Absolutely bet your life on it. But

the difference is, is that they say I say it didn't happen. The truth is that we have a tablet Alex Jones denies moon landing.

I've denied it a bunch of times. You

know, they say Alex Jones says that there are you human slaves on Mars ever said it. But all I'm saying is I know the real NASA people. And

Wernher von Braun the guy who directed all 6 million missions was a Nazi Correct? Yes. He hung out with Walt Disney Correct? Yeah, yeah, who in the 50s just made up space they never known whenever went to space how much space what

had space? Why was on the phone do you for 45 minutes this morning? I told you I have a 12 inch telescope 12 inch diameter opening aperture Yes. It's a friggin merger taken 35 millimeter it's there it's there all

the shit you see when you look up it's there. You get a telescope you're

not gonna have spaces fade compensates you told me the fucking like effect. I can't do this.

I didn't say that lightly. I don't know. Well, I don't know what

I the way I describe this is the same way I talked about jujitsu you you should never talk about how effective martial arts

can prove that shit. You can't pull this thing camp 3 million miles

you got to believe are we even real people that have souls and freewill because you can say maybe we don't even exist. You don't exist. Joe doesn't exist. And nobody exists. So because you

have a space this big talk fucking head will

break. Not real. It's not do it?

No, but the only the only my point of all that was I don't want to have it space discussion, either. But my point is that if there's people out there that believe we faked going to the moon six times, you have to understand their skepticism that Yes.

Like this is Hold on. We actually talked about before when you understand that, that's all this is what we talked about before when he was talking about the reason why he questions anything is because he's he's seen so many different things it turned out to be So earlier, and he was actually saying that sometimes you can get fucking crazy with it. You think that everything's fake? And you call bullshit on things that really aren't. But human exploration

is real.

Yes.

We can do some stuff. Like what we've done.

What like what, like, fight wars and shit? Like what like electricity? That's awesome. Tesla, right? Yeah. Where's Tesla? No, I'm

just how about all the technology that you enjoy and make your life? I love

it. Love them? Sorry. That's, of course. Of course.

No, no allows people to understand the distance between Earth and Mars. That's the kind of

stuff then you get into science. But by the way,

you've taught me a lot and you're a really smart guy, and entrepreneur and a badass show. I think it's healthy to be where you're at questioning everything versus buying everything. All I'm telling you is is the stuff we have now. 100 years ago, it'd be considered magic. And we humans can wait. Yes, I

agree with that. Fucking iPhones.

I know people that hospital and that has nothing to do with the scientists on the main line in the videos running Naza Am I Were we there? Yes, I ran the RCA cameras. We faked the photos because the radiation belted, they called him up. But when we shouldn't have done that, I fricking know what happened.

That makes way more sense to me. And that's one of the things that Jamie and I have actually discussed when we talked about the Gemini 15 photo, the famous photo of Michael Collins, that turns out to be just to reverse have a photo of him on a training mission, where he's in the heart and they wanted PR they use it. That's what I said it was overzealous PR agents.

I didn't go to too I went to three beds of NASA engineers. One of them was Raymond take, they allowed me to talk about this. Raymond was there running this frickin? He ran the lasers on the moon. He ran the deals. He said, What was weird? Is that another group of ships.

And you know what?

I just shouldn't do it. Another group of ships. Well, they had another group of ships, but basically he wouldn't say it. And this is not drama. I was going to meet with him. I met with him at the former NORAD command base. That's the Hilton outside Austin. And he wouldn't tell me like a week later, his heart blew. But he was ready to tell him he said, No, it's real. But there's more advanced. And he had like presidential letters in his house. You look at him. He's like the main guy like running the cameras, like number three in NASA. Like for engineers, frickin she was at Vietnam, ran Black Ops in Cambodia. And he said, he said, Well, we lost a lot of people. But those were clandestine operations. I wasn't part of them. It's all compartmentalized. But he said, You're right, that there were a bunch of missions beforehand, because the US was willing to kill 50 people to do that. Just to

see if they can get someone so no one else will be the most tragic thing for

us. Is that great, Joe? No, we were willing to we had men ready to die. Oh, yeah. Over and over again, for the one time at work.

And that's what pisses me off. Well, Gus Grisham in those the original blew up on them blew up on the launch pad, you know, will be incredibly tragic if is if they actually did go to the moon, but they faked the footage because of the radiation. So they released his bullshit. No, but do you know how horrific that would be? If you were a guy like Neil Armstrong, and you knew that the footage was bullshit, but you actually had gone to the moon? He like fuck. And this whole thing was like, people were starting to why these was over there on wires. There's, they're on trampolines like

yeah, by the way, they all got radiated, because it's true. Like he says, going through this, like 1000 chest X rays or something, you know, even you know, it's like 10 text, chestnut trees. Right, right. Yeah.

That was all the time it was only one notice how

much more notice how the international flights are all now at night. Why is that? Cuz there's frickin no rain, dude. So as you go to sleep, it's a red. No, no, no. Solar radiation from 35,000 feet to sea level, on average, is 10 feet of water. And about six inches of stone. There's dirt. Why? Why is the sun so big? On the

on the sixth planet? Again? What are you saying?

Imagine that the atmosphere is a lens. Okay. So when you Why do you think the sun or the moon looks so much bigger on the horizon?

Why is that? You ever thought about that? I always thought it was just a fraction. Harrison. Is it something bigger

than red?

Why is it red? The atmosphere? You're looking at?

There? And yeah, you're looking through 1000 miles instead of 20 miles. Okay, show the moon gets smaller. It's totally white as it goes up. Right. So this is this is like astronomy

because you're looking at it on the on the plane and I forget. We were talking about flights.

Yeah, radiation.

Whatever it is, you get a bunch of chest X rays. Right when you fly during the day because the sun solar radiation because you're above everybody knows you're in the mountains. You get a worse sunburn. Why isn't less oxygen less dropping the UV? Yeah, show when you're at 35,000 feet that's above there's a Himalayan Yeah, you're you're up there. And there's no there's there's on average. 35,000 feet. This is NASA statistics. Probably not true. At the end feet of water. And six inches of stone. Stickers. There's if you condensed 35,000 feet of dust. The filter. Oh wow. Why don't you hit a filter on your iPhone to turn another color? Put a filter over. Right. So think about think about the atmosphere. When you're looking straight up the moon's fucking white. Looking at this angle, it's yellow. Right? It's big and orange on like, Damn, that's big. It's not just where it's coming up. That's part of it. Right? It's that it's it's bubbled. It's to form. It's like looking through a pair of glasses on the edge.

So you're looking through all that atmosphere. You will get through pollution you'll get through dirt everything. Yeah, my dad told me that's fucking amazing.

Wow. So that's why moons are red. They're, they're red when they rise, and they're white where they go to the top. So all

the shit we're looking at it through. Yeah, we've got a weird situation. Hmm. A big ass one quarter size planet just floating. Just floating above us. We stare at it. Well, it's a full moon tonight. That is fucking weird. There's a planet that's right there.

I felt like 10 o'clock last night miss your call. And I woke up at like 330 and I had to get up and I looked out little fake news. Sometimes. Yeah, half moon and I was looking at the hotel. I'm 500 yards from here. And I'm looking at beautiful it as it's just like, Hey, it's okay to say it's made out of cheese. This probably isn't.

Did you ever see that movie? Dark City? Yeah, I love a fucking movie. Kiefer Sutherland. Yep, fucking great movie.

Sometimes I would move it's like a twilight zone.

It's like a twilight zone. It's a classic. I watched that motherfucker again. But it makes me feel sometimes like reality. Like like that movie was so strange because it was like this weird, scripted reality that these people will show their way through the surface. You should lose your family's real. Yes,

your consciousness is real. No, no, no, I'm

not. No, no, no,

no, no, I agree. It's all we're saying. It's fascinating. times I'm sitting here right moving I'm saying it right is virtual Yes. But your real Yes. Your real to you been put it all of us put into a simulation to basically test us. And that's the big thing. I'm trying to get across to people to him Alex Jones.

Let's wrap this motherfucker up.

Man, let me ask this question. Okay, go ahead. You can helicopter in South Africa wherever I can you imagine the film? Shiki? Sure. Searching Flat Earth. Let's

do it. I'm sending a representative. We

should do it. No, no. You should be. Representative Do you have a guy? I'll have like a contest. You really? Oh, that's a good move. But contest.

Yeah. And then we'll just have a cameraman.

Cameraman to pay for the camera man's flight. Ready. GPS owes hundreds of the satellites was able to fill 64 GPS. So there's this whole GPS and a you can like leave la on a ship. And you can go all the way over to Japan and everybody and go down around India and around Africa at the lantern knew we could do it. If it's

all a flat plane. That's like you're just thinking right? You could do go anywhere you want. If it's flat. You just go anywhere you want people think like you circumnavigated with us and we can't

do this. You told me this morning. Joe was gonna office. You told me this morning.

Not this morning, yesterday. Morning.

You said? You said basically didn't approve any of this. approve

any of what? What do you thought about this? What's this? Space? Your space is trees. You're generalizing?

No, I'm not mad at you questioning I think it's great. Taylor be sure. You

said I you just said that. I said something. And I don't even know it can make this

whole. I got Alzheimer's. When you see this all this shit with like people thinking the earth is flat or people think in space is fake? What do you think that's coming from?

I'll tell you, it might be able to get any sphere in your view, oh, my god. spectrum. So you got people that don't even know they're human or have life exist. It's just all sedation, because they've been lied to so much for so long. They don't know it's true. And then over here, you've got people that just believe whatever they see on CNN. And me, I'm just trying to look at everything on well, they lied a lot. But sometimes it's not that, oh, that was his incompetence, what's real. And so I don't blame it anything. It's like way over here are other people that are like way over here, because they're trying to find some solace and believe there's order the universe. The truth is there's not order in the universe. There's people trying to bring order to the universe. And that's why they staged events, so they can try to bring order within that event. That's all I'm talking about. No Northwoods or Gulf of Tonkin, or whatever the thing is, or taking a real event and making a big, but it's not bad to question that. And so how do we get convinced to say, well, I ask questions, and I need to be shut down as long as I'm legitimately asking questions, so there's gonna judge that I have that right. So that's where we're all going. Just what is the system wanna get rid of? Free speech right to self defense, the family, defend those things? And ask yourselves what are we about? Hey, man,

I believe in that. You can say that shit again. Was it right to bear arms? Free speech? And what was the third one family family? What were the

John is your question

what was the big three Say that again?

I think mystery is what I think mysteries what's key She was saying now you get why I appreciate having me on guys. Like, I don't want to be like my life is not Sandy Hook. I'm sad.

Yeah. Tell me what you were telling me earlier that you were actually even before all this happened. You were planning your exit strategy, like you get weary of this. Yeah.

And it's not like I'm afraid of the fight. But I'm 45. And I've had a long adventurous life. So I'm probably like 60. And I was already like, I wasn't sure about Trump or whatever, has really bad feeling when he got elected, nothing. He was bad, just like, oh, the war is about to start. And then I was already planning to kind of phase things out just because I don't like that when I'm 55 have a heart attack. And the fact they attack me so much makes me have to battle and fight and never give up. And, and so it's not like they even wore me down before they ever they kept me in the game. I'll explain it. They kept me in the game attacking me and lying about me. Because now I haven't well out. I'm now becoming I was worried about. Now I dream about

this stuff. Yeah, that was what you were worried about? Initially? Yeah, because I realized about four or five years ago, that's obsessive, that I was already totally obsessed. You were you're telling me that it fucks with your head, this certain amount of it after a while it just fucks with your head?

Yeah, the negativity. Yeah. And I like to have dreams. I like dreams are like 20 years long, like DMT, where I'm a farmer. And like, it's, like 500 years ago, I'm just like, planning things and eaten food and like, putting my kids to sleep and like, you know, cutting trees down and like, walking around, I have dreams where I'm just like normal and just being a normal person. And so I never, I didn't like the global state, like they have like all these shows homeland only shows them as per diem. And I didn't like calculate what I was going to do. And then I was already not ready to give up, I was ready to move on and innovate. And now it's almost like it's God doing it. God's like, no, no, it's not that easy. You're gonna be pinned against the wall by your enemies, and you're gonna fight to the death. And I don't believe God's a sadist. But I realize it's God's plan. I'm not going to be turned loose, I wasn't just going to do a couple tours in this fight and be be turned loose. And so so it's been, it's been framed, realize that this is all big stage, and God wants to see some people dance. But I tell you the globalist think they're like, run me out, or they think they've got me it's the difference. It's like, it's the opposite. Now they've turned me into this maniac. Well,

there's a, there's definitely some sort of a struggle going on right now. And there's a it's a seems to be like a universal struggle for figuring out what people are and how we should behave. And who gets to decide that. And there's certain universal truths are ignored. And there's certain ones that are emphasis over emphasized. And there's certain ones that are, you know, that are in the Goldilocks spot. And we were working that out. I think that's part of what's going on with human beings. But what we have to be really, really careful of, is that by silencing some people and never giving them any path to retribution, we create eternal enemies. And this is this is what easily could be happening right now when someone doesn't have the ability to express themselves because an evil force wants conflict and what you say is, I don't really know if it's an evil force, but it's an archetypal force. They're they're listening to all those around them. And there's a hive hive mind sort of thinking to a lot of this there's not a lot of debate about

so let's just say this Joe and and to 10 plan everybody else. You didn't give into the pressuring of the threat. It was more than nagging like a siren like a bitching woman, not against women. But I mean, I get it. Yeah, and so that's why you didn't have me on but then you realize I was just assemble of you just trying to live the life and put out good ideas and talk to people, but folks are gonna make you choose a side. And that's what's happening in this quick cutting edge. I don't want you to decide that's

why Ryan Seacrest got it nailed. Nobody's coming to Ryan Seacrest for like political advice. He's got it nailed he hosts a bunch of shows real nice guy's got a great smile. He's figured it out but you understand that sweet spot man

I looking at you going Domi you're talking about anything yourself? Oh my god.

Entropy is stagnant water. Oh it's still nothing's going on. It's all clear. Yes. Dead and rotting. What's alive ocean big crashing waves Yes, it's jersey. I've seen beyond everybody has but I've seen way beyond guys you want to be in the conflict. You want to be in the fight you want to take all your you're not successful Joe? Because you played along with the system. You're successful because you did it organically. And real doesn't mean it's perfect doesn't mean it's bad. It will is real. That's why your success and then they come in and you think, Oh, I'm not saying you're bad. I'm the same way. Oh, all these people are telling me how great I am I play ball with them, because I've got this thing, but they want you because they're soulless. And so all I'm saying is you've made the right decision. And I'm not just saying having me on because I'm a perfect is deciding, no America, still America, the world show the world, we're allowed to talk about real things and hear real things because they want to shut other voices down so they can lie about those voices. And any idea that fears exposure or fears debate is a failed idea.

Well, you know, I have a unique perspective, my perspective is less and less inclined to pursue it in the idea that it's a fight, and more to be able to pursue reason, and to have everybody communicate with each other. Because I think part of what the fuck is wrong with all of us today is that people are so willing to take sides, so willing to join teams and so willing to fight about shit that they really don't have to fight about. And you just

wanted to say this, I'm gonna say because this is so powerful. I don't dislike Donald Trump. And I think he's done some good things. I'm trying to do peace and trying to get jobs back to America. But I hate Donald Trump. Because I got behind him, Hillary was bad. And then he became my identity. He's not a bad guy. But the truth is, I hate him with Hillary Clinton. Because he's who I am now. And whatever he does is who I am, right? I'm with America and freedom and everything else. And I'm not throwing him under the bus to get George Soros on my back, though Liberty Avenue for the for the reasons I'm not with them. I'm not against even Trump. But I get in a fight like this, that's so dumbed down. That then no matter what I do, they take my radical miss my weirdness to hurt Trump. But then all it does is like radioactively attacked me. I don't know how to describe it. But it's like, it's like Trump is breaking my legs every day. And it's not like I'm not willing to go through the pain except a lot of what he says I don't agree with. And he's not my identity. Shani hooks, not mine. This is just talking

from your own personal perspective. And I appreciate that, that he's not your I don't know how many people actually think that he's your identity. But I think that what we're getting at that's important is that we don't know when they're shooting at me, they're going to trump, I'm sure I'm sure there's a lot I don't

mind the shooting at Joe. It's that I'm not Donald Trump.

I understand that from you. But what I'm talking about is just the human race in general, if we could just do one thing, be reasonable, just be reasonable. And understand that emotions cloud judgment, and that when people start screaming and yelling at each other, and you take one side, and you're the left, and this guy takes another side, and he's the right, you're going back and forth, you fall into mindless, it's nonsense, and you don't ever get anything solved. And you never get to understand how that other person thinks and feels. And we're constantly trying to mock people and what you were talking about about the Bill Maher thing about him cracking a joke, and I dismissed it as a joke because it was a joke was talking about how the red states wish they were the blue states and all that shit. That's that's exactly the type of thing we're talking about, though, that that that that us versus them? That me versus like you're generalizing for entire swaths of the country is if they're one Yeah, I

feel bad. Every time I say California is lost. This is a beautiful state. A lot of great people.

With a lot of people here, a lot of them are fucking lost. That's a fact. You know, this, like, who knows how many there's like 30 something million people a million. It's crazy. That's a giant country,

the population of California,

it's fucking giant. That's too many people to eat. There's no way you can say Californians do this. There's fucking Californians that are ranchers. 40 million can't really fit the

whole population of Texas though. So when you look at

where we are overpopulated in some ways, with our technology, but let me just make this point where we got to get this kind of piece. So we'll go, go peepee come back. We'll finish five more minutes because I want to

talk to Eddie, talk some sense and know how to

tell about Buzz Aldrin. Tell me about your boy Buzz Aldrin.

You know, I'll tell you about basalt. He told me

I know where you go. Okay. It's gonna be brown. Cleveland. browns.com.

Can't both leave. Jamie. Eddie, how you doing?

I'm doing good. And so what do you what do you think about the wide receiver of the browns? I

don't think we can turn the talk to brown right now. No, unfortunately.

is okay. Is there any conspiracy theory that you kind of are suspicious of? There's got to be at least one yeah, there's that definitely. One like 911 911 you think? You know, are you familiar with tower seven?

Yeah, I would say from almost every story even the stuff we've talked about before in the past I don't believe the the official and quote Okay,

so. So you know that tower seven was the third tower that went down? You're aware of that, right? Yeah, I'm

I look more when when that comes up all of the surrounding information about what what wasn't in the building's not not the actual event. I know the event happened. I'm not. I'm not so curious about that. Did you see the

video of tower seven freefall speed, that's got to be a little suspicious, right? Red flag gotta come up at least right? If you're trying to if you're really trying to get to the truth, you're like, wait a minute, I

would say this suspicious that a third building fell. It wasn't. It

wasn't even hit. Exactly. That's what the whole story is with tower seven. And not only was it not touched by a plane, it went down at freefall speed and it's caught on video. Five different angles, right? There's five different apps. No one's saying that it's fake footage. That's tower 747 storey skyscraper fucking fallen at freefall speed. Some people are saying I got hit with a direct energy weapon. Some people are saying that it was brought down like a Control demo. And like in Vegas, like one of those buildings, you know, but regardless of how it was brought down, you got to look at that video footage and go wait a minute. And

why is YouTube taking down building seven footage? Yeah, here's why did he go on syndicated radio like 50 stations in 2001. And I'm sitting there that's actually just 120 stations. The last like 70% on for saying it was an inside job. I mean, the firemen blow it up. I'm watching Fox News, CNN at my studio. And then I gotta get a pizza at four o'clock. Was CBS radio back then. And they go Salomon Brothers building seven is going to be brought down in a controlled demolition to save their buildings. So I go back on air, and announced building staff has been brought down to save their buildings. And for five, five years or one goes I'm crazy. Then CNN and all of them archive it on the internet. And everyone's watching building seven. BBC, ABC, let

me ask you, what do you think happened with tower seven?

CNN, ABC and CBS told me the government blow it up the government play the clips. They go, the cops are like, get back. We're blowing it up. And the media goes Oh, you mean the cops blow it up? No. The cops are told, get back on the countdown of interviews. It comes like

543. You explained to me do you think that they had detonation setup already in the buildings? Next

show, which I used to always like, try to follow down what it means. I don't know. I've learned to go hey, I've got five different newscast when it happened. And before is saying they blew it up. I don't know what happened.

Is it possible that it collapsed because of those gigantic diesel fires? Right. And then the tower wanted to 777 had derailed diesel tanks in the basement. caught fire. They said it was an inferno? And they said it cooked through. Hold on a second. But I want to ask you this because I don't know. Oh, yeah. Right. But if they said that what happened was this is whoever the fuck explained it that was making these YouTube videos that the fire had burned through the internal structure of the building at such a high temperature that all of these floors collapse, they pancaked. And then it came but it never happened before sense, right? Never hasn't happened before. Since that's the show. Here's here's the thing about Alex

Jones 18 years ago, would argue every point and say I knew what happened. Okay, the Alex Jones of 2019 is on us. Well, I'm glad you're gonna I'm gonna say I've seen him say they blow it up and nobody can describe it. I don't know, Joe, what happened?

Right? Well, when you look at it, the way it falls, it falls exactly looking controlled demolition. Exactly. So it falls from the top down. But if you actually freefall speed, right, but if you watch the full video, the center of it collapses. Like there's a full video where you're looking at the top of the building and the center of it collapses far before the outside does. That's

how they take they take out the elevators, the central thing first and they do light up.

Do they do this with the they have it all set in advance? So they knew that 911 was going to come in to

answer my question. I don't know. Right. And what they do is they take like some clip of me from 20 years ago, or 18 years ago going here, CBS News and they don't show it. I mean, I've got CBS I've got basically

possible that even though Operation Northwoods happened in Gulf of Tonkin was a conspiracy. Is it possible that the internal fires in that building were so unbelievably hot that it fucked up every floor and they really did pancake on top of each other? And then the exterior structure just collapsed? Is that possible? Because I'm not an engineer. I've had the engineers say it's not it's not possible at all. And here's the problem, Joe. They announced it fell on its own footprint 27 minutes before it did on the live channels. To him, BBC world that's real BBC, CNN, CNN and CBS. Joe Hockey foot.

I wanted to it was four o'clock I've been on air since that morning on syndicated radio. I drove down to the local pizza place at four o'clock got my pizza was eating in the car and our CBS Radio driving home and they said, Linda Sue has been made disabled There are buildings to control demolition, the Salomon Brothers building buildings and by the way we have these clips now but no one archive stuff and so I go on here and I go Yeah, they just blew up a building. Everybody started freaking out. But here's

the thing and then they blew it up. How long does it take to set up explosives to the point where you could paint it normally

takes a week? A week that was the next story. But then I interviewed the head of emergency management for New York Yeah, and the loose change people got him on and he says no I was there they had bombs the CIA you know was patient building seven right below the CIA the FBI or

was an NSA as well everything

he always says all he does like he's been he's it's bullshit man. every fucking day. Just fucking say yourself. No, why

don't you explain it to everybody? Oh yeah

fucking stories of fucking government. Right so there's 40

with a diesel tank and pre rigged explosives in case shit dude. didn't

believe I wasn't sure that even though I heard CBS say they blow it up and even though and like the news will go Joan says firefighters blow it up because the government same thing point you made a good point. Like I've said the government No, I don't mean my grandpa was in the army.

It really did cut pancake from the from the fire. What a shit design. Yeah, what a terrible design me so mad at that architect for

the debates from underwriting laboratory make because everyone went looked at the blueprints. And it's New York. Not defending what you're saying. Because seven was built well it was looked at by lawsuits. They were sued. Tower One and Two though. They were built with like bubblegum and like band aids. Really? Oh, those buildings already leaning? Oh, no. It's a big mob scam. No, they already had they already had buckling in the wind. Oh, no. Mathematicians. Guess that within like five years one building would collapse. Oh, fuck. Oh my god. There goes your argument. It's New York. These buildings are built for shit. And that's when you as you get older, you know?

Some of them are built for shit. Right? For sure. Right? I don't Yeah, I mean, especially back then. When? Tobacco? I do have more tobacco. But I'm just kind of one little bit more tobacco. Yes, for sure. 100%.

You know, Dr. Judy wood is you know, she's Yeah, she's got Dr. Judy Woods wrote a book called Where did the towers go? Particle her story. Her theory is, this is just, this is just some lady scientists lady. Based on the fact that there was this which she claims based on the video, and the pictures that she has of where the towers collapsed. That's her speaking for me. Sorry, she's saying that there was no rubble. The book, the name of the book is called Where did the towers go? She said that direct energy weapons, some kind of direct energy weapons, justified the building's turn the buildings to dusk, because there was no rubble. A

dude gave me a book on that. Trade this. He's like Australia In Australia. No, he's in America excuse in LA. He told me they use Tesla technology. I was like, let's

say you're wrong to ask that question.

You know what, for me, it doesn't matter if it was justified or they've been in Las Vegas style matters. Here's those buildings in my opinion.

And in the World Trade Centers I've been accused of covering up and I don't like to

be what he does. He's been accused of covering things up of being a bullshitter not

like like I'm covering up like, oh people think hologram plates

a lot of people think you're a Zionist shill. You know that that's the biggest one. That's the biggest one about Alex Jones.

You know, I'll be honest with you, the

biggest one will always be and you know what, I always have your back always always I said, you know, when if I didn't know him, I would probably probably think that shows us the show. I know you you are honestly me making it a mission in your life. To search for the truth to you're all about liberty. You're for real. You want the best for people you're looking out for the people Best whether you're right or wrong, it doesn't matter your you know, sometimes you're wrong but when you're old so it's hard for me when I'm like I'm saying I was have your back it's hard for me to, to think you're like some scientists show like I know this

man. People make up rumors about all kinds of people they come up with ideas that they want to push, they decide you know, accuse someone of doing something really stupid like being a part of something that they're not here's the best way

to heat for it. What do you think I'm a shill? They think Amazon is now

people when you when you sell conspiracies, when you see conspiracies against you that you know aren't true. Does that make you distrust Conspiracies by tells you that's the part of it. That's the evolution of you, between you now and you. A

lot of stuff is lies. But then people that just say everything's BS, you gotta check it.

There's a lot of that going on. Right, exactly. So

let me try to answer any questions, your questions. Excellent as well. And the two go together. I mean, I grew up in Dallas, Texas in the 80s and 90s. When it was like the murder capital of the country. I live in a middle class area, but it was still like, and, you know, I got to fight rednecks. I got to fight with races, Mexicans, there were racist white people attacking Mexicans. But I mean, I had big black guys attacking me like flunked three grades in school. And my black friends will say, man, you're so cool. You're not racist, even though you know, my cousin who's 18 Or if you're like, 14 has attacked you. And you know, that was all just part of a development. People do things. It does care what color their skin is, or where they came from. There's good black people. There's bad black people. There's good white people. There's bad white people. There's good Mexicans, there's bad Mexicans, there's good Asians, there's bad Asians, there's good North Koreans, there's bad North Koreans, and I'm standing really simple stuff everybody knows, but I'll go to a restaurant if they've got good food. I don't care if it's Ethiopian, or if it's Mexican or was German. If the food's good, the people are nice. I love it. Like a women like I love black women with white women with Hispanic women. I love more like if a woman's cool. Like I know a bunch of black women that are bitches black women that are cool.

What about Swedish bitches?

The point is, let's just say I'm super gay. But the point is what I'm getting at here, though, not unlike Swedish.

I don't know. Let's wrap this up.

Now. We need to wrap it up. But I'm gonna make this point. I don't know what it is. How was that getting into that? Oh, the racism thing? Oh, it's not about and I'm gonna say something so similar, but it's like, Yeah, you told me grass is green. Martin Luther King. Like, it doesn't matter what color someone is. It matters what they stand for what they do. I go to restaurants that can be owned by Koreans or black people or white people, whatever. If the food's good music, I love Jimi Hendrix. He's black. But if the food sucks, then I hate it. But it's not because they're white. Or because they're Hispanic. Of course, I know. Joe, sitting

next to a Mexican for three hours. 100% believe you totally

love Mexicans.

I do to Mexican food.

We've had a big epic interview. It's been pretty goddamn good people. The end is just not your record six hour though? No, but it's pretty damn good.

We're at like four hours or something. Something like that. All right, I

think this this, I think you guys talked about aliens to fucking really boost your search engine results

will be will be eliminated from all search engine results. But I

really doubt you'll be penalized for this. And so you should say something about that, like, you're an American, you're like, talk to me. Because they're gonna say Joe Rogan at Jones on to say no one died of Sandy Hook

be as well. I don't think anyone's gonna say that. But people probably will say some things. But I think also, you know, the idea that like, anybody should be able to tell you that you can't talk anymore. Ever. If you said one thing that people don't like, or if you do talk, it has to be only on your side, and you have to be trapped out of all of the different platforms for social media. It's a slippery, slippery slope, you know, and other training. But here's the thing, I You're not a hateful person. I know you're not a hateful person. You might have said things that are angry in the past about certain people or been angry about a certain event in the news, but you're not a hurtful, angry person. If there's things that you say that they can say, hey, this violates some sort of a pattern of behavior, you're attacking someone you're giving out someone's address that kind of shit. They should be able to take it down.

Yeah, great. Show is that's not that's not speech.

That's what I was gonna get to. There should be a clear, like set of rules. And you could look at these rules the way a lawyer would look at them and say, Is this in violation? Is my client arrested? Well, no, your client didn't have anything illegal on him and we did a search we found no drugs, and we found no illegal weapons. So but we suspected that he was up to something like that. We're not talking just in closing to

say this. I don't want to make myself a senator this at the end of the day Infowars went from really successful and huge to like Zeitgeist insane. And you take

any responsibility for any of that. Do you think I'm a human? I'm not perfect. Right? Do you think that maybe it made it easy for some of the people that we're going to attack you? And I've been guilty of this myself by providing fuel? No, yes. Thanks. Stupid. Content.

Yes. But that's what I'm saying is they say it, it's globalist funded a big corporation. This is what I'm saying. Closing, it's come out, we're gonna release the show. The thing is,

it's all left wing. That's where it's weird. But here's the problem. It's a problem because you have one ideology, that's overwhelmingly in control of tech. And I agree with him on a lot of things on social programs and a lot of it on welfare and universal basic income and civil rights and women's rights. I agree with him on a lot of stuff. But it's an ideology like any idea Joe would agree with. You have to agree with him. You're wrong, but it doesn't have free speech in it. There's a lot of there's a lot of No, I just learned all

this two weeks ago. But I got documents. I'll come back if you want but you just You're right. I've been attacking the left for doing it. And they're the instrumental group that's carrying it out he would think would defend if you're right wing fascists, who you get to go out for free speech.

Who do you get the left?

He tricked you trick them. And I'm not

trying to force right wing is tricking the left wing into shutting down free speech off confirmed. Oh, Jesus Christ, I have confirmed it's god damn conundrum. Lets

Republican Party not the average, you know, Tea Party people. The Republican Party is blueblood it thinks it runs the Democrats. And it learned what was happening. And I'm coming for a whole show if you want to come on my show. No, seriously?

I'll come on. I'm going to be at Cap City Comedy Club and asked promise

you're coming on come on. Alright, good. So I'm not used to saying this. I swear to god, dude all about me. I'll tell you guys about me. I'm telling you the truth here.

I believe you that the backup was amazing, but it's pretty good stuff.

You could do you could transition my problem

and why do you stand up? Sure. You could crush out trying to light any mood he was telling you the truth. Very good. I'm not trying to like bullshit like everybody else. I'm telling you, man, I promise. It's so real. Like, every time I forgot, I was gonna say, What was I

talking about? You being a comic? Yeah, I'm

gonna transition out of this. What else do you got planned?

We will see other play. We're just talking about social media and YouTube and people who have been able, being able to silence people and push their leftist ideology or right wing ideology. Republicans were manipulating the Democrats, because I

know your secret. You are empathetic, real guy. That's why I love you. And you were kind of like, couldn't handle it anymore, which I actually want to be like that. So then you kind of dulled out. So as aggressively as you look at it, I have looked at all this stuff. And I have seen what their own perspectives and their own plans are. And they go to Congress and they lie about all of it. They're not liberal than conservative. It's big corporations lining up a China, as you said earlier, to unify the propaganda to quote influence China. No, do they get all the technology, we they've used our open society to totally take over? So that's what I'm trying to get through to you is that is that they're coming after everybody. Like you said earlier, when when I first met you today, you walk in the office, I was here two minutes for you to go. I want to talk about the thing you said about you know, the censorship and how once they get us to submit were broken. Know,

what you said was that it was a slippery slope that if you give in 1%, to 1%, I still have this other other 99% and they just start moving the boundaries. They start moving closer and closer. And then 100% Makes sense. People exist in these these control patterns. It's really common. They

keep asking me like, Oh, what are you gonna give up? Everything's okay. As soon as you do like wandering, everything's

gonna be okay. What does that mean? What does it What does give up me? You stop talking. So people enjoy watching. This was where it gets weird that people enjoy watching you talk and other people don't? Why can't the people don't just not watch you talk? What is going on? He's He's promoting truth. He is promoted truth. But I think what they've done is they found these little pockets of things. Some said, Well, that too, but things

are threatened. Like I don't want to put down to try this. I make Jack Dorsey this villain know that. Like, we have pool. It's true. They had millions of people harassing the stock and attacking him lying on he's currently attacking children. He's trying to attack children at their houses. And so it wasn't the fact that I got to see in a guy's face. And I get as a shareholder in a company owner about defending Jack Dorsey, or whatever his name is.

Yeah, what's the guy the other guy? I don't know the got Jack Dorsey. He's a Twitter guy. Yeah.

Darcy Yeah. And it's all admitted is what I'm saying is I'm not even that guy's enemy. I just, I understand like he had millions of people attacking the shareholders. Yes. Did you hear about there's a chef that makes pastries. She's worked for 10 years at Trump's hotel in Florida. And BuzzFeed, found out who she was and doctor and said, she's a cult member of fire. Here like what does that even mean? Like, why would anybody harass a pastry chef? That's

a very good question. People feel like they're at war. You know, that's part of the problem with all the shit. That's why I was saying Be reasonable. People feel like they're at war, the right versus left instead of just being a bunch of people talking about trying to figure it out. At

least take on Hillary or Alice shows or, or Bill Clinton or Donald Trump will chips when it's like a pastry

chef. Yeah, that's crazy. Oh, you

think I'm not gonna be a solution at all type in Buzzfeed targets Trump pastry chef,

I don't think you're boasting at all.

Let me ask you this because I've been talking way too much in closing here at the end of this transmission we should talk about a lot of things one knows I have here

let me just tell you, this was a fun fucking podcast. It was fun. I go this is what I want people to say. Well, there's nothing to worry about. What I wanted people to see is why I like Jones like why I enjoy hanging out with you. I wanted people to be able to see it because I have had to defend that because of this narrative that Joe

say I disagree with Alex and whatever. Yeah, you don't need to let the leftist like make you bad. If I was Charlie Manson, I should be able to come on your show. I want you to call my show. All right.

We don't have to do this Charlie Manson type thing, but

I would interview that here's an interview if the devil

a big blue smoke, you would interview him? Would you want to stay a certain distance away from the devil? The devil

is very sexually seductive

the devil appears to stand up well you just please just go to an open mind shame the devil. It's yes I have hotter now. Yeah, hot.

I've doubled the open mic night Devil is pure sexual so that you know the OVO Joe? How sexy is Adele?

I wouldn't say sexy. I don't think I get it up in front of a demon. No, not demon. This is Lucifer. The big one. The big daddy. You know you never know until he's kissing you. I guess you could be

the next Sam Kinison. No,

but it's a thing like you know what I mean? Remember Sam preacher

well when he was yelling about the babies, Jesus Christ at the top, you know doing any?

We made jokes about this. When I was a little kid, and I was having all these visions when I was asleep I hadn't seen Conan the Destroyer yet or Conan the Barbarian was the first one remember like the demons like laying on its side looking guy it turns in this big fucking goblin tax everybody yeah and when I was a kid that was like a thing like I would like try to in these dreams these I go with as university for like, I was like it's a gay dude like sitting there on his side like this. And then a few years later I saw Conan the Destroyer and I'm like that's the thing from the dream did short I'm saying is you seen like the hobbit remake? Yeah. Where Gandalf goes to the castle and Sauron is not made his body yet right and he looked looks like that like that fire. I've seen exactly that. So you want to talk about what that real controllers of the greys are? It looks like Sorry, have you ever

had a significant head injury? You have what happened to what happened to you?

You know they're gonna MPRP is coming out next week.

What happened? What happened to your head? I've been polygraph you somebody pile drives you what happened? How old were you?

About 13 1314

Somebody piled drive you and you had to change your personality. I got up

and punch him in the throat and they had drug anatomy I was dead. Wow.

So it was it was like

the state wrestling champion middleweight in his cousin or something in the Dallas was like this, like, you know got me down. I was never started fighting and these people. Here's the I'm not a victim of racial attacks. I'm not like Jeffrey or Jesse Smollett is I fought rednecks and I got my leg broken you know, but

so this guy pile drives you on your head unit 13 Yeah, then what did it do to your personality?

I had to fight his whole family fight most his family. It was a game changer. Did

it change but did you have any significant change from that head injury? Sometimes when people have no surgeries? Especially it seems like you know

stuff just got better. Oh

serious like do we gotta get to the

timing? That's good timing. No, no, no. Oh, that's my friend Dave Foley was just on here. And he was talking about how he got drunk and he fell down and cracked his head. It's crazy, but he cured his depression.

Now only sleep like this. Any given time if somebody's a regular guy that I would never try to fight, they kick my ass. Like the average 150 pound guy, you're probably here minus, but when like a bunch of people are coming after me, it's like Darth Vader. And I was a kid. I learned a bash somebody said into the concrete, but they taught me I got hired now. When

the kid dropped you on your head? What effect did it have on you physically, it

was by the Fieldhouse, because his cousin attacked me and I beat him up. And so the state wrestling champ was like a senior comes and goes, Oh, yeah, claimer and he kind of went on my head was bleeding like he'd won. And I punched him in the neck and broke us and had a tracheotomy almost died. I was like, yeah, he almost killed me. He was like he couldn't like he slammed me in the ground my head's blade all the stitches right here and then he couldn't believe when I got up and said well you die he couldn't understand like the energetic Aquila equivalents

he couldn't understand being the nail you don't understand being the hammer he understand

that and then they took me to jail with it let me go on some tough guy. The point is I'm getting killed I'm gonna fight back and so Dallas was what

happened your head after that?

I mean, I never even got knocked out that one he slammed my head in the ground. And I remember like everybody made the joke because the concrete cracked Oh chin was like on the edge of the concrete he he called rob me right into the concrete. Like split my head way up and this is your story. And I remember just getting up was like slow motion was around the neck and the ambulances the police came that was that story.

Did you go to the hospital?

No, they took me to jail for that but tonight Let me go. They didn't check your head.

Did you tell him he got piled trial? No, they sewed it up. They sewed it up in the in the jail. But they didn't like check to see if you had a severe concussion or a dermal hematoma. No. Wow,

go ahead Joe's been the one you think that he's a conspiracy theorist because he got dropped on his head.

I think there's something there's something to people that have had head trauma that become brilliant at speaking things.

It's true. The blast. Like his name was Corey strange. The only reason he was he was better and more powerful than me is he had like fucking, he had six packs, because Arnold Schwarzenegger blinded he waited and gloated while blood was going on. He lost was he loaded? Yeah, he was way more behind

him. But you're you broke the concrete with your head. That's big.

No you didn't the concrete didn't actually break did it?

Maybe it didn't but they made the joke. Okay,

so either a dinner got knocked out he's still got spiked on his no to getting spiked ahead and the concrete me

choking myself with other people for fun. I've never been knocked

out. Okay, so I don't think one

time a guy got dropped on there.

Incorrect. You're incorrect. You

absolutely as if you barely tapped his head, he would have been knocked out.

Maybe not. Doesn't matter. Like sometimes people get knocked out through severe head injury. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes their head. But hold on. Sometimes they never lose consciousness. You can't think they always lose consciousness. Sometimes when I

would get knocked out. I would see like numbers like I was a robot and then read I would see like numbers he sees random. Yeah. Like

that's your story. Dude. Man. When you get to do something about getting dinged with a punch, you see that flash and you realize that you like your central nervous system is like 30% functionally, like, whoa, very, very powerful.

You see Joe's done it. That's what the people say see stars. Yeah, that's what it was a very subtle Hollywood stars because they'd seen the stars. Like each star is like a whole database. And I remember like somebody choking me like guys, like, somebody's like pulling a knife out. And you see that knife pointed out, you're like, Sure. And like you're at that point, you see everything from only those minutes. When everything's clear. It's

like, survival motions. But then you see

like, like the wars and the attacks, the submarines of the spacecraft and like, it's like when you dial into that. It's like total war. It's like,

didn't you say that when your friends would choke you out? You'd have like these long dreams? Oh, yeah,

no, no, no, it'd be in junior high sixth, seventh eighth grade, because we I got choked out a couple of times. I finally stop. And it always be like, guys like it's incredible. We do this During lunch, and we go back and look at some of the press on their arteries, like the bad times when you hit your habit and be like, one time, like, I remember this one time, I they choked me out and also is like a black night with a sore goes. And like attacks me on this horse. And then like, it's, and then I was like in England 1000s of years ago, and I had this wife and his kids, and it was a whole lifetime like, taking care of them and like growing food and like a kid starved to death died. And it was like, just those moments were like, whole lives, dead kids, everything. That's what I'm saying, like you die and all those ancestors. And it was like my kids and kids starving to death and like, people attacking us and so

you think all that information from your ancestors somehow or another encoded somewhere

encoded yo.

That makes sense. If you think about what reincarnation must feel like, you know, when when people have that feeling they felt this feeling that they lived before our

whole bodies are everybody before us, right? Well, it's not quite exactly. So people they underestimated Oh, I live before No, they all live before.

They would also explain certain fears that people just have as children like children have a fear of animals. Like you see an animal with big teeth. Children have never

been attacked by cave but their ancestors are killed by them. Yeah,

they probably got attacked by some bear somewhere and you know, and somehow or another they got through and they survived that. Tribe. Yep. Yep. It makes sense how animals learn things mean animals just know things.

My dog got epigenetics. They have stuff where they can take 10 generation chickens. In closed ut did a study on this. And fly a hawk over. They all ran scare up. They fly triangle. Nobody cares. The exact shape of a hawk makes all the chickens run. Yeah, because they've it's programming. Exactly,

exactly. It's why if you have a puppy and you take it for walks, even when it's like six weeks old, it'll never be around another dog again, it knows exactly what to do knows how to sniff things and piss on trees knows a check for other dogs PIs and knows what to do they know what to do they there's a there's a they know what animals to chase they see a squirrel they want to go accidentally so

what I've lined up is with that when you know is it looks like our species is super old. How old? I don't know. Because I can't even interpret the stuff I've seen. I mean I saw like you've seen like, was that stupid? Tom Cruise movie where

stupid Tom Cruise movie? How dare you? How dare you love it. Jack Reacher has it tomorrow, Jack Reacher to

oblivion. They've got landers selling up. Oh, yeah. The ocean up has a dope movie outside and he doesn't even know he's working for the system. And so that's what I'm telling you is that literally whatever it is, it's like a joke. Like whatever created us is like super bad ash. But

is it possible that there's not a thing that created us, but that we are just like every other organism and every other system on this planet? With this constantly evolving thing that doesn't really have a leader, and it's trying to get better constantly at everything it does, right?

I agree with you. But this is this is one of the stops 360 Joe, you're right. But there wasn't a worm learned how to crawl up the asset of Grasshopper right to programs do that, that there was some prime essence that was put into things that did that that said freewill. And were the top of the food chain or

was it 1000s and 1000s of generations of failures. 1000s of generations of bugs that got into this grasshopper just just killed it, and then wind up suffocating to death inside of it. Even though they were a parasite. They never figured out a way to get the following one figured out and finally one of them through some sort of weird mutation figured out a way to interact with the brain of the grasshopper and actually guide it to the lake, get it to jump into the water and drown it's bursts from its body and then swim away. But I think it's one of the most unlikely but if you talking about things, learning from things if things learn from things, and they keep getting better over 1000s and 1000s generations, but these same things keep procreating. Wouldn't it eventually get to some state where it figures out how to do something? If it is still a parasite and it gets inside the body? What have you figured out? Oh, if I just like grow these things off the top of my head and connect it to the brain this dumb little motherfucker and get them to drown?

You cheated, right? Yeah, they just make the connection all. All the cells got eaten by birds shut down. More animals eat it. And that's the thing. I

think we're dealing with an unfathomable number of creatures that are being born and dying and new ones are being born and dying. I think our puny little brains can't really calculate the exact amount of cycles that it takes. Okay, well, you're single celled organism right to free speech then yes. Does that just make up 100% So

is it the whole modern leftist thing, a denial of the leftist ethos that we're gonna let things be free? Well,

the problem is the leftists ethos is also the idea of inclusiveness and kindness and care. Bring, like the ideas that they're promoting all the kindness, no foul wants to date my five year olds, okay. But what I'm saying is kindness unless you're a right wing person. Now, if you think on the right, then they want to attack you, then they want to they want to demonize you. And if they could shut you down and silence you and find some sort of bullshit excuse to do so, in a lot of cases, it seems like some folks lean in that direction. And this is where it gets dangerous, because you can't, it's like if someone says, Hey, if I knew how to fight, I'd run in front of people. I just fuck everybody up. Well, you'd be dead in a year. Because eventually people are going to kick your ass and kill you. You can't just beat people up.

Well, yeah, exactly. You can have one on one beat somebody, but it's that everyone ganged up against you.

It's that childhood childish mentality, I'll just knock this person out, and nothing else will happen. Like, that's not you setting a whole thing in motion. When you silence someone, you're setting a whole thing in motion. And this is something that we're all learning. This is what we have to come to grips with. Social media has only been around for a really short amount of time. It's only been around in this kind of form for 10 plus years, and we're figuring it out. And these people that think that they can just silence people and shut people down. without it having a bad effect on all of us. It's not right. It's not right. Well, I

appreciate it should be a pattern of spaces. Good. Any What do you think should be done about the denial of the reign of terror of censorship that said, middling going on?

I don't know shit. You know, all I know is it seems that the right is being censored a lot. And when you look at the left and and how they've been acting, I mean, they're acting like psychopaths, like, pick, you know, putting signs up for late term abortions and all that shit. They're pushing that there's people pushing that AOC says don't get there it's It's like someone who's trying to get fired you know, when you're you have a job and you want to get fired.

For your runs all CIA squads, they said, What do you think Alex? It's like they want to lose what's the SIOP? I don't know

that's it seems like they're trying to it's so bad. It's so bad how

much of that is influenced by people that are trying to fuck with the whole system? Imagine if this is like stage five Russian influence just get people to support later like figure out a way to get people to support super late term abortions figure out a way to get people to support trans women competing as women with no hormones.

We're like, some 25 year old dudes like 18 year old girls he takes all the all the titles like now guys haven't

you know, it's hilarious. It's it is

it's hilarious. Imagine if your daughter was up for a scholarship, and she had to compete against some six foot five man who identified as a woman who wanted to play basketball, I

feel a if you've if you've committed a crime, if you're a felon, you can't chop your deck off. You know what I mean?

Like the Japanese model, they said, Hey, because I don't care if you're a trans or you're doing whatever you want. I don't literally I'm a libertarian, don't act like I'm trying to suppress you. But the Japanese said, Hey, you don't get the trans designation unless you chop the Johnson and the labels off. It's like, Hey, you get taxpayers will pay for it. You get that vagina bill, and you sit there and do it leave. Like you know,

I think there's a lot of people that are legitimately trans that's not the problem. The problem is them wanting to compete as women and Martina Navratilova just caught a rash of shit. Because she was talking about it, you know, to the famous tennis star, she was talking about that women are breaking all these records and right after she said that these kids were number one and two were transgender that won the girls high school track meet. And it's just, you know, at a certain time, you gotta you gotta stop doing this

to somebody because they think they're another sex. But like, same timeline, I watched like bike races and running races in soccer and, and high jumping. It's a dude like, it's not just like a loser better than me. They're like, he's six foot four huge soldiers would kick my ass. Hallelujah. And the girls are like, that's my littlest man.

Yeah, there's, there's some nonsense going on. There's some people that are legit. And then there's some people that are just legitimately crazy. I mean, there's like with everything in life is people that are legitimately trans and there's people that have

man wants to see himself as a woman. Logitech shows that Kimball's that happens, that's the issue, whatever, or vice versa, but like, I'm gonna watch NFL, and like, we're supposed to, like, you know, like, a women's NFL. And it's all guys and they say they're women. It's like a thing in England last year where the guy comes in with tattoos, a big beard. And it was in the police report. That guy had like a footlong cup. And he goes do a cervix exam. What kind of police reported this and the nurse said, Sir, I don't see a vagina. And it was in the report, the man had a footlong deck So she's supposed to mentally ill go, Okay, well, let me check all this and decide that you've got all this. I mean, it's just like it's mental illness man. It's not that I hate somebody that feels like they're a woman or a man or whatever. That's the lie that like, oh, you need to accept this or you hate ever imagine

if all this ridiculous propaganda really was like the very, very highest level Russian meme farm propaganda and this is why people could totally be saying this the most preposterous ly leftists, even things like these babies being resuscitated and then killed like that people wouldn't freak out. And they heard a guy talk about that kind of shit. Imagine if this is all just designed to make everybody go fucking crazy. Yeah, that was Yo, I

wish the governor saying it. And I'm doing it. And there's just one point we're gonna this transmission. What is the endgame? What is the endgame? Everything we're told is humanity's bad humanity is wrecking things. But the very environmentalist groups that are doing this are all like weird transhumanist anti human. I'm all transhumanist if I really get life extension, but it's all like, oh, you die. you're uploading a machine? I'm just saying anything. You see the big corporate media promoting? They don't know what they're doing. I've been around them. I've talked to him. They don't know. I don't think I know. I don't think Joe knows. I don't think Eddie knows. But I think in the spectrum of like, one to 100 We're in the 95th percentile of really being woke. And we care about Look, I don't like saying well, I'll never forget like three or four years ago that black woman was driving around the Capitol that military drill going and she shot him and ran the shutter. Oh, yeah. And and it was during Black Lives Matter like four years ago and I had like this outpouring of black listeners and I'm not Oh judge things about money. But like, a million dollars came in like a week. And it was all black people saying We thought you were against black people. But when you suck cared about that woman being shot by the by the police at a checkpoint in DC, we knew you're good. No one knew she was holiday letter. I wasn't thinking is it a black woman? Is it a white woman? Is it Hispanic woman I was thinking their report. She went through a checkpoint got scared. And then the police shot her. I'm not against the police either. Yeah, that was cops.

Shooting a woman running away. It's like, there's gotta be a better way. You can't catch her bro.

No, no, I agree that cop was bad. I think you got it. That's what I'm saying is

terrible.

I'm not some goody two

shoes she doing? It's running away.

She was just running had a military drill for five whatever it was. They had a military drill. In DC, where most of the roads were shut down.

But what's the story? Jamie, can you find it the woman gets shot shot for the White House. Someone? How many people get shot in this country every year? It's because someone just can't handle pressure right in front of the White House about Forcing the trigger figure doesn't know what to do just make the wrong decision.

It's an illness. We don't blame guys because you use a car. Yeah. But but it is true that about half of them are suicides, but the rest half is like people can't handle it. And that was like four or five years ago because here it is right here.

Capitol Hill, United States. Miriam Carey, a dental hygienist from Stamford, Connecticut attempted to drive through the White House security checkpoint. In her black infiniti g 37. Coupe. She struck a

service officer. But that's a lie. Did they hit the main roads, and now trying to like anti cop Black Lives Matter. It's not treated. They had all the roads shut down. But she was

trying to drive through a security checkpoint that could be still possible that they had all the roads shut down. And

one of them was Army, right. And then she went to another it was Army. And then they just shot her needle. They shot against the cops.

They shot her and she had her daughter in the car. Hmm, that's a horrible story. I don't want to know that. But But

my point was, I don't judge things by money. Black people. Because that was really a big story at the time. When I came out because I'd seen the footage I was watching live and saw I'm taking it I said it's a black lady. And what the hell this one was like. They were like, Oh my God, He cares about black people. Yeah, man, I care about whatever they call it. They are. And it was that moment. They like all just bought product. And it was like this outpouring and letters and flowers. Like you stood up for a black woman. I'm like, dude, half of the black people incepted in this country or aborted? Joe.

Those Planned Parenthood groups had a real number. Yeah,

like 60% Some cities. They were hired. It was all set up. Margaret Sanger said we're targeting black people. And you know what the other day I see big population as a dumb white people. Dumb black people all these pay. I get like there's too many people in some areas there are I can get the point is is that you're going to like Target black people and then tell them that you care about them. When you're the kk k Democrats, and you've got Margaret Sanger set up, and you're doing all this and I walk out of a mall, I won't tell them all two years ago used to are the same black Israelite group that was yelling at yelling at the Covington Catholic kid saying you're all Nazis, when they attacked them are the same one that covered there like black people, black people, or God. And white people are the do, and we're gonna kill the white people. And so I'm sitting there walking out of this mall as Trump got elected in Houston. I remember because I was around my wife she wanted like a Burberry coat or something. I was out visit family and these black guys go, we're going to kill you. I didn't hate him because they were black guys. They were literally Nazis. And I remember sitting there in that parking lot, walking across and I said, Well, have you such big men? Heal me now? And it wasn't my my wife

they're saying, you white. Okay, we gotta kill your last

I want to end this show on a positive note. I'm not against black people. I know, you know what? Black

people are like that. 1%. One 10% of 1%. The point is, is that I've literally go to black Israelite group. Yes.

I wrote a story about it on my website, way, way back in the day, I was hanging out with them. And they were saying George Washington was a black man. They had all this crazy interpretation of the Bible. One guy would read and the other guy would like repeat George Washington kill you they dress up like superheroes. It's very unusual organization. Well, yeah. I wasn't putting down I know you weren't I know you weren't there. He you know his take on it. I mean, I don't think it's a unified front. I don't think all black Israelites across the country have the exact same ideas. Keep in we got to end this. It's almost five o'clock. Five out Yes. We don't hit anybody. Let's be friends. Eddie Bravo. Thanks for coming in man and keeping this thing like

the only place is info wars.com and news wars.com. They blocked us everywhere else. It is the verboten.

You have an Instagram page though. You do have an Instagram people don't play.

Hey, they're taking everybody's free speech. We got whether I read the white supremacy of the black supremacists. I don't whether I agree with a Scientologist really with other Muslims. The point is we should agree with free speech and say no to this and not have some sell out to China. Or just to go to China. You got to waive all your rights

here here. Alex Jones. Ladies Gentlemen, we'll see you guys soon.

