Thanks for doing this man. Really appreciate it. Hey, welcome. Very good to meet you.

Nice to meet you, too.

Thanks for not letting this place on fire. You're welcome. Later, how does one just in the middle of doing all the things you do create cars, rockets, all this stuff you're doing constantly innovating besides just make flame thrower where you have the time for that.

Well, the final Edwin, we didn't put a lot of time into the flame thrower. The this was an off the cuff thing. And so sort of like it's sort of a sort of a hobby company called the boring company, which started out as a joke. And we decided to make it real and dig a tunnel under LA. And then they then people other people asked us to dig tunnels. And so we said yes, in a few cases. No. And then and then we have a merchandise section that only has one piece of merchandise at a time. And we started off with a cap. And there was only one thing on it was just boring company.com/cap or hat. That's it. And then we sold the hats limited limited edition. It just said the boring company. And then I'm big fan of Spaceballs the movie and in Spaceballs yogurt, goes through the merchandising section. And they have a flame thrower in the merchandising section of Spaceballs. And like the kids love that one. That's the line. When he pulls up the flame thrower, it's like we should do a flame thrower. So we

does anybody tell you no. Does anybody go Elon? Maybe for yourself, but selling a flame thrower, the liabilities all the people you're selling this device to what kind of unhinged people are going to be buying a flame thrower in the first place to really want to connect ourselves to all these potential arsonists.

Yeah, it's a terrible idea. Terrible. Buy one. I said don't buy this flame thrower. Don't buy it. Don't buy it. That's what I said. But still people bought it. There's nothing I can do to stop them. It's, I build it. I said don't buy it. It's a bad idea.

How many did you make you?

It's dangerous. It's got it's wrong. Don't buy it. Still people bought it just couldn't stop them.

How many did you make?

20,000.

And they're all gone. In

three, I think four days. We're sold out in four days.

Are you going to do another run? No. Now let's it.

Yes. I said we'll do 20. We did 50,000 50,000 hats. At and and that was a million dollars. And he's like, Okay, well, we'll sell something for 10 million. And that was 20,000 throws at $500 each. They went fast.

Yeah. How do you? How do you have the time to do that, though? I mean, I understand that it's not a big deal in terms of all the other things you do. But how do you have time to do anything? I just I don't understand your time management skills.

I mean, it didn't spend much time on this flame thrower. I mean, to be totally frank, it's actually just a roofing torch with an air rifle cover. It's not a real flame thrower.

Which is why it says not a flame thrower. That's why we were very clear.

This is not actually a flame thrower. And it also were told that various countries would would ban shipping of it, but they would not they would ban flame throwers. So we very to solve this problem. For the customs agencies. We labeled it not a flame thrower.

That work was effective.

I don't know. I think so. Yeah. So far. Yes. Now, but you do said you cannot stop a flame thrower.

But you do so many different things. You forget about the flame thrower? Like how do you do all that other shit? Like, how do you how do you how does one decide to fix LA traffic by drilling holes in the ground? And who do you even approach with that? Like, when you have this idea? Who do you talk to about that?

I mean, I'm not saying it's gonna be successful, or sorry, you know, I know. It's like, asserting that it's going to be successful. But so far. I've lived in LA for 16 years. And the traffic has always been terrible. And so I don't see any other like ideas for improving the traffic. So in desperation, we're going to dig a tunnel, and maybe that tunnel be successful, and maybe it won't

I'm listening. Yeah. I'm

not trying to convince you it's gonna work and

are the people that you are anyone? But you are starting this though. This is actually a project you're starting to implement, right? Yeah,

no, we've we've dug about a mile. It's quite long. Take a long time to walk it. Yeah.

Now when you're doing this, what is the ultimate plan? The ultimate plan is to have these in major cities and anywhere there's mass congestion and just try it out in LA first. Yeah,

it's, it's in LA because I mostly live in LA. That's the reason it's a terrible place to dig tunnels. This is one of the worst place to dig tunnels, because the there's mostly because of the paperwork. You'll think it's like, what about seismic, it's like, actually, both tunnels are very safe in earthquakes.

Why is that? earthquakes.

Earthquakes are essentially of surface phenomenon. It's like, like waves on the ocean. So if you've, if there's a storm, you want to be on the on a submarine. So being a tunnel is like being a submarine. Now, the way the tunnels construct is, it's constructed out of these interlocking segments, kind of like a snake. It's sort of like a snake exoskeleton with double seals. And so even when the ground moves, the it's able to the tunnel actually is able to shift along with the ground, like an underground snake. And it doesn't crack or break. Or, or and, and it's extremely unlikely that both seals would be broken. And it's, it's, it's capable of taking five atmospheres of pressure. It's waterproof methane proof, or gas proof of any kind. And meets all California seismic requirements.

So when you have this idea, who do you bring this to?

I'm not sure what you mean by that?

Well, when you're you're implementing it. So you're digging holes in the ground, but you have to bring it to someone that lets you do it. Yeah. So

there were there were some engineers from SpaceX. Who were who thought it would be cool to do this. And the guy who runs it, like, day to day, Steve Davis, his longtime SpaceX engineer, is great. So Steve was like, I'd like to help make this happen. He was like, Cool. So we started off with digging a hole in the ground, got like a permit for a pit, big pit, and dug a big pit.

And you have to tell them what the pits for are you just, hey, we just want to dig a hole.

Nice, fill out this form. And that's it. Yeah, I was put in our parking lot.

And but do you have to give them some sort of a blueprint for your ultimate idea? And do they have to approve it? Like, how does that work?

Now? We're just started off with the pit. Okay, big pit? And I guess not really, you know, they don't really care about the existential nature of pit, you just say like, I want a bit, right? Yeah. And it's a hole in the ground. So then, we got permit for the pit, and we dug the pit. And we dug it in, like, three days to three days, actually 248 hours, something like that. Because Eric Carr said he was coming by for the hype to, he was gonna attend the Hyperloop competition, which is like a student competition we have for who can make the fastest pod in the Hyperloop. And he was coming, this was the finals are gonna be on Sunday afternoon. And so Eric was coming by on Sunday afternoon was like, you know, we should take this pit and then like, show, Eric. So we was like, Friday morning. And then yeah, so it's about a little over 40 or 40 hours later, we dug the pit. There's like when 24/7 or 2440, straight out something like that, and dug this big pit. And, and we're like, Sure, Eric the pit. Like, obviously, it's just a pit. But hey, it's hole in the ground is better than no hole in the ground.

And what do you tell me about this pit? I mean, you just said this thing of this idea. Yes, we're gonna build tunnels under LA to help funnel traffic better. And they go and they just go, okay. That we've joked around about this in the podcast before to like, what are the person can go to the people that run the city and go, Hey, we're gonna dig some holes on the ground, put some tunnels in there. And they go, Oh, yeah. Okay.

Nothing wrong with a hole in the ground. But it's people dig holes in the ground all the time. But

Mike, my question is like, I know how much time you must be spending on your Tesla factory. I know how much time you must be spending on SpaceX. And you still have time to dig holes under the ground in LA and come up with these ideas and then implemented like, I

had a million ideas. I'm sure he does. No shortage of that. Yeah, I

just don't know how you manage your time. I don't understand it. It doesn't seem. It doesn't even seem humanly possible.

You know, I do, basically, I think people like don't totally understand what I do with my time. They think like I'm a business guy or something like that. Like my Wikipedia page says business magnate, what would you call yourself? Or business magnate? Please change my Wikipedia page to magnet,

they'll change right now he's probably already changed. It's locked. So somebody has to be able to unlock

it and change it to magnet. So I'm gonna go what do we have magnet? I do engineering and, you know, and manufacturing and that kind of thing. That's like 80% more of my time,

ideas, and then the implementation of those ideas. That's like,

hardcore engineering. Like, yeah, designing things, you know, right. structural, mechanical, electrical, software, user interface, engineering, aerospace engineering.

But you must understand there's not a whole lot of human beings like you. You know that right? To you're an artist seems Yes. To chimps like me.

We're all chimps. Yeah, we are one notch, one notch above a chimp. Some

of us are a little more confused. When I watch you doing all these things. I'm like, How does this motherfucker have all this time? And all this energy, and all these ideas? And then people just let them do these things?

Because I'm an alien. That's what I've speculated. Yes.

I'm on record saying this in the past. I wonder. It's true. And if there was one, I was like, if there was like, maybe an intelligent being that we created, you know, like, some AI creature that's superior to people. Maybe you just hang around with us for a little while, like you've been doing and then fix a bunch shit. Maybe that's the way

rotation or something like that. You

might do you think you do? Probably do you wonder like be around normal people. You'll think what's up with these boring dumb motherfuckers? Ever?

Not bad for a human? But I think will not be able to hold a candle to AI.

Hmm. You scare the shit out of me when you talk about AI between you and Sam Harris. Consider until at a podcast with Sam once. He made me shitting my pants. Talking about AI. I realized like, oh, well, this is a genie that wants out of the bottle. You never get it back in. That's true. There was a video that you tweeted about one of those Boston dynamic robots. And you know, like, in the future, it'll be moving so fast. You can't see without a strobe light. Yeah,

you could probably do that right now.

And no one's really paying attention too much other than people like you are people that are really obsessed with technology. All these things are happening and these robots are Did you see the one where PETA put out statement that you shouldn't kick robots?

It's probably not wise. For retribution, that their memory is very good.

I bet it's really good. It's really good. I bet it is. Yes. And getting better every day is really are you honestly legitimately concerned about this? Are you is like AI? One of your main worries in regards to the future?

Yes, it's less of a worry than it used to be mostly due to taking more of a fatalistic attitude.

So you used to have more hope. And you gave up some of it. And now you don't worry as much about AI you like this is just what it is.

Pretty much. It's no, it's not necessarily bad. It's just, it's definitely going to be outside of human control.

Not necessarily bad, right? Yeah, it's

not it's not necessarily bad. It's just it's just outside of human control. Now, the thing that's going to be tricky here is that it's going to be very tempting to use AI as a weapon. It's can be very tempting. In fact, it will be used as a weapon. So the the, the the on ramp to serious AI. The danger is going to be more humans using it against each other, I think most likely, that'll be the danger. Yeah. How

far do you think we are from something that can make its own mind up whether or not something's ethically or morally correct or whether or not it wants to do something or whether or not it wants to improve itself? Or whether or not it wants to protect itself from people or from other AI? How far away we are from something that's really truly sentient?

Well, I mean, you could argue that any group of people like it like a company is essential. li as a cybernetic collective of people and machines, that's what a company is. And then there are different. There's different levels of complexity in the way these companies are formed. And then there are sort of, is this like a collective AI in, in the Google sort of search, Google search, you know, the, where we're all sort of plugged in as like, like nodes on the network, like leaves on a big tree. Or have enrolled, we're all feeding this network with our questions and answers. We're all collectively programming, the AI. And the Google Plus, the older humans that connect to it are one giant, cybernetic collective. This is also true of Facebook, and Twitter, and Instagram, and all these social networks. The giant cybernetic collective

of humans and electronics all interfacing, and constantly now constantly connected. Yes.

Constantly.

One of the things that I have been thinking about a lot over the last few years is that one of the things that drives a lot of people crazy is how, how many people are obsessed with materialism and getting the latest, greatest thing. And I wonder how much of that is? Well, a lot of it is most certainly fueling technology and innovation. And it almost seems like it's built into us. It's like what we like and what we want, that we're fueling this thing that's constantly around us all the time. And it doesn't seem possible that people are going to pump the brakes, it doesn't seem possible at this stage. We're we're constantly expecting new cell phone, the latest Tesla update, the newest MacBook Pro, everything has to be newer and better. And that's going to lead to some incredible point. And it seems like it's built into us, and almost seems like it's an instinct, that we were working towards this that we like it. Our job, just like the ants build the anthill, our job is to somehow know the fuel this.

Yes, I mean, I made this comment some some years ago, but it feels like we are the biological bootloader for AI, effectively, we are building it. And then we're building progressively greater intelligence. And the percentage of intelligence that is not human is increasing. And eventually, we will represent a very small percentage of intelligence. But the AI isn't formed, strangely by the human limbic system. It is, in large part, our ad writ large.

How so? We

mentioned all those things, the sort of primal drives. There's all all the things that we like, and hate, and fear. They're all there on the internet. They're a projection of our limbic system.

That's true. No, it makes sense in the thinking of it as a I mean, think of thinking of corporations and just thinking of just human beings communicating online through the social media networks as some sort of an organism that's a it's a cyborg. It's a combination to combination of electronics and biology. Yeah.

This is a it's a, it's a measure, like it's the success of these online systems is is sort of a function of, of how much limbic resonance they're able to achieve with people. The more limbic resonance, the more engagement

huh? Whereas, like, one of the reasons why probably Instagram is more enticing than Twitter, limbic resonance, yeah, you get more images more video. Yes. tweaking your system more. Yes. Do you worry about what or wonder in fact of what the next step is? Made? A lot of people didn't see Twitter coming that communicate with 140 characters or 280. Now would be a thing that people would be interested in. Like it's going to excel it's going to become more connected to us right.

Yes, things are getting more and more connected there. At this point constrained by bandwidth. Our input output is slow, particularly output awkward got worse with thumbs. You know, we used to have input with 1010 fingers now we have thumbs. But images are just are also other a way of communicating at high bandwidth. You take pictures and you send pictures to people what sends that's that communicates far more information than you can communicate with your phones.

So what happened with you where you decided or you took on a more fatalistic attitude? Like what was there any specific thing? Or was it just the inevitability of our future?

I tried to convince people to slow down, slow down AI to regulate AI. This was futile. I tried for years.

This you know, what, are you listening in a movie? Nobody robots gonna take over and you're freaking me out. Nobody listened. Nobody Listen, no one. Are people more inclined to listen today? It seems like an issue that's brought up more often over the last few years than it was maybe 510 years ago. It seems like science fiction.

Maybe they will. So far, they haven't. I think people don't like the normally the way that regulations work was very slow. Very slow indeed. So usually, it'll be something some new technology will cause damage or death. There will be an outcry. They will be investigation. Years will pass. There will be some sort of insight committee. They will be rulemaking, then there will be oversight, eventually regulations. This all takes many years. This is the normal course of things. If you look at say automotive regulations, how long did it take for seatbelts to be to be implemented to be required? You know, the auto industry fought seatbelts, I think for more than a decade, successfully fought any regulations on seatbelts even though the numbers were extremely obvious. If you had a seatbelt on, you would be far less likely to die will be certainly injured. unequivocal. And the industry fought this for years successfully. Eventually, after many, many people died, regulators insisted on the belt. This is this timeframe is not relevant to AI. You can't take 10 years from the point at which is dangerous. So late.

And you feel like this is decades away or years away from being too late. If you have this fatalistic attitude, and feel like it's going. We're in almost like a doomsday countdown.

It's not necessarily a doomsday countdown. It's it's a out of control countdown out of control. Yeah. People call it the singularity. And that's, that's probably good way to think about it. It's a singular, it's hard to predict, like a black hole. What what happens past the event horizon,

right. So if once it's implemented, it's very different because it was out of the bottle, what's going to happen? And it will be able to improve itself? Probably yes. That's where it gets spooky, right? The idea that it can do 1000s of years of innovation. We're very, very quickly. Yeah. And then we'll be just ridiculous. Ridiculous. We will be like this ridiculous, biological shitting pissing thing, trying to stop the gods. No, stop. We like we like living with a finite lifespan and watching, you know, Norman Rockwell paintings.

It could be terrible. And it could be great. It's not clear. Right? But one thing is, for sure, we will not control it.

Do you think that it's likely that we will merge somehow or another with this sort of technology? And it'll augment what we are now? Or do you think it will replace us?

Well, that's the scenario. The Merge scenario with AI is the one that seems like probably the best, like for us, yes. Like, if you if you can't beat it, join it. That's yeah, you know. So, from a long term existential standpoint, that's like the purpose of neural link is to create a high bandwidth interface to the brain, such that we can be I symbiotic with AI. Because we have a bandwidth problem that you just can't communicate through your fingers is too slow.

And where's neural link at right now?

I think we'll have something interesting to announce in a few months. That's at least an order of magnitude better than anything else. Probably, I think better than probably anyone thinks as possible.

How much? Can you talk about that right now?

I don't want to jump the gun on that.

But what's like the ultimate? What's, what's the idea behind it? Like, what are you trying to accomplish with it? Like, what would you like best case scenario, I

think best case scenario, we effectively merge with AI. Where we AI is serves as a tertiary cognition layer, where we've got the limbic system, kind of the primitive brain, essentially, you've got the cortex. So you're currently in a symbiotic relationship with your cortex and limbic system are in a symbiotic relationship. And generally, people like their cortex, and they like the limbic system, I haven't met anyone who wants to delete their limbic system or delete their cortex, everybody seems to like both. And the cortex is mostly in service to the limbic system, if you will, may think that, that, that there, that the thinking part of themselves is in charge, but it's mostly their limbic system that's in charge, and the cortex is trying to make the limbic system happy. That's what most of that computing power is oriented towards? How can I make the limbic system happy, that's what we're trying to do. Now, if we do have a third layer, which is the AI extension of yourself, that is also symbiotic. And there's enough bandwidth between the cortex and the AI extension of yourself, such that the AI doesn't de facto separate, then that could be a good outcome, that could be quite a positive outcome for the future.

So instead of replacing us, it will radically change our capabilities.

Yes, it will, it will enable anyone who wants to have superhuman cognition. Anyone who wants this is not a matter of earning power, because your earning power would be vastly greater after you do it. So it's just like, anyone who wants can just do it. In theory, that's the theory. And and if that's the case, then and let's say, billions of people do it, then the outcome for humanity will be the sum of, of human will. The sum of billions of people's desire for the future?

And that billions of people with enhanced cognitive ability radically enhance Yes. And which would be how much different than people today? Like if you if you had to explain it to a person who didn't really understand what you're saying? How much different are you talking about? When you say radically improved? Like, what do you mean? You mean, mind read and

read them? It will be difficult to to really appreciate the difference. It was kinda like, how much smarter are you with a phone or computer than without? It's you're vastly smarter? Actually. You know, you can answer any question. If you connect to the internet, you can answer any question pretty much instantly any calculation that your phone's memory is essentially perfect. You can remember flawlessly, your phone can remember videos, pictures, everything perfectly. That's the that your phone is already an extension of you. You're already a cyborg, you don't even what most people don't realize they are already a cyborg. If that phone is an extension of yourself, it's just that the data rate the rate at which our communication rate between you and the cybernetic extension of yourself that is your phone and computer is slow, it's very slow. And and that that is like a tiny stroll of information flow between your biological self and your digital self. And we need to make that tiny straw like a giant rubber, huge high bandwidth interface, interface problem, data rate problem, solve the data rate problem, then I think I think we can hang on to human machine symbiosis through the long term. And then people may decide that they want to retain their biological self or not. I think they'll probably choose to retain their biological self versus

some sort of Ray Kurzweil scenario where they download themselves into a computer, you

will be essentially snapshotted into a computer at any time. If your biological self dies, you could just probably just upload into a new unit.

digitally. Pass that whiskey. We're getting crazy. Ridiculous. down the rabbit hole. Grab that sucker. Can you see that? This is too freaky.

See if I was thinking about this for a long time, by the way,

I believe Yeah. If I was talking to cheers, by the way, chairs,

it was a great whiskey.

Thank you know where this came from? Who brought this to us trying to remember it? Somebody gave it to us old camp, whoever it was. Thanks. Good. Yeah, it is good. Um, this is just inevitable. Again, going back to your when you decided to have this fatalistic viewpoint. So you want to try to warn people, you talked about this? pretty extensively? I've read several interviews where he talked about this. And then you just sort of just said, okay, just is. Let's just end you in a way you're by communicating the potential. I mean, for sure, you're getting the warning out to some people? Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, I was really going on the warning quite quite a lot. I was warning everyone I could have met with Obama. And just for one reason, like, just what about AI?

Yes. And what did he say? So what about Hillary? Worry about her first?

He listened. He certainly listened. I met with Congress I met with, I was at a meeting of all 50 governors, and talked about just AI danger. And I talked to everyone I could. No one seemed to realize where this was going.

Is it that? Or do they just assume that someone smarter than them has already taken care of it? Because when people hear about something like AI, it's almost abstract. It's almost, it's almost like it's so it's so hard to wrap your head around it by the time it already happens. It'd be too late.

Yeah, thank they didn't quite understand it, or didn't think it was near term or not sure what to do about it. I said, like, you know, an obvious thing to do is to just establish committee, govern committee to gain insight. You know, before, before you oversight before you do make regulations, you should try to understand what's going on. And then you have an insight committee, then that, once they learn what's going on and get up to speed, then they can make maybe some rules or propose some roles. And and that would be probably a safer way to go about things.

It seems I mean, I know that it's probably something that the government is supposed to handle. But it seems like I wouldn't want the I don't want the government to handle this. Who do you want to have like you to handle? Oh, geez. Yeah. I feel like you're the one who could ring the bell better? Because if if Mike Pence starts talking about AI, I'm like, Shut up, bitch. You don't know anything about AI? Come on, man. He doesn't know what he's talking about.

But I don't have the power to regulate other companies. I want to I suppose maybe

companies could agree. Maybe there could be some sort of a mean there's, we have agreements where you're not supposed to dump toxic waste into the ocean, you're not supposed to do certain things that could be terribly damaging, even though they'd be profitable. Maybe this is one of those things, maybe we should realize that you can't hit the switch on something that's going to be able to think for itself, and make up its own mind as to whether or not it wants to survive or not. And whether or not thinks you're a threat. And whether or not thinks you're useless. Like why do I keep this dumb, finite life form alive? Why? Why keep this thing around? It's just stupid. It just keeps polluting everything shitting everywhere it goes, lighting everything on fire and shooting each other. Why would I keep this stupid thing alive? Because sometimes it makes good music. You know, sometimes it makes great movies. Sometimes it makes beautiful art and sometimes, you know, sometimes it's cool to hang out with those reasons. Yeah. For us. Those are great reasons. Yes, but for anything objective standing outside like oh, this is definitely a flawed system. This is like if you went to the jungle and you watch these chimps engage in warfare and beat each other with me. They're fucking really fucking mean. The real me

like maybe chimpanzee Yeah, those can be like some Disney things like holy cow. What

movie was that? Literally called chimpanzee. Who is it a documentary?

Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like a documentary. I was like, Damn these chimps are mean. They're mean.

Yeah,

they're cruel.

They're, they're calculated. Yeah, yeah, they sneak up on each other. And,

like I realized chimps did cat later cruelty. Yeah, I was pretty. left that meeting kind of thinking, Whoa, this is dark.

Right? Well we know better because we've advanced. But if we hadn't, we'd be like, Man, I don't want to fucking live in a house like the champ ways bro. Chimp ways to go this is it man chimp life right now. But we in a way to the AI might be like those chimps like these stupid Fox launching missiles out of drones and shoot each other underwater like we're crazy. We got torpedoes, submarines and fucking airplanes that drop nuclear bombs indiscriminately on cities are assholes. Yeah, they might go, why are they doing this? It might like look at our politics. Look at what we do in terms of our food system. What What kind of food we forced down each other's throats. And they might go this these people crazy don't even look out for themselves.

I don't know. I mean, how much do we think about chimps? Not much very little. It's like these chimps are at war. These like, look like groups of chimps just attack each other. And they kill each other. They torture each other. That's pretty bad. They hunt monkeys. They're like, this is probably the most that. You know. I mean, when's the last time you talked about chimps?

Let me yeah, all the time. You do talk? Okay. Well, unfortunately. Podcast, dude. Chimp, chimp city episode. Okay. People are laughing right now. Yeah, constantly obsessed. I saw that David Attenborough documentary on chimps when they were eating those Columbus monkeys and ripping them apart. I saw that many many years ago. Just to how long ago? Oh, this is why people are so crazy. We came from that thing.

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Or the bonobo, so yeah, they gotta like better philosophy. Yeah,

they like swingers. Yeah, they really are. They're they they seem to be way more even than us way more civilized.

It just seemed to resolve everything with sex. Yeah.

The only rules they have is the mom won't bang the son. That's it. Okay. That's it. Mom won't bring your sons. They're good women. Yeah, good women. The bonobo community. Everybody else is banging it out. Yeah.

I haven't seen the bonobo movie.

Well, they're disturbing just at a zoo. You know you have bonobo is at the zoo. They just constantly go and constantly fucking stop. Yeah, and they don't care gay, straight, whatever. Let's just fuck it.

I haven't seen but I was at a zoo is probably not on the PGA section.

I don't think they have them at many zoos we've looked at is probably pretty awkward. I think that's the thing. They like to keep regular chimps at zoos because but almost just always jacking off. What's that they have in San Diego? Got some really interesting.

Yeah, I mean, how many other in a cage? You know, it's

like, right. It's

gonna be pretty intense. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah, we're we're weird thing. You know. And I've often wondered if, whether or not we're, you know, our ultimate goal is to give birth to some new thing. And that that's why we're so obsessed with technology. Because it's not like this technology is really, I mean, it's certainly enhancing our lives to in a certain way. But is mean, ultimately, is it making people happier right now? Most technology? I would say no. In fact, you and I were talking about social media before this, about just not having Instagram on your phone and not dealing you feel better? Yes,

I think one of the issues with social media, it's been pointed out by many people is that I think maybe particularly Instagram, people look like they have a much better life than they really

do. Right? So by design, yeah, people

are posting pictures of when they're really happy. They're modifying those pictures to be better looking. If they're not modifying the pictures, they're at least selecting the pictures for the best lighting the best angle. So people basically seem they're way better looking than they basically really are. And they're way happier seeming than they really are. So if you look at everyone on Instagram, you might think, man, they're all these happy, beautiful people. And I'm not that good looking, and I'm not happy. So I must suck, you know, and that's gonna be feel sad. So when in fact, those people you think are super happy, actually not that happy. Some of them are really depressed. They're very sad. Some of the happiest seeming people, actually some of the saddest people in reality. And nobody looks good all the time. Doesn't matter who you are.

No. It's not even something you should want. Why do you want to look great all the time? Yeah,

exactly. So. So I think I think things like that can make people quite sad. Just just by comparison, because you just sort of you people, people generally think of themselves relative to, to others. It's like we are constantly re, we baselining our expectations. And you can see the say, if you watch some show, like Naked and Afraid, or if you just go and try living in the woods, by yourself for a while, and you'll like learn that civilization is quite great. Has loads a lot of people want to come back to civilization pretty fast on Naked and Afraid. Wasn't

that a Thoreau quote? Comparison is the thief of joy.

Yeah, of happiness is reality minus expectations.

That's great, too. But the comparison is the thief of joy really holds true to peep. Is it Theodore Roosevelt, Roosevelt fascinating. In when you think about Instagram, because what essentially Instagram is with a lot of people is you're giving them the opportunity to be their own PR agent. And they always go towards the glamorous, you know, and when anybody does show, you know, hashtag no filter. If they really do do that, like Oh, you're so brave. Lucky you. Don't make up. No, yeah, they look good. Anyway, you look great. What are you doing? Oh, my God, you're not makeup I still caught as fuck, you know what you're doing? I know what you're doing, too. They're, they're, they're letting you know. And then they feed off that comment section. Oh, just sort of sitting there like, like, it's a fresh stream of love. Like you're getting right up to the sources, it comes out of the earth and you suck. And that's

a lot. A lot of emojis, water, emojis, emojis. Yeah, literally emojis.

My what my concern is not so much what Instagram is, is that I didn't think that people had the need for this, or the expectation for some sort of technology that allows them to constantly get love and adulation from strangers and comments and this ability to project this sort of distorted version of who you really are. But I worry about where it goes. Like, what's the next one? What's the next one? Like? Where is it? Is it going to be augmented to some sort of a weird augmented or virtual sort of Instagram type situation, where you're not going to want to live in this real world? You're going to want to interface with this sort of world that you've created through your social media page. At some next level thing?

Yeah. Go live in the simulation. Yeah, maybe in the simulation Ready

Player One type shit, that's real. That seems we have that HTC Vive here. And I've only done it a couple of times, quite honestly, because it kind of freaks me out are my kids fucking love it, man. They love it. They love playing these weirdo games and walking around with that headset on. But part of me watching them do it goes Wow, I wonder if this is like the precursor. Just sort of like if you look at that, that phone that Gordon Gekko had on the beach, and he compared cell phones. Yeah, you pair that to like a Galaxy Note nine. And how the fuck did that become that right? And I wonder when I see this HTC Vive. I'm like, What is that thing going to be 10 years from now when we're making fun of what it is now? What is it? How I mean? How ingrained? And how, how connected and interconnected? Is this technology going to be in our life

will be, at some point, indistinguishable from reality. Where

we'll lose this. We're lose this like you and I just looked at each other through our eyes. I see. Oh, you see me, I think I hope you think so I think you probably have run out regular eyes.

This could be some simulation, it could do you entertain that? Well, the argument for the simulation, I think is quite strong. Because if you assume any improvements at all, over time, any improvement 1% point 1% just extend the timeframe make it 1000 years, a million years the universe is 13 point 8 billion years old. What would what civilization if you counted, if you're very generous civilization is maybe seven or 8000 years old. If you counted from the first writing. There's nothing, there's nothing. So if you assume any rate of improvement at all, then games will be indistinguishable from reality. Or civilization will end one of those two things will occur. Although we are most likely in a simulation,

or we're on our system, right, which is we could most certainly be on the road. We could be on the road did that. Right? It doesn't mean that it has to face reality. It could be in based reality. We could be here now on our way to the road or on our way to the destination where this can never happened again, where we are completely ingrained in some sort of an artificial technology or some sort of a symbiotic relationship with the internet or the next level of sharing information. But right now we're not there yet that's possible to right. It's possible that a simulation is one day going to be inevitable that we're going to have something that's indistinguishable from regular reality. But maybe we're not there yet. That's also possible. When you're quite there yet, this is real. When I touch that feels very real. Maybe that's why everybody's like getting to like mason jars and shit. Mason suede shoes. People want to like craft restaurants and they wouldn't want raw wood. Everyone's everyone wants the metal people. It seems like people are like longing towards some weird log cabin type nostalgia reality. Yeah, like holding on like clinging to sir. dragging their nails through the mud. Like don't take me. Yes, I want to but

then But then people will go get a mason jar with a wind stem or handle. That's dark. Makes me lose faith in humanity. Wind

stem and a handle. They have those?

Yes. Oh, that's

dirty people. That's assholes. That's like people make pet rocks rough. Right? This is some people are just assholes. They take advantage of our generous nature.

It was made with the Weinstein made with a handle. They

made it that way. Yes. So the ones like that onto the mason jar. You felt

that would be fine. If there was, like glued it on or something. But nobody likes made that way.

Like trash chic. Oh, this is disgusting. This is. This is terrible. Yeah, that's like fake breasts that are designed to be hard, like fake breasts from the 60s. It's like, if you're really long for the ones with ripples. Here we go. That's almost what that is. Yeah. What are you going to do? Man? Nothing mean, something to stop certain terrible ideas from propagating?

Yeah. Anyway, I don't want to sound like things are too dark, because I think like you kind of have to be optimistic about the future. There's no point in being pessimistic. Just to negative doesn't help. You know, I think you want to be. I mean, my theory is like you'd rather be optimistic. I think I'd rather I'd rather be optimistic and wrong than pessimistic and Right. Right. At least err on that side. Right. Yeah. Because if you're pessimistic, it's going to be miserable. Yeah.

Yeah. Nobody wants to be around you anyway. If it's the end of the world, like a folk told you, bro. Yeah.

The world's ending?

Yeah.

It is what it is, for all I mean, enjoy the journey.

Right? If you really want to get morose, I mean, it is what it is for all of us. Anyway, we were all going to unless some something changes.

Yeah. And I mean, ultimately, you know, even if we just sort of existed as humans forever we'd be. We'd still eventually that'd be like the heat death of the universe, right? a zillion years from now. Right?

If we get past the sun, if we figure out a way past the sun, running out of juice, eventually

it's going to end. It's just a question of when, right? So it really, it's all about the journey,

or transcendence. From whatever we are now into something that doesn't worry about death.

The universe as we know, it will dissipate into a fine mist of cold nothingness eventually, then someone's

going to bottle it and put a fragrance to it, sell it to French people in another dimension.

It's just a very long time. So I think it's really just about how can we make it last longer?

Are you a proponent of the multi universes theory? Do you believe that there are many, many universes and that even if this one fades out that there's other ones that are starting fresh right now. And there's an infinite number of them. They're just constantly in this never ending cycle of birth and death.

I think most likely, this is just about probability. There are many, many simulations. These simulations are, we might as well call them reality. Or you could call them a multiverse.

These simulations you believe are created, like someone has manually running

on a substrate. So that substrate is probably boring,

boring. How so?

Or when we create a simulation, like a game or a movie, it's a distillation of what's interesting about life. You know, it takes can take a year to shoot an action movie. And then that's all distilled down into two or three hours. So let me tell you if you see an action movie being filmed, it's friggin boring. Super boring. Takes, there's like lots of takes as everything's gonna go mean screen looks pretty goofy doesn't look cool. But once you add the CGI, and have great editing, it's amazing. So like most likely, if we're a simulation, it's really boring outside the simulation. Because why would you make simulation? That's boring? Because it makes simulation way more interesting. The base reality.

That is if this right now is a simulation, yes. And ultimately, inevitably, we're if as long as we don't die or get hit by a meteor, we're going to create some sort of simulation if we continue on the same technological path where we're on right now, yes, but we might not be there yet. So it might not be a simulation here. But it most likely is you feel other places.

This notion of place or where is is a flawed, yes. Flawed were like that, if you have this sort of that vive you know, which was made by Valve and steam, and it's really valve that made it HTC did the hardware but it's really a valve thing.

Makers of HalfLife. Yes.

Valve, great company,

great company.

When you're in that, in that, in that virtual reality, which is only gonna get better. Where are you? Where are you really, right? You aren't anywhere? Well, where's the computer?

What what, you know, what defines where you are?

Exactly? Right. It's your perception.

Is it your perceptions? Or is it you know, a scale that we have on your but you're right here, I've measured you, you're the same way as you were when you left? Me while you're experienced? Why do you

think you're where you are right now? You might not be? I'll spark up join. If

you keep talking. Your manager is gonna come in here, we might have to lock the door.

Right now you think you're in a studio in LA? That's what I heard. You might be in a computer. Oh,

missing me. I think about this all the time. Yeah, I mean, it's unquestionable that one day that'll be the case. As long as we keep going, as long as nothing interrupts us. And if we start from scratch, and you know, we're single celled organisms all over again. And then millions and millions of years later, we become the next thing that is us. With creativity and the ability to change its environment. It's going to keep monkeying with things until it figures out a way to change reality. To change, I mean, almost like punch a hole through what is this thing into what, what it wants it to be, and create new things. And then those new things will intersect with other people's new things. And then there'll be this ultimate pathway of infinite ideas and expression, all through technology. Yeah. And then we're wondering, we're gonna wonder, like, why are we here? What are we doing?

Let's find out. Well, I mean, I think we should take the actions, the set of actions that are most likely to make the future better.

Yes. Right. Yeah. Right. Right.

And then reevaluate those actions to make sure they're there that it's true. Well,

I think there's a movement to that. I mean, in terms of like a social movement, I think some of its misguided and some of its exaggerated and there's a lot a lot of people that are fighting for their side out there. But it seems like the general trend of like, social awareness seems to be much more heightened now than it's ever been in any other time in history, because of our ability to express ourselves instantaneously to each other through Facebook or Twitter or what have you. And that the trend is to abandon preconceived notions, abandoned prejudice, abandoned discrimination, and promote kindness and happiness as much as possible. Looking at this knife. Somebody gave it to me, sorry. My friend Donnie brought this with him and it just stayed here. I have a real samurai sword. I want to play with that. I know you're into weapons. That's from the 1500s Samurai sword at the end of the table. Yeah, that's cool. I'll grab it. Hold on

Yeah, that's a legit samurai sword from an actual samurai from the 1500s. If you pull out that blade, that blade was made the old way, where a master craftsman folded that metal and hammered it down over and over again, over a long period of time and honed that blade into what it is now. What's crazy is that more than 500 years later, that thing is still pristine. I mean, whoever took care of that and pass it down to the next person who took care of it and and You know, till it got to the podcast room. It's pretty fucking crazy. Yeah, one day someone's going to be looking at a Tesla like that. He's fucking back doors, they pop up sideways, like a Lamborghini.

You should see what Tesla can do. You didn't you should I'll show you after

I've driven one. I love them. Yeah, but most people don't know what it can do in terms of like, Ludicrous mode. In terms of like driving super fast and irresponsibly on public roads is that

when he called can do that? Yeah.

What can it do that that I need to know about?

I have in the Model X can do this like ballet thing to the Trans Siberian Orchestra. It's pretty cool.

We're at dances, yes. legitimately, like, yes. Why would you program that into a car?

Seemed like fun. That's

what I get about you. That's what's weird. Like when you showed up here, you were all smiles. And you pull out a fucking blowtorch and not a blowtorch. But I'm like, looking at a flame thrower. Not a flame thrower. Like,

it's definitely not.

You're you're having fun. Like, this is like this thing. Well, you know, you program a car to do a ballet dance. Fun. How do you have the time to do that and understand, while you're digging holes under the earth instead of rockets into space, and power in people in Australia? Like how the fuck do you have time to make the car dance ballet?

Well, I mean, in that case, there were some engineers at Tesla that said, you know, what if we make this car dance and play music? I was like, that sounds great. Let's try to get it done in time for Christmas. We did do.

Is there a concern about someone just losing their mind and making do that in the highway? Now or do that? What if it's a lot better bumper traffic? Nope. No. won't do it. Nope.

It's actually you have to? It's an Easter egg. It's an Easter egg. Yeah, that's why people don't know about it. But if you will have the car? Well, it's like you can do lots of things. Lots of things

once Reddit gets a hold of it. Everyone's Oh, you just have. It's

everyone. If you search for it on the internet, you will find out but people don't know that. They should even search for it.

Oh, well, they do now.

Yes, yes. There's so many things about the Model X and the Model S and the model three that people don't know about, we should probably do a video or something. Explain it. Because I've have close friends of mine. And I say Do you know the Cochrane do this? And they're like, nope.

Do you want to do a video that? Do you like the fact that some people don't know?

No, I think it's probably not. We should tell people? Yeah, probably

yes. That would help your product. I mean, it's not like you don't sell enough of them. You sell almost too many of them. Right?

I mean, I think a Tesla is the most fun thing you could possibly buy ever. That's what it's meant to be. Well, our goal is to make it's it's not exactly a car. It's actually a thing to maximize enjoyment. Make us maximum fun. Okay.

Electronic, like big screen laptop. ridiculous speed. handling all that stuff.

Yeah. Do you have you gotta put video games in it?

You are? Yeah. Is that wise?

Well, what can you you won't be able to drive while you're playing the video game. But we're like, for example, we just parked we're just putting the Atari emulator rom emulator in it. So we'll play Missile Command and lunar lander and a bunch of other things.

Yeah, that sounds cool. It's pretty fun. I like that. Yeah.

And we improve the interface and Missile Command because it's too hard with the old trackball. So this is this is a touchscreen version of vessel command. So you have a chance

do you you have an old car don't you? Don't you have like an old Jaguar?

Yeah, yeah, that's that's what's that? 61 series one e type jag er.

I love cars. It's great. Yeah, I love old cars.

That's the only Yeah, the only to get only two gasoline cars. I have that. And an old like a Ford Model T that a friend of mine gave me my only two gasoline cars.

Is the Ford Model T all stock. Well, there's your car. Ooh, the convertible. That is our car. That's a good looking car. Yes. Is that yours?

That is it's not mine. It's extremely close to mine. That I don't have a French license plate on mine.

It's a beautiful car. They needed that's mine looks like that. God they nailed that. That's what mine looks like because It is mine. There's certain iconic shapes. Yes. And there's there's something about those cars too. They're not as capable, not nearly as capable as like a Tesla. But there's something really satisfying about the mechanical aspect of like feeling the steering and the grinding of the gears and the shifting. There's something about those that's extremely satisfying, even though they're not that competent. Like, I have a 1993 Porsche 964. It's like a lightweight, it's not an RS America. It's not very fast. It's not like in comparison to a Tesla or anything like that. But the thing about it is like, it's mechanical. It feels like everything's like it's, it gives you this weird thrill like you're on this clinky ride. And this all this feedback. There's something to that.

Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, yeah, my type is like, basically no electronics. Yeah.

So you like that, but you also like electronics? Yeah, like your Tesla's soup. It's like the far end of electronics. Yes. drives itself. It's driving

itself better every day. Yeah. It's like we're about to release the software that will enable you to just turn it on and it'll drive from Highway on ramp to highway exit. Do lane changes overtake other cars to go from one interchange the next if you get on, say the 405. Get off, get off 300 miles later and go through several highway interchanges, and just to overtake other cars and hook into the nav system.

And then you're just meditating, home? Cars just traveling, right? It's kind of eerie. It's kind of eerie. What did you think when you saw that video? That dude fallen asleep behind the wheel? And I'm sure you've seen it. The one in San Francisco is like right outside of San Jose dudes out cold like this. The cars into bumper to bumper traffic moving along? Yeah. Are you seeing it? Right?

Yeah, we change the software. That's I think an old video we changed software where if you don't touch the wheel, it will gradually slow down and put the emergency lights on and wake you up. Oh, that's

hilarious. Yeah, that's hilarious. Yeah. Can you choose what voice wakes you up? Well,

it's sort of more of a it's sort of honks.

Yeah, you should be like, wake up. fuckface. Well, endangering your fellow humans.

We could we could gently wake you up with a sultry voice.

That would be good. Like something with a southern accent. Hey, wake up.

Wake up sunshine. Hey, sweet.

Exactly what you wake like pick could pick your right let's see what you want. Yeah, she's

the Australian girl for Siri. Yeah. Take her boys. Do

you want it seductive? Favorite? I like what flavor of do what you want to be angry? Could be anything.

Do you want those Australian prison lady jeans? Now when you when you program something like that in is this in response to a concern? Or is it your own? Yeah, if you do you look at it and go, hey, they shouldn't just be able to fall asleep. It's wake them up.

Yeah, yeah. We it's like, you know, we're like, you know, people falling asleep. We were about to do something about that.

Right. But when you first released it, you didn't consider it right? You just like, well, no one's gonna just sleep.

People fall asleep in cars all the time. Crash. Yeah, at least our car doesn't crash. That's better. It's better not to crash. Imagine if that guy had fallen asleep in a gasoline car? All the time? For sure. Yeah, they would crash in somebody. Yeah. And in fact, the thing that really got me to it's like, man, we better get autopilot. going get it out there was a guy was in an early Tesla driving down the highway and he fell asleep. And he ran over a cyclist and killed him. And it's like, it's like, man, if we had autopilot. When we run out, we might have fallen asleep. But at least you wouldn't run over that cyclist.

So how did you implement it? Like, did you just use cameras in programmed with the system so that if it sees images, it slows down? And how much time do you give? Is the person who's in control of it allowed to program how fast it goes?

Yes. Yeah, you can program it to be more or less, like more conservative, or like more aggressive driver. And you can say what speed you want it to what what speed is okay?

I know you have Ludicrous mode, you have douchebag mode.

Well, it just cuts people off.

Well, for lane changes. It's tricky. Because if you're in like, LA, like unless you're pretty aggressive, right? It's pretty it's hard to change lanes.

It's hard to be Satnaam it's hard to be namaste here in LA Yeah. If you want to hit that Santa Monica Boulevard. Oh, Free.

I mean, you got to be a little pushy. You got to be a little pushy. Yeah. Especially freeway angry.

Yeah. A little angry. They don't want you and they speed up.

Sometimes. You know, I think people like, overall a pretty nice on the highway even in LA but sometimes they're not. Do you

think the neural link will help that? Like probably everybody be locked in together this hive mind?

I know it'll help it won't have traffic that'll

have a lot. Yeah. How many of those can you put in there?

Cuz that's thing about money. That's thing about tunnels as you can go 3d, so many levels, right?

So until you hit Hell

yeah, but you go you can have 100 levels of tunnel there bombs,

Jesus Christ, I don't want to be on 9999 Negative 99 floors, who

this is one of the fundamental things people don't appreciate about tunnels is that there's not like roads, the fundamental issue with roads is that you have a 2d transport system and a 3d living and workspace environment. So you got all these tall buildings or concentrated work environments. And, and then then you want to go into this like 2d transport system, which usually in a very low density, because cars per spaced out pretty far. And so that obviously is not going to work. You're going to have traffic guaranteed. But if you can go 3d On your transport system, then you can solve all traffic. And you can either go 3d up with a flying car, or and go 3d Down with tunnels. You can have as many tunnel levels as you want. And you can arbitrarily relieve any amount of traffic. You can go further down with tunnels and you can go up with buildings. Your 10,000 feet down if you want. I wouldn't recommend it. But what

was that movie with? What's this face? Bradley Cooper, not Bradley Cooper. Christian know what the fuck his name was Batman. Christian Bale where they fought dragons. Him and Matthew McConaughey went down deep into the earth. How deep can they go? Yeah, it was.

It was that man for dragons.

Batman. Arena fire Reena fire.

Okay, we saw that now.

But good. I wouldn't recommend drilling super far down. Right molten? We're Yeah, Earth is a giant ball of lava. With a thin crust on the top, which we think of as like the surface, this thin crust. And it's mostly just a big ball of lava. That's Earth. But 10,000 feet is not a big deal.

Have you given any consideration whatsoever to the flat earth movement?

That's a troll situation. Oh,

it's not? No, it's not. You would like to think because you're a super genius. But I as a normal normal person. I know this people way dumber than me. And they really really believe they watch you two videos which go on uninterrupted and spew out a bunch of fucking fake facts very eloquently. And articulately. And they really believe these people really believe

I mean if it works for them. Sure.

Finally, fine. Weird though, right?

That this age where? You know as Ludicrous mode your car goes? 1.9 seconds zero to 62.2 2.2 Which one's 1.9

The Roadster the next generation roadster? Um, okay, Standard Edition. Yeah,

I'm on top of this shit. That's the standard edition.

So it talks about the foreman package. What?

What performance package? The flex you need

to put rocket thrusters on it. For real? Yes.

What are they gonna burn?

Oh, think ultra high pressure. Compressed air. Well, just the old Cold gas thrusters.

Did you have to have air tanks or the sucking air? Okay.

Yeah, it's a electric pump. Well, pump it up like 10,000 psi.

And how fast are we talking? Zero to 60 How

fast you want to go?

I'm gonna go could make it just came why I want to go back in time. Cricket fly. You make it fly? Sure. Do you anticipate that as being mean? You're talking about the tunnels and then flying cars do you really think that's going to be real,

too noisy, and there's too much airflow. So the final issue with flying cars. If you get one of those like Toy Drones, think of how much? How loud those are and how much air that they how much air they blow. Now imagine if that's like 1000 times heavier. This is not going to be make your neighbors happy. Your neighbors are not going to be happy. If you land a flying car in your backyard. It'll be very helicopter. They're on your roof. They're just really going to be like what the data was annoying. You can't even like if you want to find cars just put some wheels on a helicopter.

Is there a way around that like would if they figure out some sort of magnetic technology like all those Bob Lazar type characters were thinking that was a part of the UFO technology they were doing at Area 51. Member, didn't they have some? Some thoughts about magnetics? Nope, no bullshit. Yes. Really? Yeah,

there's a fundamental momentum exchange with the air. So you must you must accelerate it there's there's like there's, there's a certain you have a mass and you have gravity, gravitational acceleration. And mass, mass times your mass times gravity must equal the mass of airflow times the acceleration of that airflow to have an neutral force. So it's it goes down, and then you want move. Okay, if mg is greater than mA, you will go down. And if m is greater than mg, you will go up. That's how it works. There's just no way around that there is definitely no way around it,

there's no way to create some sort of a magnetic something or another that allows you to,

technically, yes, you, you could have a strong enough magnet. But that magnet would be so strong, that you would create a lot of trouble would

just suck cars up into your car. Just pick up.

I mean, you'd have to repel off of either material on the ground, or in a really nasty situation of Earth's gravitational field, and somehow make that incredibly light. But that magnet would cause so much destruction, you'd be better off with a helicopter. So

if there was some sort of magnet Road, like you have two magnets, and they repel each other, if you had some sort of a magnet road that was below you, and you could travel on that magnet road. That would work.

Yes, yes. You could have a magnet road, a magnet road.

Is that too ridiculous?

No, it's work. So you can do that Nicholas to write I would not recommend it.

There's a lot of things I don't recommend or not recommend that.

Not good. Not wise, I think no roads? No. No, that? No, definitely not. Definitely, I was good, I would cause a lot of trouble.

So you put some time and consideration into this other than, you know, instead of like, my foolishly rendered thoughts, so you think that tunnels are the way to do it? Oh,

it'll work for sure. That'll work. Yes. And

your these, these tunnels that you're building right now, these are basically just like test versions of this ultimate idea that you have.

You know, it's just a hole in the ground, right?

We played videos of it, where you just drop that hole in the ground, there's a sled on it and the sled goes very fast, like 100 miles an hour plus, yeah, you

can go real fast, fast as you want. And then if you want to go long distances, you can just draw the air out of the tunnel. Make sure it's real straight

for the air of the tunnel,

yeah. So vacuum tunnel. Because the then and then depending on how fast you want to go, can you these wheels or you could use air bearings depending upon the ambient pressure in the tunnel, or you could maglev it if you want to go super fast.

So magnet road. Yes,

but underground magnet roads underground magnet otherwise you're going to really create a lot of trouble with because there's metal things. So

magnet rows the way to go just underground. If you want to go

really fast underground, you will be in a European maglev in a vacuum tunnel

mag in a vacuum tunnel magnetic

levitation in America tunnel insures fun with rocket launchers. Now I would not recommend putting any kind of exhaust gas in the tunnel.

Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. Right, you have to pump it out. And you probably have limited amount of air in the first place. Like how much can you breathe? Do you have to pump oxygen into these cubicles?

Pressurized pod to be like a like a little tiny underground spaceship basically.

Okay, airplane. Because you have a or an airplane. It's not getting new Aaron. It is.

It is yes. They have like a little hole. Yeah, they

have a pump. Really? Yeah, it

gets it from the outside.

Yes. Wow. I didn't know that. It's like

it's the air. Airplanes have have easy because essentially, you can, they're pretty leaky. But she's Yeah. So long as they as long as the air pump is working at a decent speed, they have backup pumps. So they're like, you know, three pumps or four pumps or something. And, and then that, then there's like there's an it exhausts through the outflow valve and and through whatever. Seals are not sealing quite right. Usually the door doesn't seal quite right on a plane. So there's a bit of leakage around the door. and that the pumps exceed the outflow rate. And then that sets the pressure in the in the cabin.

Now, have you ever looked at planes and gone? I can fix this? I just want to

make up a design for a plane,

you do a better design?

I mean, probably I think it is.

Have you talked to about this?

And I've talked to friends, friends, friends and family,

friends, girlfriends, and you can tell me what do you got? What's going on?

Well, I mean, the exciting thing to do would be some sort of electric, vertical takeoff and landing supersonic jet of some vertical

takeoff and landing me no need for a runway just shoot up straight on the air. And then how would you do that? When they do that, and some military aircrafts, correct, yes,

the trick is that you have you have to transition to level flight. And then you the thing that you would use for vertical takeoff or takeoff and landing is not suitable for high speed flight.

So you have two different systems

of thought about this quite a lot. Of interesting thing about an electric plane is that you want to go as high as possible, but you need a certain energy density and the battery pack. Because you have to overcome gravitational potential energy, once you've overcome gravitational potential energy and you're at at at a high altitude, the energy use in crews is very low. And then you can recapture a large part of your gravitational potential energy on the way down. So you really don't need any kind of reserve fuel, if you will, because you have the the energy of height, gravitation potential energy, this is a lot of energy. So so once you can get high you that, like, the way to think about a plane is it's a force balance to the force balance. So a plane that is not accelerating is a neutral force balance of the force of gravity. If the lift force with the wings, then you've got the force of the whatever thrusting device, the propeller, or turbine or whatever it is, and you've got the resistance force of the air. Now, the higher you go, the lower the air resistance is, air density drops exponentially, but drag increases with the square and exponential beats of square, the higher you go, the faster you will go for the same amount of energy. And at a certain altitude, you will you can go supersonic, with less energy per mile quite a lot less energy per mile, then an aircraft at 35,000 feet. Because it's just a force balance.

I'm too stupid for this conversation.

It makes sense though.

No, I'm sure it does. Now, when you think about this new idea of of designing, when when you have this idea about improving planes are you going to bring this somebody who just chuck Well, I have a lot on my plate, right. That's what I'm saying. I don't know. I don't know how you do what you do now. But if you keep coming up with these, but it's got to be hard to pawn these off on someone else either a cake, go do a job. Good job with this vertical takeoff and landing system that I want to implement to regular planes.

They're playing electric airplane isn't necessary right now. Electric cars are important. When energy is important, stationary storage of energy is important these things are much more important than creating electric supersonic feet tall. Also the plants naturally you really want that gravitational energy density for an aircraft and this is improving over time. So it's important that we accelerate the transition to sustainable energy. That's why electric cars matters whether electric cars happen sooner or later you know we're really playing a crazy game here with the atmosphere of the oceans we're taking vast amounts of carbon from deep underground and putting this putting this in the in the in the atmosphere was was crazy. should not do this. It's very dangerous. So we should we should we should accelerate the transition to sustainable energy. I mean, the bizarre thing is that obviously we're going to run out of oil in long term. You know, we're gonna there's only so much oil we can we can mine it burn. That's tautological we must have have sustained sustainable energy transport and energy infrastructure in the long term. So we know that's the endpoint. We know that. So why run this crazy experiment? Where we take trillions of tons of carbon from underground and put it in the atmosphere and oceans? This is insane experiment. It's the dumbest experiment in in human history. Why are we doing this? Crazy?

Do you think this is a product of momentum that we started off doing this when it was just a few engines? A few 100 million gallons of fuel over the whole world, not that big of a deal. And then slowly but surely over a century, it got out of control. And now it it's not just our fuel, but it's also mean. Fossil fuels, you're involved in so many different electronics, so many different items that people buy? It's just this constant desire for fossil fuels constant need for oil. without consideration of the sustainability,

the thing is like oil, oil, coal, gas was the easy money. Right? It's easy money. So have

you heard about clean coal? The person has been tweeting about it's got to be real, clean coal, all caps, do you see used all caps?

Clean Coal? Well, you know, it's very difficult to put that co2 Back in the ground. It doesn't like being in solid form of energy

like that, like some sort of a filter, giant building sized filter sucks carbon out of the atmosphere.

No, no, it doesn't possible. No, nope, no, nope, definitely not fucked. No, we're not fucked.

I mean, this is a quite a complex question, right? You know, we're really just when the more carbon we take out of the ground and add to the atmosphere, and a lot of it gets permeated into the oceans, the more dangerous it is, like, I don't think right now, I think we're okay, right. Now, we can probably even add some more. But the momentum towards sustainable energy is too slow. Like that. There's a vast base of industry, vast transportation system like this, this two and a half billion cars and trucks in the world. So and the new car and truck production, if it was 100%, electric, that's only about 100 million per year. So it would take if you could snap your fingers, and it's instantly turn all all cars and trucks electric, it would still take 25 years to change the transport base to electric. Makes sense? Because how long does it truck a car truck lasts before it goes into the junkyard and gets crushed about 20 to 25 years.

Is there a way to accelerate that process? Like some sort of subsidies or some encouragement from the government financially?

Well, the thing that is going on right now is that there's an inherent subsidy in any oil burning device, any any power plant or car is fundamentally consuming the carbon capacity of the oceans and atmosphere or just say atmosphere for short. So you can say okay, there's a certain probability of something bad happening past a certain carbon concentration in the atmosphere. And so there's some uncertain number where if we put too much carbon in the atmosphere, things overheat. Oceans warm up, ice caps melt ocean real estate becomes a lot less valuable things underwater. And but it's not clear what that number is, but it's definitely not scientists at all. It's really quite the scientists scientific consensus is overwhelming. Overwhelming I mean, I don't know any serious scientists actually zero literally zero who don't think that you know that but we're have quite a serious climate risk that we're facing. And so that's fundamentally a subsidy occurring with every fossil fuel burning thing power plants. Aircraft, car, frankly, even rockets. I mean, rockets use a, you know, they burn, they burn fuel. But there's just, you know, with rockets, there's just no other way to get to orbit unfortunately. So it's the only way but with cars, there's definitely a better way with electric cars. And to generate the energy do so with photovoltaics. Because we've got a giant thermonuclear reactor in the sky called the sun. It's great sort of shows up every day, very reliable. So if you can generate energy from solar panels stored with batteries, you can have energy 24 hours a day. And then you can consent to the poles ordinate near to the north, with high voltage lines. Also, the North northern northern parts of the world tend to have a lot of hydropower as well. By the way, all fossil fuel powered things have an inherent subsidy, which is their consumption of the carbon capacity of the atmosphere, and oceans. So people tend to think like, Why Why should electric vehicles have a subsidy, but they're not taking into account that all fossil fuel burning vehicles, fundamentally, is subsidized by the cost, the environmental cost to Earth? But nobody's paying for it. We are going to pay for it. Obviously, in the future, we will pay for it. It's just not paid for now.

What is the bottleneck? In regards to electric cars and trucks and things like that? Is it battery capacity?

Yeah, got to scale up production. Got to make the car compelling. Make it better than gasoline or

diesel cars make it more efficient in terms of like the distance it can travel? You're gonna

be able to go far, far enough. Recharge fast

and you're roadster? You're you're anticipating 600 miles, is that correct?

Yeah, yeah. When was was 600 miles

that right now, like if you driven one 600 miles now? No, we could

totally make one right now. That would be 600 miles, but the thing is too expensive. So it's like the cars but it's more so? Well, you know, just have a 200 kilowatt hour battery pack and you can go 600

miles. What do you have now?

330 mile range. But that's

a 30 mile range. What does that in terms of kilowatts?

Well, that would be for Model S 100 kilowatt hour pack. We'll do about 330 miles, maybe 335. Or some people have hyper mild to 500 miles hyper mild,

it would just like go on 45 miles an hour or something. Yeah,

like 30 miles an hour. So it's like an unlevel ground with a pump the tires up really well. I'm gonna smooth surface and then you can go for a long time. But like, definitely constantly do 300 Miles is there. So it's fine for most people? Usually 200 or 250 Miles is fine. threader Miles is huge. Don't even think about it. Really?

Is there any possibility that you could use solar power that solar powered one day, especially in Los Angeles? I mean, as you said about that giant nuclear reactor a million times bigger than earth just floating in the sky? Is it possible that one day, you'll be able to just power all these cars? Just on solar power? I mean, we don't ever have cloudy days, if we do this three of them?

Well, the surface area of a car is without making the car like really blocky or having some like a G Wagen. Yeah, like, and just like, if I look a lot of stuff, sir. Where like maybe like solar panels fold out or something like your E Class. That's

what we needed. The E type. Yeah, that the Jaguar e type, with a giant long hood, that could be a giant solar panel.

What beginning of Tesla didn't want to have this like unfolding solar panel thing? They'd press a button and it would just like unfold the solar panels and like charge, recharge your car in the parking lot? Ah, yeah, we could do that. But I think it's probably better to just put that on your roof. Right? And then it's going to be facing the sun all the time. Because otherwise your car could be in the shade, you know, could be in the shade. It could be in a garage that didn't

have Fisker have that on the roof. The Fisker Karma. New generation for Earth. I believe it was only for the the radio. Is that correct? Yeah.

I mean, I think it could like recharge like two miles a day or did

you laugh when they started blowing up when they get hit with water? Do you remember what happened? They got the Yeah, the wind they had a dealership or Oh yeah. Fisker Karma is were parked. Is

that like that with a flood in Jersey? Yes,

yes. When the hurricane came in, they got overwhelmed with water and they all started exploding this fucking great video of it. Did you watch the video? I

didn't watch the video but I did see a picture of the movie naked

lubed up watch the video laugh my ass off. They all blow up. They got wet and they blew up that's not good. Yeah,

we made our battery waterproof. So that doesn't happen smart. Yeah, there was a guy in Kazakhstan that I think it was Kazakhstan, that he, he just voted through a tunnel under an underwater tunnel that could flooded tunnel and just turn the wheels to steer and press the accelerator. And it just floated through the tunnel and he smiled steered around the other cars. You're like,

that's amazing. It's

on the internet.

What happens if your car gets a little sideways? Like if you're driving in snow? Like what if you're driving, if your autopilot is on and you're in like Denver, and it snows out, and your car gets a little sideways? Does it correct itself?

Oh, yeah, we're good. It's got great tire traction control.

But does it know how to like Correct. Do you know how like, Oh, yeah. And you know how to counter steer?

Oh, yeah. No, it's really good. It knows how to do it. Yeah. Wow. It's pretty crazy.

That's pretty crazy. Yeah. So like, if you're going sideways, he knows how to correct itself.

Generally won't go sideways. He won't know why not. It will correct itself before it goes sideways. Even in black eyes. Yeah, this video is we could see the car. The

track alone. Traction

Control System is very good. It makes me feel like Superman. It's great. Like, feel like you're gonna like, it'll make you feel like this incredible driver.

I believe it. Yeah. Now how do you program? Well, we

do our testing on like an ice lake in Sweden. Oh, really? Yeah. And like Norway, and Canada and a few other places. Porsche does

a lot of that too, as well, they do a lot of their they do some of their driver training school on these frozen surfaces. So you're just you're the car is going sideways, whether you like it or not. And you have to learn how to slide into corners and how to adjust.

But well, electric cars have really great traction control because the reaction time is so fast, right? So with a gasoline car, you've got a lot of latency takes a while for the the engine to react and for the but for electric electric motors incredibly precise. That's why like you imagine like, like, if you had like a printer or something, you would only you wouldn't have a gasoline engine printer, that would be pretty weird. Or like a surgical device, it's going to be an electric motor, on the surgical device on the printer. Gasoline engines going to be just chugging away, you're not going to have the reaction time. But to an electric motor, it's operating at the most second level. So it can turn on Track on and off traction. Within like inches of getting on the honest like let's say drive a patch of ice, it'll turn traction off, and then turn it on a couple inches right after the ice. Like a little patch of ice. Because in the frame of the electric motor, you're moving incredibly slowly. You're like a snake. You're a snail. You're just moving so slowly. Because it's it can see at 1000 frames a second. So it's like say One Mississippi, it just thought about things 1000 times.

So it's realized that your wheels are not getting traction. It understands there's some slippery surface that you're driving on. Yes. And it makes adjustments in real time.

Yes. And milliseconds.

There was it'd be so much safer than a regular car. Yes. It is just that alone for loved ones. You'd want them to be driving your car. Yes, they're on board. Fuck regular motors

that the S x and three R have the lowest probability of injury of any cars ever tested by the US government? Wow. says yeah, but it's pretty fun. It's pretty crazy. Like we, you know, people still sue us. Like, they'll have like some accident at 60 miles an hour, where they'd like twisted an ankle, and they slipped, they like, there'll be dead in another car. They still sue us.

But that's to be expected. That's to be expected. Do you take that into account with like the same sort of fatalistic? And you know, undertones just sort of just go. You got to let it go. This is what people do. tell

you, I've got to admit it is quite a lot of respect for the justice system. Judges are very smart. And they see they like I haven't. So far I found judges to be very good at justice. Because I like like, what, like, and juries are good, too. Like they're actually quite good. You know, people you know, you read about like occasional errors in the justice system. Let me tell you most of the time, they're very good. And like the, the other guy mentioned that, who fell asleep in the car and he he wrote over a cyclist and you know, and that was what encouraged me to get autopilot. Get out as soon as possible. That guy sued us.

He sued you for falling asleep. Yes, he. I'm

not gonna he blamed it on the new car smell.

What? Yes,

he blamed him falling asleep on your new car smell. There's someone who's this is a real thing that happened was is a lawyer that thought that threw in front of his laptop before he wrote that up.

Yes, he got a lawyer. And he sued us. And the judge was like, You're This is crazy. Stop bothering me. No,

thank God. Yes. Thank God. Thank God. There's a judge out there with a brain.

Tell you judges or judges are very good.

Some of them. What about that justice? A lot of boys up up the river in Pennsylvania who was selling those kids out? Know about that story? No. Judge was selling young boys to prisons. He was like literally Yeah, literally under bribes for he was

Was this an elected judge? Or he's like somebody that you have a judge that's like

actually a politician? No, he was elected judge. This is a very famous story, who he's in jail right now, I think for the rest of his life. And he put away he would take like a young boy would do something like steal something from a store. And he would put them in detention for you know, five years, something were ridiculously egregious. And they investigated this history. And they found out that he was literally being paid off. Was it by private prisons? Is that what the the deal was? There was some sort of, but anyway, this judges to judges

who judges kids for cash scandal is what it's called. Designate. Yeah. Common Pleas judges. So I think they are elected

and who was paying them? Oh. Someone, it was proven to the point where they're in jail now that someone was paying them to put more asses in the seats in these private prisons, million dollar payment to put them in the youth centers builder, a million dollar payment. I

do think it's this private prisons thing is creating a bad incentive. Right. Yes. But I mean, that judges in prison, thank God. Yes. But for people who think perhaps the justice system consists entirely of judges like that, I want to assure you, this is not the case. The vast majority of judges are very good. I agree. And they care about justice. And they could have made a lot more money if they wanted to be a trial lawyer. And instead, they cared about justice, and they made less money because they care about justice. And that's why they're judges. I feel

that same way about police officers. I feel like there's so many interactions with so many different people with police officers, that the very few that stand out that are horrific. We tend to look at that, like this is evidence that police are all corrupt. And that I think that's crazy.

No, most most police are very honest. Yes. And, and, like military evidence, military personnel that I know, very honorable ethical people. Yeah. And much more admirable, ethical than the average person. That's my impression. That's my impression as well. But and that's not to suggest that we we be complacent and assume everyone's honest and ethical. And obviously, if somebody is, is given a, a trusted place in society, such as being a police officer or a judge and they are corrupted, then we must be extra vigilant against such situations and take action. But but we should not think that this is somehow broadly descriptive of people in that profession.

I couldn't agree more. I think there's also an issue with one of the things that happens with police officers, prosecutors, and anyone that's trying to convict someone or arrest someone is that it becomes a game. And then games people want to win. Yeah, sometimes people

cheat. Yes. Yes, I mean, if you're a prosecutor shoot, you should not always want to win. There are times when you should like, Okay, I just did not want to win this case, and then just pass on that case. Sometimes people wonder when too much that is true. I think also the cup becomes tough. If you're, if you're like a district attorney, you know, you tend to sort of see a lot of criminals, and then your, your view of the world can get negatively, you know, have a negative, you know, have a negative view of the world because you're just interacting with a lot of criminals. But actually most of society is not consist of criminals, right? And I actually had this conversation at dinner several years ago with the district attorney, I was like, man must sometimes seem pretty, pretty dark, because, you know, man, there's some there's some terrible human beings out there. And he was like, yep. And he was like dealing with some case, which consisted of a couple of old ladies that would run people over somehow for insurance money. It was rough. Like wow, that's that's pretty rough. As like, it's like hard to maintain faith in humanity. If you're district attorney but but you know, it's only a few percent of society that are actually bad. And then if you go to the worst, say, point 1% of society, or the worst one and 1001 and a million, you know, like, how bad is the millionth worst person in the United States are too damn bad? Like, damn evil like, the, the millions, like the millionth one and a million of evil is so evil people cannot even conceive of it. But there's 330 million people in the United States. So that's 330 people out there somewhere. But by the same token, there's also three or three people who are incredible angels and unbelievably good human beings. Yeah, on the other side,

but because of our fear of danger, we tend to our thoughts tend to gravitate towards the worst case scenario, yes. And we want to frame that. And that's one of the real problems with prejudice that we want, whether it's prejudice towards different minorities, or prejudice towards police officers or anything. Like we want to look at the worst case scenario and say, This is an example of what this is all about. And you see that, even with people how they frame genders with some some men frame, women like that, they get ripped off by a few women, and they said, All women are evil. Some women get fucked over by a few men, all men are shit. And in this, this is very toxic. And it's also it's a very unbalanced way of viewing the world. And it's very emotionally based. And it's based on your own experience, your own anecdotal experience. And it can, it can be very influential to the people around you. And it's just, it's a dangerous way. It's a dangerous thought process and pattern to promote it is,

it is a very dangerous pattern. I really think, you know, people should give other people the benefit of the doubt, and assume that they're good until proven otherwise. And I think, really, most people are actually pretty good people. Nobody's perfect. You

have to be if you think the vast numbers of us that are just interacting with each other with each other constantly. Yeah, we have to be better than we think we are. Yeah, no way. Like there's no other way.

I mean, here are these weapons like but how many times like nobody's presumably tried to murder you and you're able to yeah, yes. Nobody's like, what's right, they're

fake flame thrower. Here's a flame thrower. Now we've got a real problem. I'm gonna put it on that side, too. I'm gonna leave it for the guests. Yeah, I'm gonna like, Look, man, if I say something that fucked up, it's right there. to liven

things up for sure. Guarantees make any party better.

Yeah. Well, that's I mean, that's the armed civilization theory. Right. The armed community is safe and polite community. Yeah, Texas. It's kind of true.

Yeah, I mean, people

in Texas are super polite, and everyone's gonna go

don't make somebody angry. Ya know, don't know what's gonna happen. Yeah, it's

not a good mood. Yeah, piss people off and everybody can have a gun. Yeah. Just let that guy get in your lane. Yeah.

Yeah. You know, we got a big test site in Central Texas near Waco. Beautiful. Yeah. SpaceX in McGregor. About 15 minutes. We're from Waco.

That's close to where Ted Nugent lives to Ted Nugent. Okay,

cool. Yeah. Yeah, they're, you know, we have like, lots of fire and loud explosions and things and people that they're cool with it. I

don't give a fuck out there. They're very supportive. Yeah, that you can buy fireworks when your kids go to school?

Yeah, it's, you know, it's dangerous. Yeah.

But it's free. It's free. There's something about this. That's very enticing because of that. It is dangerous. But it's also free, right? Yeah. Yeah.

I kind of like Texas. Well, I

prefer it over places that are more restrictive, but more liberal. Because you could always be liberal, like, just because things are free. And just because you have a certain amount of you know, right wing type characters. It doesn't mean you have to be that way. No, and honestly, there's a lot of those people that are pretty fucking open minded and let you do whatever you want to do. Right. And you don't bother them.

Yeah, exactly. That's my

hope right now with the way we're able to communicate with each other today. And how radically different it is than generations past is that we all just the dust settles, and we all realize like, like what you're saying that most people are good. Most people aren't good. The vast majority. Yes.

I think you should give people the benefit of the doubt for sure.

I think you're right. Yeah. You don't get help that what mushrooms they're delicious. Yeah, right. Yeah. They're good for you too. Yeah. All of them. All kinds of what do you see in terms of like when you think about the future of your company? Nice. What do you see is like bottlenecks? What's more? Sure. Like? What do you see in terms of like bottlenecks of things that are that are holding back innovation? Is it regulatory commissions and people that don't understand the technology that are influencing policy? Like what what could potentially be holding you guys back right now? Is there anything that you would change? Yeah,

that's a good question. You know, I wish I wish politicians were better at science, that would help a lot.

That's a problem. Yes, there's no incentive for them to be good at science. There isn't.

Actually, you know, they're they're pretty good at science and China, I have to say, yeah, the mayor of Beijing is, I believe, an environmental engineering degree. And the deputy mayor has a physics degree and met them. And the mayor says Shanghai is really smart. And you're

up on technology. What do you think about this government policy of stopping use of Huawei phones? And there's there's something about the the worry about spying is, I mean, from what I understand from real tech people, they think it's horseshit.

Oh, I like phone. No, I don't know.

Like the government said, don't buy Huawei phones. Does that day you up on that roll now? Should we just plan on this idea? Well, I

think like I guess if you're if you're, if you have like, top secret stuff, then you want to be pretty careful about what hardware you use. But you know, like, most people do not have top secret stuff, right? Like nobody really cares what porn you watch. It's like, nobody actually cares. You know? So if

they do, that's kind of on them. Limits just

like, like National spy agencies do not care Trump do not give a rat's ass. What porn you watch. They do not care. So like, what secrets does a national spy agency have to learn from the average citizen? Nothing? Well, that's

the argument against the narrative. And the argument by a lot of these tech people is that the real concern is that these companies like Huawei, are innovating at a radical pace. And they're trying to stop them from integrating into our culture and letting this ride right now they're the number two cell phone manufacturer in the world. Okay, Samsung is number one, Huawei is number two, Apple is now number three, they surpassed Apple's number two. And the idea is that this is all taking place without them having any foothold whatsoever in America. There are no, there's no carriers that have their phones, you have to buy their phones unlocked through some sort of a third party and then put okay. So and the worry is, you know, that these are somehow or another controlled by the Chinese government, that Communist Chinese government is going to distribute these phones. And I don't know if it's the worries, economic influence, that they'll have too much power. I don't know what it is. Are you? Are you paying attention on any of this?

Not really, you know, I don't think we should worry too much about Huawei phones. You know, maybe, you know, our national security agencies shouldn't have how well Huawei phones maybe that's a question mark. But I think for the average citizen is doesn't matter. Doesn't just like no, they're not pretty sure the Chinese government does not care about the goings on of the average American citizen.

Is that Is there a time where you think that there will be no security will be impossible to hold back information that whatever bottleneck will will let go, we're going to we're going to give in the whatever bottleneck between privacy and ultimate innovation will have to be bridged in order for us to achieve the next level of technological proficiency that we're just gonna abandon it. And there'll be no no security, no privacy.

Do people want privacy because they seem to put everything on the internet. Well, right

now, you're confused. But when you talk about your neural link and this this idea that one day, we are going to be able to share information and we're going to be some sort of a thing that symbiotically create symbiotically Connect. Yeah.

I think we really need to worry about security and that situation and why Sure. That's like a security repairment

Sure. Yeah. But also we will be is will be so much different lark, our concerns, about money, about status about well, all these things will seemingly go by the wayside if we really become enlightened, if we really become artificially enlightened by some sort of an AI interface, where we have this symbiotic relationship with some new internet type connection to information But you know, what happens then? What? What is important? What is not important? Is privacy important when we're all gods.

I mean, I think the things that we think are important keep private right now, right? We probably will not think or

write information. Right? What do you what do you hide emotions? What do we hide?

I mean, I think like, I don't know, maybe it's like embarrassing stuff, right?

embarrassing stuff. But there's

actually like, I think people there's like not that much. That's kept private, that people that is actually irrelevant, right, that people would other people actually care about. And we think other people care about it, but they don't really care about it. And certainly governments don't. Well, some people

care about it. But then it gets weird when you when it gets exposed, like Jennifer Lawrence, when those naked pictures of her got exposed. Like I think in some ways, people liked her more than they realize, like, she's just a person that just a girl who likes sex and is just alive and has a boyfriend and sends a messages. And now you get to look into it. And you probably shouldn't have let somebody let it go. And they put it online. And all right.

She seems to be doing okay, he's a

person. She's just you and me. And same thing. She's just in some weird place where she's on a 35 foot tall screen with music playing every time she talks.

Yeah, I mean, I'm sure she's she's like, not not happy about it. But she's she's, but she's fairly doing fine.

But once this interface is fully realized, where we really do become something far more powerful in terms of our cognitive ability or ability to understand irrational thoughts and mitigate them. And that we're all connected in some sort of an insane way. What I mean, how, what are our thoughts on wealth, our thoughts on social status, like how many of those just evaporate, and our need for privacy? Maybe our need for privacy will be the ultimate bottleneck that we'll have to subsidize, that we'll have to surpass.

I think the things that we think are important now will probably not be important in the future, but there will be things that are important.

What was immoral for things.

That only might be some war of ideas. Potentially. I don't think Darwin's going away. Right, though is going to be there

will be there forever. Forever. Yeah.

It would just be a different a different arena. The arena, the digital arena, different arena. Darwin is not going away.

What keeps you up at night?

was quite hard to run companies. Yeah. Especially car companies. How do they it's quite challenging. The car

business is the hardest one of all the things you do. Yes, because it's a consumer oriented business as opposed to like SpaceX and

not that SpaceX and SpaceX is no walk in the park. But but a car company, it's very difficult to keep a car company alive. It's very difficult. You know, there's only two car companies in the history of American car companies that haven't gone bankrupt. And that's Ford. And Tesla. That's it.

Yeah, Ford rode out that crazy storm, huh? They're the only one I just gave you their teeth. Shout out to the Mustang. Yeah, by the skin of their teeth. That is interesting. Right.

Same with Tesla. We barely survived how close you get to folding. Very close we are 2000 is not a good time to be a car company, especially a startup company and especially an electric car company. I was like stupidity squared. And

this is when you had those cool Roadsters with the t top with a target top. Yeah,

we had like he was a highly modified Elise chassis, the body was completely different. By the way I was really super dumb strategy that we actually did was very dumb. It was based on two false premises. One false premise was that we'd be able to cheaply convert the Lotus Elise and use that as a car platform and that we will be able to use technology from this little company called AC Propulsion. For the electric drivetrain, the battery is AC Propulsion technology did not work in production. And we ended up using none of it longterm. None of it. We had to redesign everything. And then the once you add a battery pack, an electric motor to the car it got heavier, 30% heavier invalidated the entire structure or the crash structure, everything had to be redone. Nothing like that. I think it had less than 7% of the parts were common with any other device, including cars or anything.

Less than 7%. Yes, everything, including tires and wheels, bolts.

Brakes. Yeah, even everyone will see the steering wheel was. I think the steering wheel was almost the same. Yes, the windscreen went windscreen? No, I think the windscreen is the same. Yes, I

think I think we were able to keep the last 7%. So that's basically every body

panel was different. The entire structure was different. The we couldn't use the H like the H vac system. The view of the air conditioner was a belt driven air conditioner off of now we needed something that was electrically driven. We need a new AC compressor.

And all that takes away from the battery life as well. Right? Yeah,

we needed a small highly efficient air conditioning system that fit in a tiny car and was electrically powered, not belt driven. It's very difficult.

How much of those were those cars? The Roadster?

I think it was about 2700 pounds, I still vary depending on which version 2650 to 2027 50 pounds, something like that.

And what was the weight distribution?

It was about 50 Well, there were different versions of the car. So is about 55 on the rear. It was were bias.

Right but not bad. Like considering like a 911, which is like one of the most popular sports cards of all time. Heavy rear end bias. Well,

I mean, yeah, the 911 like the joke is like the ministered despite Newton not being on their side. Yeah, if you're fighting Newton, it's very difficult. Well, it's like you've got this the moment of inertia on a 911. It doesn't make any sense.

They do once you understand them. Once you understood

don't want to hang the engine off the gas, this is not a wise move.

You don't want to lead up on the gas when you're in a corner. You

the problem with with with a with with something that's where the engine is mounted over the rear axle or off the rear axle towards the rear, is that you pull a moment of inertia is fundamentally screwed. You cannot solve this. It's unsolvable. You're screwed, pull them over and nursery's. You're screwed.

Right. Like essentially, if

you spawn the car like a top that's your polymer would have inertia. You're just I probably wouldn't swear this show, by the way. Really? Who was my friend?

Tell that friend to go fuck himself? Who told you not to swear? All right. Good friend. Yes. Realize your fucking Elon Musk could do whatever you want, man. If you ever get confused call me.

Elsewhere the private square up a storm just say frickin

it's fun way there's like old house moms. Wives share it. They have children. Yes. Frickin thing. Yeah.

But anyway, like like the Porsche. It's kind of incredible how well Porsche handles given that it's the physics Yes, moments of inertia are so messed up. To actually still make it work well is incredible.

Well, if you know how to turn into the corner, and once you get used to the feeling of it, there's actual benefits to it. You know, there are some benefits.

I enjoy. I the car I had before. Tesla was at 911. Okay,

that was 997 or 697. Yeah, yeah. Great car, man. Yeah,

I mean, particularly with the Porsche Turbo when they had the variable veins. Turbo and you didn't have the turbo lag? That was great. Yeah, I was really great. The turbo lag was, is like, you know, you floor it. Like phone home. Call your mom, the older woman. About an hour later the car accelerates.

And super dangerous, too. Because in the real world start spinning. Yeah. Yeah. There's something fun about it, though, like feeling that rear weight kicking around? You know, and again, it's quite efficient.

I could feel to it. Yeah,

I agree. But that's, that's what I was talking about earlier about that little card that I have in 93 911. It's just, there's, it's not fast. It's not it's not the best handling car. But it's more satisfying than any other car I have. Because it's so mechanical. It's like everything about it like crackles and bumps. And it gives you all this feedback. And I take it to the Comedy Store because when I get there, I feel like my brain is just popping and it's on fire. It's like a strategy for me now that I really stopped driving other cars there. I drive that car there just for the Brain Juice. Just for the the inner, the interaction.

I mean, you should try. Model S P 100. D I'll blow your mind. Your skull. Okay, yeah.

Tell me what to order.

I'll order Model S P 100 D Okay, Jamie, Tesla's car that I drive. Okay. Okay, I'll

get with the car you drive. Okay.

It will blow your mind.

I believe you How can I drive?

300 miles? That's good.

For la regular days,

you will never notice the battery.

Never Never. How hard is it to get like one of them crazy plugs installed in your house. That difficult now

it's super easy. It's like, yeah, it's like a dryer plug. It's like a dryer outlet?

Didn't you come up with some crazy tiles for your roof that are solar paneled?

Yeah, yeah, we're have it on my roof right now actually just trying it out. That's the thing, it's, it takes a while to test roof stuff, because roofs have to last a long time. So like you want your leaf roof to last, like 30 years for a regular roof. Now so there's two versions, there's like the solar panels you put on a roof. So like depending on whether your roofs new or old. So if your roofs new, you don't want to replace the roof, you want to put like solar panels on the roof. Right. So that's like retrofit, you know, and then we're trying to make the retrofit panels a grill nice. And then But then the the new product we're coming out with is if you if you have a roof, that's either you're building a house, or you're gonna replace your roof anyway, then you make the site the tiles, so have solar solar cells embedded in the tiles. And then it's quite a tricky thing, because you want to not see the solar cell behind the glass tile. So you have to really work with the, the glass and the various coatings and layers so that you don't see the solar cell behind the glass. Otherwise it doesn't look right. Right. So it's really tricky. There

is Jamie put it up there. Yeah, that looks good. So you

see, like, if you look closely, you can see if you zoom in, right, you can see the you can see the cell. But if you zoom out, you don't see the cell,

right. Well, it looks cool, though. Like that's, that's hard. It's really hard,

because you have to have sunlight go through. Right. But when when that's when it gets reflected back out. It doesn't it. It hides the fact that there's a cell there

now are those available to the consumer right now? Well, we

have I think those on that roof right there. Yes. That's amazing. Oh, that looks good. Yeah. I liked that one as

hard. Oh, so you get that kind of fake Spanish looking thing?

I like That's French late.

That's why people in Connecticut smoking pipes. Look at that one. Yeah. That's badass, dude.

So this will actually work.

I believe you. So the the solar panels that are on that house that we just looked at? Is that sufficient to power the entire home?

It depends on your energy on how pressure? Yeah, so? Generally, yes, I would say it's probably for most, it's gonna vary, but anywhere from more than you need to maybe half like half to 1.5 of the energy that you need. Depending on how much roof you have relative to living space

and how ridiculous you are with the TV.

TVs, no problem air conditioning, air conditioning, air conditioning is the is the problem. If you have an efficient air conditioner, and you don't, and depending on how, like, are you air conditioning rooms when they don't need to be air conditioned, which is very common, because pain in the neck? You know, it's like programming your VCR. It's like, right now it's just a blinking 12. So people just like hell with that. I'm just gonna make it this temperature all day long.

Right? I don't have a smart home where if you're in the room that it stays cool, right?

Yeah, it should predict when you're going to be home. And then cool the room, the rooms that you're likely to use. With a little bit of intelligence. We're not talking about like, genius home here. We're just talking like elementary basic stuff. You know, like, if you could hook that into the car, like new as you're coming home, like there's no point in cooling the home and keeping the home really cool when you're not there. Right. But I can tell you're coming home, it's gonna cool it to the right temperature. Right. We have an

app there that works with your solar panels or anything like that.

Yeah, yeah, we do. And we need to hook it into the air conditioning to really make the air conditioning work.

Have you thought about creating an air conditioning system? I know you have. Trick question.

Questions about future potential? Okay.

Let's just let it go. We'll move on to the next thing.

That would be an interesting idea. Sure. Yeah, I

would say radiant heating, all that. Good ideas. Now when you when you think about the efficiency of these homes and you think about implementing solar power and battery power and is there anything else that people are missing? Is there any other like? I just saw a smartwatch that is powered by the heat of the human body and some new technology He is able to fully power that way. I don't know if it's fully or if it's like this watch right here. This is a Casio. It's called a pro tech, and it's in like an outdoors watch and solar powered. Okay. And so it has the ability to operate for a certain amount of time on solar. Yeah. So if you have it exposed, it could function for a certain amount of time on solar. Yeah. Well, you know,

like, there's this health waiting watches where it's just got a weight in the watch. And as you move your wrist, the weight moves from one side to the other, and it winds the watch up. That's a pretty cool thing.

Yeah, yeah. It's amazing that like Rolex is that it's all done mechanically. There's no batteries in there. There's no nothing. Yeah, you

could do the same thing, create a little charger that's based on wrist movement. That really depends on how much energy your Watch uses.

You know, what's fucked up about that though, we accept a certain amount of, like, fuckery with those watches, like I brought my watch. I have a Rolex that my friend Lorenzo gave me and I brought it to the watch store. And I said, this thing's always fast. I said, it's always like, after a couple months, it's like five minutes fast. And they go, yep. They go. Yeah, really, it's just what it does. Hold on. I go. So you telling me that it just is always going to be fast these like, yeah, it's just like, every few months, you gotta like reset, it seems like they should recalibrate that thing. They can't they tried. They see every few months, whether it's four months, or five months or six months, it's going to be a couple of minutes fast.

Okay, it seems like they should really recalibrate that because if it's always fast, you know, delete those minutes,

you need to fucking kick down the door at Rolex. And go you bitches are lazy.

It's kind of amazing that you can keep playing mechanically on a wristwatch with these tiny little gears. It's amazing.

Yeah, I mean, the whole luxury watch market is fascinating. I I'm not that involved in terms like I don't buy them. I bought them as gifts. I don't buy them for myself. But when I look at them online with his million dollar watches out there now that are like, they have like little rotating moons and stars and they live look at this thing. How much is that one J? These are fucking preposterous. I like yours. I love them.

I think there's beautiful.

But there's some of these people that are just taking it right in the ass. They're buying these watches for like $750,000 Mike. Yeah, that's a time Exxon. Nobody knows. It's not any better than some Casio that you could just buy on. Like, look at that, though. Well, here's the thing. If you're a person that doesn't just want to know the time, you want craftsmanship, you want some artisans touch. You want innovation in terms of like a person figuring out how gears and cogs all line up perfectly to every time it turns over. It's basically a second. I mean, that's just there's this art to that. That's great. It's not just telling time. Hey, I liked this watch a lot. But if it got hit by a rock, I wouldn't be sad. Yeah, it's just a watch. It's a mass produced thing that runs on some quartz battery. But those things? That's there's art. Yeah, no, I

agree. It's beautiful. Yeah, yeah. Love it. Yeah.

There's something. There's something amazing about it. It's a because it represents the human creativity. It's not just it's not just a electronic innovation. There's something this is a person's work in that. Yes. You don't have a watch on.

Now, ever. I used to have a watch what happened? My iPhone tells the time. So

point. But if you lose your phone, do you wait, hold on? Sure. Let me guess. You are a no case guy. That's

correct. Oh, living on the edge. We're going to the edge with Tyson

and Neil deGrasse. Tyson was in here last week. I marveled at his ability to get through life without a case. Right? You know, he takes his phone and he flips it in between his fingers. Like, like, like a soldier would do it his rifle. Right? He has rolls that shed in between his fingers. Okay. Marvelous. Wow. He says that's the reason why they do it. He said, when you look at someone who has a rifle. Why would they do that? Why would they flip it around like that? Right? So that when it goes to drop, they have it in their hand. They catch it quickly. Does with his phone. He's just flipping his phone around all the time. I got that in Mexico. I was hoping it holds joints.

Does it do anything? It seems to open it just as a whole. It's the whole storage storage isn't there? But like,

try to put a joint in there. Close it. You put like one, one blunt. One, but seems pretentious. You know, that's the idea behind it. I bought it when I was in Mexico because I figured it'd be a good size to hold joints or not

So is that a joint? Or is it a cigar?

Yes, no? Okay. It's, um, marijuana in tobacco. Okay,

so it's like plush plot. Tobacco has never had that. Yeah, I think I tried one once. Come on man.

Probably can't because stockholders right?

I mean, it's legal, right? It's totally legal. Okay.

How does it work? Do people get upset at you if you do certain things? backhoe and marijuana in there? That's all it is. The combination of tobacco and marijuana is wonderful. First turned on to it by Charlie Murphy and then reignited by Dave Chappelle eight plus whiskey. exactly perfect. balances it out.

alcohol, alcohol is a drug it's been grandfathered in.

Well, it's not just a drug. It's a drug that gets a bad rap. Because you just have a little it's great. Fine. Yeah, a little sip here and there. And just your inhibitions are relaxed, and it shows your true self and hopefully you're more joyous and friendly and happy and, and everything's good. The real worry is the people that can't handle it, like the real worry about people can't handle cars and goes zero to 60 in 1.9 seconds or anything. Have you ever considered something that like imagine if one day everyone has a car that's on the same, at least technological standard is one of your cars. And everyone agrees that the smart thing to do is not just to have bumpers, but to perhaps have some sort of a magnetic repellent device? Something some electro magnetic field around the cars that as cars come close to each other, they automatically radically decelerate because of magnets or something?

Well, I mean, of course, brake automatically brake. Yeah,

yeah. When they see things, yes. But look, a physical barrier, like?

Well, the wheels work pretty well, its wheels, pretty well decelerated. As, you know, 1.1 to 1.2 G's, that kind of thing.

Is your concern that one day all your cars will be on the road? And then they'll still be regular people with regular cars 2030 years from now, that'll get in the mix and be the main problem.

Yeah, I think it'd be sort of like, it was a time of transition where there were horses, and gasoline cars in the road at the same time. It's been pretty weird.

Ah, that'd be the weirdness. Yeah.

I had horses were tricky, you know, back in Manhattan had like 300,000 horses. If you're gonna like, flow horse lives, 15 years, got 20,000 horses but dropping dead every day. Or every year, I should say every year 20,000 Horses if there's 3000 horses and 15 year lifespan.

Back in the gangs in New York days. That movie? Yeah. Yeah. A lot of dead horses. And

then you need a horse to move the horse. Right? That probably gets pretty, pretty freaked out if they have to revert that horse.

Do you think they know what's going on? Yeah, I

mean, it's gotta be like, pretty weird. No, I would imagine my dragging this dead. Horse around and I'm a horse.

Do you ever stop and think about your role in civilization? Do you ever stop and think about your role in the culture because me as a person who never met you until today, when I think of you, you know, I've always thought of you as being this weirdo super inventor dude, who just somehow or another keeps coming up with new shit. But there's not a lot of you out there like everybody else seems to be. I mean, obviously, you make a lot of money. There's a lot of people that make a lot of money. Like that.

Clock. Yeah. Pretty dope, right? This is a great clock.

I want one. I'll get you one. Sure. Okay. Done. Like

weird things like this.

Oh, this is the coolest is TGT promotion. What is his TGT studios? TGT studios? Yeah. Yeah. To a gentleman who makes all this by hand.

Yeah, it's really cool. Let's study is filled with weird devices. Well

get ready for another one. All right. I'm sending it your way. Oh, you want to werewolf to hook you up? All right. I'll take one one werewolf and one clock coming up. Do you think about your role in the culture because me as a person never met you until today? I've always liked to do and like wow, like how does this guy just keep inventing shit? Like how do you how do you keep coming up with all these new devices and what do you ever consider how anew like I had a dream once that there was a million Tesla's instead of like one Tesla there was a million Tesla's okay. Not Chesley the car, but Nikola. Oh, yeah, sure and that in his day A there was a million people like him who were radically innovative. It was a weird dream man was so strange. And I've had it more than once resulted

in very rapid technology, innovation, that's for sure. It's one

of the only dreams in my life I've had more than one time, okay, like where I've woken up, and it's in the same dream, I'm in the same dream. And in this dream, it's 1940s 1950s. But everyone is severely advanced. There's flying blimps with like LCD screens in the side of them, and everything's bizarre and strange. And it stuck with me for whatever. Obviously, this is just a stupid dream. But for whatever reason, all these years that stuck with me like it takes one man like Nikola Tesla, to have more than 100 inventions that were patents, right. I mean, he had some pretty great, pretty fucking amazing ideas. Yes, but there was in his day, there was very few people like him. That's true. What if there was a million? Like what? In advance very quickly, right? But there's not a million Elon Musk's is one motherfucker. Do you think about that? Are you just tried to not?

I don't think I don't think you'd necessarily want to be me.

Well, what's the worst part about it?

People would like it that much. Well,

most people wouldn't. But they can't be you. So that's like, that's like some superhero type shit. You know, wouldn't want to be Spider Man and others. Sleep Titan Gotham City. I hope he's out there doing his job.

It's very hard to turn it off. Yeah. What's the hardest part? Might sound great. But what if it doesn't turn off?

Now I showed you the isolation tank and you've you've never experienced that before? Yeah, I think that could help you turn it off a little bit, just for the night. Yeah, just give you a little bit of sleep. A little bit of perspective is magnesium that you get from the water as well, that makes you makes you sleep easier because the water has Epsom salts in it. But maybe some sort of strategy for sacrificing your bilott or not sacrificing but enhancing your biological recovery time by figuring out a way whether it's through meditation or some other ways to shut off that that thing at night. Like you must have like a constant stream of ideas. It's running through your head all the time. getting text messages from checks.

No. I'm getting text messages from from friends saying What the hell are you doing smoking weed?

Is that bad for you? It's legal.

It's gotta be improved. It's not, you know? I'm not a regular smoker of weed.

How often you smoke it?

Almost never. I mean, it's, I don't actually notice any effect.

Well, there you go. There was a time where I think it was rom das or someone gave some Buddhist monk a bunch of acid. Okay, and he ate it. It had no effect on.

I doubt that. I would say

that too. But I've never meditated to the level that some of these people have, where they're constantly meditating all day, they don't have any material possessions, and all of their energy is spent trying to achieve a certain mindset. I would like to cynically deny that. I'd like to cynically say, they just fucking think the same way I do. They just hang out with flip flops on and make weird noises. But maybe no.

You know, I I know a lot of people like weed, and that's fine. But I don't find that it is very good for productivity for

you. Not for me. Yeah, it's definitely I would imagine that for someone like you. It's not someone like you. It'd be more like a cup of coffee. Right? You want to you have a latte?

Yeah, it's more like the opposite of a cup of coffee. Would you like a cup of coffee in reverse? Oh,

weed is Yeah, no, I'm saying you would like more, more like will be beneficial to you. It'd be like coffee.

I like to get things done. I like to be useful. That is one of the hardest things to do. They'll be useful

when you say you'd like to get things done like in terms of like what you get satisfaction when you complete a project when something something that you invent comes to fruition and you see people enjoying it. That feeling

Yes, doing something useful for other people that I like doing.

That's interesting for other people. Yeah. So that do you think that that is maybe the way you We recognize that you have this unusual position in the culture where you can uniquely influence certain things. Because of this mean, you essentially have a gift, right? I mean, you would think it was a curse. But I'm sure it's been fueled by many years of discipline and learning. But you essentially have a gift. And that you have this radical sort of creativity engine when it comes to innovation and technology. It's like, you're just, you're going at a very high RPMs

all the time. What is that? Like? Isn't stuff? I don't know what would happen if I got into a sensory deprivation tank. Let's try. Sounds were concerning. Like running the engine? With no resistance.

That's what it is, though.

Maybe it's not. Maybe it's fine.

I don't know how I'll try it. I'll try it.

Have you ever is funded, experimented with meditation or anything? Yes. What do you do? or what have you done rather

than just sort of sit there and be quiet. And then repeat some mantra, which acts as a focal point? It's does still the mind, it is still in mind. But I don't find myself drawn to it frequently.

Do you think that perhaps, productivity is maybe more attractive to you than enlightenment? And like, or even the concept of whatever enlightenment means? Like, what are you trying to achieve? When you're meditating all the time? With you? It seems like almost like there's a franticness to your creativity that comes out of this, this burning furnace. And for in order for you to like calm that thing down your throat, might have to throw too much water on it.

It's like a never ending explosion.

Like, what is it? Like? I try to explain it to a dumb person like me.

What's going on? Neverending explosion?

Just constant ideas? Just bouncing around? Yes. Damn. Yeah. So when everybody leaves, just Elon, sitting at home brushing his teeth? Just bunch ideas bouncing around your head. Yeah.

All the time.

When did you realize that? That's not the case with most people.

I think when I was I don't know if I was six or something. I thought I was insane.

Why do you think you're insane?

Because it was clear that other people do not what their mind wasn't exploding with ideas all the time.

They weren't expressing it. They weren't talking about it all too. And you realize by the time we were five or six, like, Oh, they're probably not even getting this thing that I'm getting.

No, it was just strange. It was like I'm strange. That was my conclusion as strange.

But did you feel diminished by it in any way? Like knowing that this is a weird thing that you really probably couldn't commiserate with. with other people. They would they wouldn't understand you

hope they wouldn't find out because they might like put me away or something. You thought that for a second? Yes. When you were little. The other people around me were

like when you were little you thought this? Yeah. Wow. Like you thought this is so radically different than the people that are around me. If they find out I got this stream coming in. Yeah.

Wow.

But you know, I was only like five or six.

Do you think this is like I mean, there's, there's outliers biologically. You mean, there's people that are seven foot nine there's people who have giant hands is people that have eyes that are 2015 vision. There's always outliers. Do you feel like you like caught this? Like you have got some you like on some weird innovation creativity? Sort of wave. That's very unusual. Like you you tapped into. I mean, just think of the various things you've been able to accomplish in a very short amount of time. And you're constantly doing this. That's a weird, you're weird person. Right? I agree. Yeah. Like, what if there's a million Elon Musk's?

Well, that would be very weird. Whoo. Yeah. Be pretty weird. Like, real weird. Definitely. Yeah, what if there are million Joe Rogan's?

The probably is Uh, 2 million I mean, I think that's the case with a lot of folks.

Yeah, I mean, but like, you know, my goal is like, try to useful things. Try to maximize the probability the future is good. Make the future exciting. Something you look forward to, you know, you know, with you know, with Tesla, we're like, trying to make things that people love. You know, it's like not like, how he thinks Can you buy that you really love that really gives you joy. So rare, so rare. I wish there were more things. That's what we're trying to make things that somebody loves.

When you when you think about making things that someone loves, like, do you specifically think about like, what things would improve people's experience? Like what what would change the way people interface with life that would make them more relaxed or more happy? You really think, like, when you're thinking about things like that, is that like, one of your considerations? Like, what what can I do that would help people? Yeah, they wouldn't be able to figure it out.

Yeah, like, like, what are the set of things that can be done to make the future better? Like, you know, like, so I think that a future where we are spacefaring civilization, and out there among the stars. This is very exciting. This makes me look forward to the future. This makes me want that future. You know, the things that need to be things that make you look forward to waking up in the morning you wake up in the morning, you look forward to the day for to the future. And a future where we are spacefaring civilization and out there among the stars. I think that's very exciting. That is a thing we want. Whereas if, if you knew we would not be a spacefaring civilization, but forever confined to Earth, this would not to be a good future. That would be very sad. I think it would be so

sure, of the just the finite lifespan, the earth itself and the solar system itself. That even though it's possibly, you know, I mean, how many what, how long do they feel like this sun? And the solar system's gonna exist? How many hundreds of millions of years?

Well, it's probably, if you're saying, When does the sun boil the ocean? Right? About 500 million years. So

is Is it sad that we never leave? Because in 500 million years that happens? Is that what you're saying?

No, I just think like, if there are two futurists and one future is we're out there among the stars and things we read about and see in science fiction movies, the good ones are true. We have the starships and we're we're going to see what other planets are like. And we're a multi planet species and the scope and scale of consciousness has expanded across many civilizations and many planets and many star systems. This is a great future. This is a wonderful thing to me. And that's what we should strive for.

That's biological travel. That's cells traveling physically to another location.

Yes.

Do you think that's definitely where we're going? No. Yeah, I don't think so. either. I used to think so. And now I'm thinking more likely less than ever, like, almost every day less likely. We

can definitely go to the Moon and Mars. Yeah. Everything we will go to the asteroid belt and we can go to the moons of Jupiter. Saturn. We didn't get to Pluto.

That'd be the craziest place ever. If we colonize Mars and retiro formed it and turned it into like a big Jamaica. Just I think we should and I thought, I mean imagine, right? They're gonna be great. It's protected. Here's what amazing All right, we turned the whole thing into Cancun. Well, I mean, over time,

there wouldn't be easy but yes, right. It's you could just want you could warm it up. Yeah,

you can warm it up. You could add air, you get some water there. I mean, over time, hundreds of millions of years or whatever it takes. We're gonna be a multi planet species. That would be amazing. Multi planet species. That's

really

like air conditioning. Sad.

I'm pro human.

Me too. Yeah,

me too. I love humanity. I think it's great. We're glad

as a robot that you love humans because we love you too. And we don't want you to kill us and eat us. And I

mean, you know, strangely, I think a lot of people don't like humanity and see it as a blight, but I do not. Well, I

think one of those. I think part of that. It's just they've been you know, they've been struggling. When people struggle they associated distress I go with other people. They never internalize their problems they look to other people is holding them back and people suck and fuck people and it's just, you know, to Neverland never ending cycle. But not always, again, most people are really good. Most people vast majority. This

may sound corny, it does sound corny, but love is the answer is

the answer. Yep. Yeah, it is. It sounds corny because we're all scared. You know, we're all scared of trying to love people being rejected or someone taking advantage of you because you're trying to be loving Sure. What if we all could just relax and love each other?

wouldn't hurt to have more love in the world?

It definitely wouldn't hurt. Yeah, it'd be great. Yeah,

we should do that. Yeah,

I agree, man. Really? How

do you fix that you have a love machine, you

know, but probably spend more time with your friends and less time on social media.

Now, deleting social media, from your applications from your phones. that give you 10% boost to happiness was we think percentages?

I think probably something like that. Yeah. All right.

Good. 10% Yeah,

I mean, I mean, the only thing I've kept is Twitter, because I kind of like meet some means of getting a message out, you know, right. That's about it. So far, so good.

Well, what's interesting with you, you actually occasionally engage with people on Twitter. Yeah, it's what percentage of that is a good idea? Haha. Good question. 10%.

It's hard. It's mostly I think it's unbalanced. more good than bad, but there's definitely some bad. So do you ever hopefully the good outweighs the bad?

Do you ever think about how odd it is? The weird feeling that you get when someone says some shit to you on Twitter and you read it? That weird feeling? is a weird little negative jolt? It's like a subjective negative jolt of energy. They don't really need to absorb but you do anyway. Oh, fuck this go for Coombe.

I mean, there's a lot of negativity on Twitter. It

is but it's a weird, it's in its form. Like the way if you ingest it as if you're like, you try to be like a little scientist as you're ingesting it. You're like, well, how weird is this? And I'm even getting upset at some strange person saying something mean to me. It's not even accurate.

I mean, the vast number of negative comments. They've asked for the vast majority of I just ignore them. The vast majority. Yeah. Every now and again, get drawn in. Like good. It's not good. Make mistakes.

Yes, you can make mistakes. We make some mistakes. We're all human. We can make mistakes. Yeah. It's hard. And people love it. When you say something and you take it back. They're like, fuck you. We saved it forever. Fucking screenshot that should pitch you had that. Thought you had that thought? Like, well, I deleted it. Not good enough. You had the thought? I'm better than you. I never had that. Thought you had that thought you piece of shit. Look, I saved it. I put it on my blog.

Yeah, I'm not sure why people think that, that anyone would think that deleting a tweet makes them go away. It's like Hello, internet for a while. Yeah.

But it's even like anything is they don't forever you to be able to delete it. Because the problem is, if you don't delete it, and you don't believe it anymore, it's really hard to say hey, that thing above. I don't really believe that anymore. I changed the way the way I view things. Yes, because people go well, fuck you. I have that over there. I'm gonna just take that I'm never gonna pay attention that shit you wrote.

It's on your permanent record forever. Like to put this on your permanent record.

Yeah, it's like a tattoo. Keep it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, it's it's this thing where there's, it's it's a there's a lack of compassion. So lack of compassion issue. People just like intentionally shitty to each other all the time online and trying to catch it's they're more trying to catch people doing something that's arrestable like a cop trying to like get, you know, a rests on his his record. It's like they're trying to catch you with something more than they're logically looking at it thinking it's a bad thing that you've done, or that it's an idea they don't agree with so much. They need to insult you trying to catch

you. Yeah, I mean, it's way easier to be mean on social media than it is to be mean in person. Yes, way easier.

Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. It's not a normal way of view. When interacting, it's cheating. That's supposed to be able to interact so easily. But people are not looking at. Yes. You would never do that. You don't be so mean somebody's looking in their eyes. If you did, you'd feel like shit. Most people. Yeah, unless you're sociopath.

You'd feel terrible. Yes.

Elon Musk. This has been a pleasure.

Yeah. Likewise, it really has been it's been an honor. Thank you for having me. Thanks for

doing this. Because I know you don't do a lot of long form stuff like this. I hope it in weird you out and hope you don't get mad that you smoke weed. I mean, that it's legal. We're in California. This is elite justice legals this whiskey we've been drinking. Exactly. This is all good. All right. Cheers. Thank you. Is there any message you would like to put out other than loves the answer? Because I think you really nailed it with that.

No, I think, you know, I think people should be nicer to each other, and give people and give, give more credit to to others. And don't assume that they're mean until, you know, they're actually mean. You know, just it's easy to demonize people. You usually wrong about it. People are nicer than you think. give people more credit.

I couldn't agree more. And I want to thank you not just for all the crazy innovations you've come up with and your constant flow of ideas, but that you choose to spread that idea, which is it's it's very vulnerable, but it's very honest, and I it resonated with me and I believe it. I believe it's true, too. So thank you. All you assholes out there. Be nice. Be nice bitch. All right. Thank you, everybody. Thank you not ready.