ladies, gentlemen. 1000 episodes. Tom Scara Joey motherfucking Diaz, we're delayed and starting ladies and gentlemen, we did not have a lighter.

That was a real panic setting.

That's embarrassing. Yeah.

I thought I thought some shit was really gonna go down

but thank God I am petrified of earthquakes and situations. I don't put slippers on. I sleep with sneakers. Generators are generated from store water water tools. I got two weapons. I got an AR 15 been

out here for an earthquake.

One of them that didn't scare me. Yeah. But I was just sitting by the computer and I was looking at the cat bowls. Yeah, you get it. And I was looking at the cat. So the cat bowls and all sudden, the whole building tip saw the cat balls up in the air spinning and the cats running for their lives. They acted they were acting we have a couple of seconds before that. And that's why I go why are they so fucked up? Oh,

they were acting weird before the quality you're

looking at the cat bowls, dogs that they're doing that I'll send dog I just saw the cat bowls. It's like a cartoon up in the head spinning. The earthquake and the whole building shifted. I heard the bricks. The whole thing I thought about it being at night sleep apnea. You gotta have a conveyor whenever fucka and they saw they saw like for six months. You got one but everything lights on iron. It fucking cleans your water.

It's scary. When you shit. You panic about what earthquakes are likely if you when you before you move here. Yeah. And then you like I remember the first week I was here. I was in an apartment in Sherman Oaks. And I was standing at the kitchen counter of this person's apartment on their laptop doing like sending an email. And I felt a little and I go in my head I go is the subway. And I kept typing. And then he could you feel that and I was like yeah, he's like crazy, right? That's the earth shake underneath your feet. And I was like, oh, and it's like a panic sets in. You're like, oh my god, like I've actually experienced the earth moving now. And then the next step is like when you are, you're like if you're asleep and then you hear like you feel the dresser you hear the dresser or you know or, or something that's hanging on your wall bumping flux going on, takes you that extra beat to figure out you're going through an earthquake, that extra beat is fucked. It's funny. Have you been through?

Nothing big, but like fives 5.5 A couple of years. The first one I was in was an aftershock of the Northridge earthquake. I was staying in North Hollywood. And I was in this shitty apartment. It was made out of like fucking the same boxes that they used like to ship refrigerators and like literally the walls when the earthquake hit the wall just went like this. I mean, like the whole thing was just like a giant was pushing on the scariest fuck right? Yeah, well, it's humbling. Yeah. Because you realize like this is nothing this isn't a tune up the street is is a knockin over any houses. Imagine what it felt like when that big one hit and it hit for 30 seconds. 3030 seconds is so long to feel the ground moving. That's one of those people moved to Boulder. Well,

that's why I was just gonna say that. When you have that experience. There are some people that because app for a few days after northbridge there was aftershocks. Yeah. And there's people that when they look at their kids and go, I'm not going through this again. Bullshit. Yeah, working on Wilshire, big building. What if 1000 oaks? Yeah, so a lot of people just a bad that's what everybody's waiting for an earthquake here. Because then people leaving, they sell their houses for dirt cheap. does happen, we're gone. They don't ever want to experience it again. But then I see a guy like my uncle who's lived here since 55. And I've asked him Were you ever scared because you know you feel him? But

do when I first moved here before I first moved here. I was out here for meetings. And I went by section of the highway. I think it was the 10 that had collapsed. And they were moving cars around it. Yeah. And as we're Is this what happened? What is this an apartment building

that collapsed? Just north Quidditch earth? Well, there's

the Northridge one. Yeah, dude, that was a fucking serious earthquake, man. Yeah, like fucking serious. And when I was driving by this one section of the highway, it collapsed on the lower section. And I remember thinking that's just shit luck. Like this right here. Yeah, like you could be there. And that is just Shitload is really blam. That thing lands on you and that's how you go. That's how I'm

sorry. I am a hard working individual. I really tried to do anything I could help myself. But when people call me, tell me they want me to go to a meeting in Santa Monica. after like three unless I'm picking up an envelope. I tell them In November that kids won the Oscar for Modern Family. And he said I was always the guy that went to Ocean Avenue with five for those auditions. Yeah. You deserve an Oscar. Because when you switch from the 10 to the 405, you got to wait on that ramp.

First World privilege right there. Hi.

And you're in the middle of that ramp. Yeah, your mind starts playing. I'm telling you, I've been stuck on that ramp, and I've gone never again. Oh, man, I want to go through this ramp. I don't ever want to be in the middle of that ramp. That's not good. Not good. Your mind starts playing with you. And you remember that those images? And you go fuck that.

Okay, let me let's plan this right now. If the shit hits the fan, this thing shakes to the ground. Where are we going? Because listen, one of the main reasons why I like being in LA is because I like you guys. Yeah, so we're gonna all go like I like for real like 100% like that. That was the thing that bothered me the most about Colorado. I there was a lot of nice people out there. But I didn't know you guys weren't out there alone. It's uh, well, we'll see when we work together on the but there's something fun about running into you guys all the time. Yeah, like it makes life better we do the store the factory that and wherever we're at. It's more fun. It makes life more fun. I would do this podcast 100%

I would do it moved to Colorado. That's

what I'm talking about. That's what we do the Colorado's the right way.

You got to remember guys, it's not our decision in that it could be you go home, Mrs. Rogen sit you down and go. That's it not living. Yes, again. Yeah, yeah, that's what that's how. In fact, I pack the bags. without going to a hotel like people affects that way. Oh, yeah. Like this ends? Right today.

Yeah, with that with that earthquake. Yeah, some people

really feel it. If you feel that motherfucker. The ones that take down highways, if you feel that you'd like oh my god, this is not even a really big one. Really big ones change the shape of continents. True. I mean, that's the real fear. The real fears is a giant one like a 10 or an 11 harder

you by the way always feels kind of crazy. Like when I was growing up in Florida with hurricanes that like after a hurricane you like a we stay in after this. Like yeah, it happens all the time. That's Florida's mentality. Like we just

bought up get beer. Yeah, yeah, but there's something about a hurricane that like, for whatever reason, I feel like if you just in the basement, the top blows off the thing and you just fucking strap yourself for a wild ride at Disneyland.

But now they give you these warnings. They're like, you're definitely gonna die. And people still are like bucket. Yeah. Oh, for sure. My friend's mom. His mom is like 70 something years old. And this big one was coming there like this time we're not fucking around. This is a category five. This is going to absolutely devastate this area. And she was like, Absolutely not. I've been here 40 Some years. Nothing ever fucking happens. And he begged her and she was like no, and then and it's like you know those are always those reports are always rolling the dice because they they'll they'll say it's gonna be this bad and then it'll you know it'll turn or the land different. Yeah. And it turned into like a tropical storm. She was like see? She was like the only person that stayed like everybody else. We would always bail. I don't know if you were ever there for hurricane Yeah, but like we would always book it man. As soon as they were like, this thing is gonna land or like no, there's no way and the even driving in those tropical storms was on real men like you can't see an inch in front of the car. It's like you're driving through a carwash. We

had a stop once were you with me when Eddie did that seminar in Miami. Well we were working at West Palm did you go down with us? No. We went we at is doing a seminar in West Palm or in Miami. We're in West Palm Beach like a half hour away. So we left to go to the seminar. And we were stopped dead on the highway. You could not see an inch in front of the windshield. It's amazing. It was fucking crazy. It lasted for about 15 minutes, but it was just shot

to the sky all the time there all the time. We don't even

know what rain it No, we don't even know and I never knew growing up like in Boston growing up growing up in Boston. I never saw that. Yeah, we saw it rain. We never saw that. Like that's some next level. I haven't

really seen it duplicated since leaving.

Actual warranty. As a child I saw one bad rainstorm in Jersey with the clouds got dark. Yeah, it started hailing. Have you ever lived through halen? Yeah, right. Oh,

JC videos of when people's cars are just getting around it. Yeah. And there's one one guy had a film of a lake. They were watching it and slowly ramps up. It's like 1212 And he's like, well look at the size of this hail. And then all sudden, it's fine. It's literally being attacked with rocks from space like this. Look at this. This pool. Yeah, there's a gang of these man. But like look at this one. That's rock.

It fucks people's cars. Oh, fails Roy's destroys calm that was happening in Colorado water dude. 1000 roofers moved to Colorado because there's work for two fucking years. You get

Kansas. Look at it's getting worse. This is insane. Did you get k owed? Okay especially if you're like a little kid. Oh that's up in a five year old out and that's fucking pummeled to death. Has anybody ever died from hail? have passed have happened seems like it

the first week I moved to St. Tom segura. The first week I moved to Atlanta on Monday. And that Friday was the North Hollywood shoot up. Oh, really? I'm not sure what. That was. Monday I came in. I was living with Stanhope Yeah, went to find the job that Friday. Yeah, and there was a bunch of traffic and they were like not as North Hollywood shoot. Hollywood,

that shoot out changed policing nationwide, you know that that incident changed the way they viewed having weapons changed their training they never even competent like contemplated that people would rob a bank with like, fully automatic scenes

coming out with the body armor just walking blind

as he was laying by a car after he was hit. Shooting up at helicopters and shit. That was fucking crazy man. I remember that national news that was just like a big couldn't get on a one

on one now I was in the news radio break room. We were we were getting ready to film a scene and we were watching me and candy Alexander huddled up together going what? Everybody came in guys get in here get in here. They're all in there watching. Like what in the foot and it changed the way they what kind of tactics they use and the equipment they give police?

Absolutely. Like that

38 spec

then they still reference it all the time. I did a ride along two months ago with the Hollywood division dude and I was a guy was still talking about it's like we have this because of this shoot

out the end. You know that's a lot of people say oh man fuck in the militarization of the police man. This is there's a lot of it. That's not good. You give to people too much power. It's not good. But if some shit happens like that, they need that. Otherwise they're sitting ducks.

Yeah, you know, kind of weapons you get on the streets right now. Oh, dude. Firepower. You get on the streets from ar 15 and you get some wild shit out of the fucking street.

Yeah, all you have to do is this number. It's real quick mathematics for anybody's interested. There's 350 million people somewhere around this country. There's more guns than there are people and they're still making guns. Every day. They make guns. There's a gun making industry. It's gigantic. Yeah, they're making all kinds of guns all over the country. Right every year like every year they're making more higher tech. They're not getting rid of any guns. No, no, all those guns for toys. Oh, give back your gun and you'll get a toy. Okay. And then as you saw someone's a factory going on right now they're cranking out AR and one versus like, some rusty old 22 for

fucking handball court, you get anything except like hunting rifle.

I can't believe they're playing handball still. That's why they get dedicated to handball, who's gonna be the best when you get out of prison.

In prison, they play handball. When you get out you claim disability. You play handball, all of that. It's a cover for you. That you're half a Momo but you play handball. So guns that kill. You'll get a gun at a handball court for $50 That shot three people that God has a miss a motherfucking shot himself a motherfuck committed suicide long range but those guys don't give a fuck. They got guns that don't miss. handball courts,

did you play? You play handball in prison that you said

I played handball, like the first two weeks and it just wasn't for me. You were in Colorado. And because there was a few guys from the Bronx. Yeah. So when I went to Summit County because I was arrested in Boulder. But once you start your state sentence, they were gonna send me an in Missouri and Texas. I ended up going to Summit County. Summit County is like, we don't really have balls. Yeah. Oh, no, you could just do what you want here. Yeah, nine to 10 o'clock, the guard would go to Pathmark. That Pathmark like a supermarket Yeah, and get his chips. And so what it was like a fucking daycare. Wow.

Everyone got along pretty well. Yeah, I don't

know what to do from the Bronx that played handball, and we became friends together. He had been on the run for 12 years. But this guy was brilliant. He was fucking brilliant. Like the shit he had done. He had driven the cops crew like, What's that movie Leonardo DiCaprio gasp if you can that he was that? Right. And the final thing he did for them was they caught him and he set them up on the drugs. They're like, I read the paperwork. It was brilliant. He set him up on a drug drugs. Then he said I know why you go buy 10 kilos of coke. The cops actually gave him $250,000 cash to buy the 10 kilos of coke. He set it up with his friend to have a car behind the house. The car was empty. The house was empty. There was no cops never even did a background check to see who lived in the house. He says the house is empty. He went to the front and went out the back and do disappeared travel for 10 years. And he came back to the States because his dad died and they arrest him. Why

he two years ago

he went for like a Aruba and just played shuffleboard gamble. That's

a dark world the world of the expat. No South American tourists communities. Yeah, that's like that. resizeable to right. sighs Yeah. all over all over Mexico. There's a lot of people in Brazil and I had a friend in South America.

Dad was island hopping all throughout his adolescence, just to avoid taxes just to avoid taxes. And then the crazy thing to me is that his that they came here, like they came back eventually. And I'm like, so is he in trouble? He's like, No. How's he not in trouble? He's like, I don't know. Are they gonna catch him? He's like, What do you mean, man? Like, he's here? Like, it's a whole new identity. No, okay. Don't worry. As you pay taxes, he says he No. And he's like, he doesn't she still does spot and then my friend was still like, you know, you don't have to pay taxes. Oh, what

are those guys? Wesley Snipes? Yeah, no, he

goes, he goes, Google it. Yeah, like,

you have to pay taxes.

When that's your thing, like just look it up, man. God dammit. Pay

your taxes. lock you up. Of course, it doesn't matter if you pay them. See if you owe money to say like Exxon. You know, whatever. They'll sue you. You have to pay the money to pay the money. But if the IRS if you owe money to the IRS, they put you in a fucking cage for sure. Regardless of if you pay. Let's say you even if you agree to pay it, yeah, you're gonna go in a cage first.

Yeah, no, you pay your company money. They file a judgment against you. And they sell the paper and then you get called a comedy clubs like I used to. You know, when I first started comedy, I owed so much money that they didn't really go to a comedy club. The manager would go you just kind of call the recall. And I go Holy shit. It's HBO. Really the collections collect my mind that would go at HBO. Oh shit. Go Joe. It's the same guy. And I'd pick up the phone Joey Discover card we know we got that payment MOTHER FUCKA. They fucking figured out they have tremendous scam. So people looking for you. Yeah, they have a computer that they'll go on to see what other numbers that usually call you. And now get that number when they call you that number will come up over your caller ID they do some illegal shit when they're looking for you. But when you get a judgment from Mexico, seven years you don't pay it. It goes away. The government that judgment never goes away that and the student loan. These motherfuckers that tell student loans to suck that Dick Oh,

yeah. Student loans. They come back to the more intense

Yeah, well, you know, that's all the government as well. Right. The thing about student loans is it doesn't get erased when you go to bankruptcy. Yeah, it doesn't. So if you file for bankruptcy, anything else is gone. You know, yeah, I

pay the student loan. I thought it was cute. I picked the last one out the 2625 the minimum. Fuck you.

I've done a couple of people. They showed up

about three years ago dog with a big ol number how to get an attorney to negotiate it down and get off it. Oh, the IRS. I didn't pay taxes from 90 to 2001. What? Dog I was crazy. I was hiding I was doing I wasn't making 1000 He is a road comic. Yeah. What am I gonna file? Yeah. So I didn't file I made money one out of the 13 years. 111 years and one day I walked in downtown downtown Atlanta, we're gonna shoot me in that. I took a number. They called my name. I went back there. I told him I hadn't father 11 years. They asked me what I did. I talked to a lady for half hour she she goes, we don't go back for seven. So you got seven for years. No, they don't throw you in boat. Listen, you have to be a dumb motherfucker. For them to throw you in jail. Or you have to be a public figure. They give you every option. The public

figures you're actually worse off than if you're some just legitimate businessman. If

you're a public thing, I could go down with my attorney and say, Look, yeah, I'm gonna shoot 10 movies and

the next night they wouldn't they would not let Wesley Snipes do that, because

he gave him such At first he was telling them all this shit. That fuck rules and fuck the United States. He was just Africa and reprimand. He was talking about all that shit. And that should drive them crazy.

I don't think

he was he made a case that he didn't owe them yet. I don't

really like, Oh, you gotta go in and they'll play with you. Once you start talking about amendment 11. Right. Thomas Jefferson. reparations. Chinese. I don't give a Frenchman fuck

those people out there that convince people that they don't have to pay taxes and it's not the Constitution.

It's like they want to believe it like a conspiracy theory. You know, it might

be here's the thing. It means that you might have a legal argument, but it doesn't matter. They'll put you in a

volcanic cage tax evasion. take that money

and put you in a fucking cage and won't make any kid

from fucking the solution. What's that? That kid that we missed solution? There's a situation. Let me get the tissue from a nice guy. He's a really nice guy very nice. Wait, what happened to him? He tried to fly. He

actually didn't just not pay his taxes. There was some shenanigans made less than he actually did get

to why these Pete Rose's, they got Sinbad remember that they were putting him on the front page of the LA Times for years.

Why they'll dog

Mike The Situation, sir. This guy more charges? Yeah, including tax evasion and structuring tax

evasion. Like once you structure it, and you're the mastermind

is not a good, good,

you definitely go into the fog. The craziest

part of the story was to me that for that period that they're like hitting him up about he made $9 million. So no, I just was amazed that like from I didn't realize that from I mean, I remember that show is obviously a huge hit. But that's incredible sum of money. We should really pay

attention to this. Like today, not just his but what they can do. Because you think about what it is. We're just talking about money, right? And we're talking about some deception on his part, where he tried to keep some money. Yeah. Try and make it look like he was anybody else. Yeah, save Yeah, you're in some sort of a deal with Costco and you do some sneaky shit. And he said they they can sue you, you'll owe them and you have to pay them. But there's no threat of jail time. Right? Right. I mean, is there if you tried to like cook the books with us? Would they put you in jail? Or would they just try to

find wire fraud? They

have a lot of day Friday finds I'm guessing

the same kind of scrutiny and attention now that he's getting? No, I

think it'd be all about paying a lot of money.

Let's let's let's pretend that Mike Sorrentino says name. Let's pretend that he had some sort of a deal with Chevrolet. And, you know, he was using his name to sell cars but he was fucking around with some money and cooking the books and a little bit of this little bit of that to the same tune as what was going on with the IRS. What do you think they would do to him? Wouldn't would you even be seeing this on TV?

Now they would not be like a suit. Right?

Because the what they're saying is this guy tried to fuck the Big Daddy. Right? I mean, that's what they're showing you by showing you that Big Daddy gets mad when you try to fuck him. And in the

grand scheme of things like it's a lot of money for individual to earn but it's you know, it's not money that affects Big Daddy. Daddy's

coming after you. But here's the strange thing. Big Daddy is just people like what why do we let anything be Big Daddy? Yeah, like the we used to think of it. I think from like, almost like a primitive perspective. Like you have a king, you know, or you have a leader of a tribe. I think that's that's how people used to think of it. And used to think of all these organizations, whether it's the FBI or the DEA as being a part of that, but they're just a bunch of fucking people. Yeah, and no no person should ever be Big Daddy to the point where if you have money that's owed to someone else perhaps there's some sort of an argument that you've been deceptive, that they can just swoop down and take all your money like they lock it all up. Like they go nowhere for fucking freezing your funds like Exxon doesn't get to do that. Yes, Chevy doesn't get to do that or other corporations don't get to that but Big Daddy has the overall say if you violate Big Daddy's code, even though Big Daddy like you don't you need to get a receipt from from Big Daddy. You give big daddy half your money. And big daddy just takes him spends whatever the fuck they want. Yeah, and you know you said what? You don't think you should pay taxes you focus on me? What are you a Bernie Sanders supporter? Man saying that not even saying that? I think don't you think big data should be accountable if big data is gonna be able to just throw us in a cage because we don't give him ones and zeros. Don't think big data should be a little bit accountable. He should

be way more accountable for this way more accountable

way more. You shouldn't just you should be able to check off boxes to Yes, it'd be like, still like needs like healthcare check. Like Police Department check. Fire Department check things you we all like have to pay. Yeah. And then there should be elective things. A bunch of elective shit. You know,

I feel like they should also like our representatives should be way more willing and like actually mandated to explain in detail and like, what they're doing what they're spending on. Yeah. And I feel like a lot of you know, how to represent Congress Senate. There's just like an air of arrogance about the way that they even handle them. You know, I mean, we have power.

Of course they are big daddy.

They're big daddy. And like it's Yeah, I mean, it's the dislike aloofness that they have is like, it's always been upsetting.

It's fucking gross. No one should be big daddy. You mean the people in Congress should be humble. And, you know, that's one of the things about Obama say what you want about Obama, whether you liked his policies, as a human being that guy conducted himself better than any president ever. The way he spoke the way he interacted with people. The way he even responded to criticism. You You know, we're not just talking about US policy, you might hate the class audible. Yeah, as good as it's ever been. Yeah. Which is why this Trump thing is in such direct contrast, when he's yelling the other day at some reporter and he said, you know, you're fake news. He used that again, man. He said, Be quiet fake news or something like that. Well, I think talking about something, you know,

we can like conflate the two like if you want to take talk about policy and effectiveness of an administration and just personal conduct, like let's say you take all the politics out of it. That's what bothers a lot of people to this moment. Still, yeah. If you just even separate politics, which a lot of people are in favor of just the way he conducts himself. Some people love it. Let's let's be honest, I mean, it's very,

very small amount of people love it. But a lot of people run for president. Yeah,

yeah, he was saying before there's no debtors prison. Yeah, there's no debtors prison. When I first got into comedy, I was getting divorced. I was getting squeezed by an attorney. And as much as I never forget the first day I haven't missed sending a payment or anything like I don't know if we can have sugar right? Yeah, that my credit rating everything I worked all those years down the toilet. And then at that point, I said if I'm walking on ice I might as well dance I mean, I was just buying cars and fucking around and you know what? They couldn't throw me in jail for all that shit but what not discover closed my account. Yeah, and I went home and opened up my drawer on one of those because when you when you want coke, you get fucking Einstein. You get creative Jack. I went home and I opened up a draw and I saw those checks those three checks that discover send you Yeah, when you first went to card, get the card. I had a bank account, a bank, a boulder whatever was called I had my bat my car financed through that. I wanted that that a 24 hour drive thru. I wanted that one o'clock and sign that checkout with myself for 1000. I waited for two seconds. And also an envelope came out with 100 with 10 Hundreds. I peeled in the nine the out of the hat Monday at 901. Discover called said you got an hour to bring that fucking money back. We're gonna charge you were fraud. And I was put up against the day I went to the bank. I told him it was a mistake I didn't know. And one lady said you know what? I'll take that 1000 I'll give you the 1000 but I'm gonna put it into your car loan and raise the payments by 25 bucks for every 1000 is 25 bucks. And as the only reason why I didn't go to jail for that fucking thing. So they they don't put you in jail for being in debt. They put you in jail for deception. You know, they get athletes and entertainers. You know what their biggest downfall is? When they go to Comic Cons and those autograph signings?

Oh, they don't they don't get paid for those or they get paid. For those who don't report there's two things.

There's the people who get $5,000 flat and you take pictures all day. Then there's the people that get $10 for the t shirt and $15 for a headshot and smile. Yeah, those 15 that was going in your pocket bro. And what happens is you have to go percentage to $15 to the guy it's like when you sell merch at a comedy club now all of a sudden now they want a percentage of merch. Same thing. Well that guy reports it. But P rose I'm just saying P rose. I have nothing against ya roses, my dog. Pete Rose. We just puts 15 hours in his pocket right? Was $60 Well, he took 10 pictures. It's $150 that's how they can get you on all those autograph things right?

What's going on here?

What's this is from an article that's what he's talking about. This article is talking about walking away from ComiCon with garbage bags full of 20s This guy said he can make up to 250 grand bad shit twice he didn't feel a need for representation because he's walking out with a bag full of cash what who is he? It's like an unnamed person he's a source deeply involved

Steven are now who became so enhanced the festival business that he started zone talent agency.

The arrow the show the arrow? Okay, a comic book show on Netflix.

Wow. That's a lot of money. Yeah. That seems very strange. So

Comic Con, you pay for a booth. And then I think you give them 3% of the overall take.

Don't you think that's really bizarre having people paid to come meet you? That seems we'll strange.

I think it's weird to charge somebody for a picture and charge somebody to sign. I mean, I guess the signing thing I understand there's a bit especially in sports, you know,

you're selling a book, but Are these your thing that you're signing? Oh, whoa. $500,000 a weekend? Who the fuck gets that guy from

The Walking Dead Norman Ritas

Oh, yeah. $200,000 guarantee take

back guarantee and 500 grand a weekend. Hello

celebrities will get a flat and the ones that are on the way real low. Like if you want Lucille Ball. Like if you want happy days or something like that. They get piecework.

I just think remind them all in doing it next week, taking pictures with your mom.

You would never do this Joe Rogan. day a friend of mine called me and he goes, I was at my dad's hospital room the other day. And it was the funniest thing. Joe Rogan, Young Joe Rogan sitting around a campfire with people. He goes, I never saw that episode. And also he pulled out a bag of dicks. And he made everybody be dicks because me and my dad would fucking Howard. You know, for some people in 10 years, they're gonna come to you and say, can I give take a picture for $10? I love for your fact that we let you sit next. Picture. I understand. I think it's a bad relationship. It is. But some people that when they go to Comic Con, yeah, they take the whole savings up, they're ready to go. Now I'm sure I understand. It's a shame. I understand that shame. But I can make a living. What are you gonna do?

I don't have any problem with it. And I don't have any problem people doing it to make a living? No, no, who I was

just saying, that's how you get nails. That's how they nail you. Do

you see yourself doing that?

I'm too embarrassed.

That's what I'm saying. Listen, when

I was a coke fiend, I couldn't sell CDs after a show. So what was that tell you? Why couldn't you have I just to embarrass, I have a hard time, I'd rather shake your hand and hug you and get the fuck out. Then you not come up to me because I'm selling a $25 CD.

That's a funny thing about you, Joey. You know, I've been friends with a lot of guys that had substance abuses, like I told you about my friend Gianni, back in New York. And one thing that you both have in common is that even though you have like these issues, there was never a point where I felt like, I couldn't trust you with something. You know, like I you never would sell anybody out, you would never, you know, I'm saying like you wouldn't, you're not a type of person who would do something to hurt somebody else so that you could profit because you you were sick and you needed drugs. That was never you you always had like a strong code of ethics.

Get out that you were worth nothing. I was a job that had problems. But when I started telling people, he's a junkie, but he pays his bills. You know, like, What the fuck are you talking about? Yeah,

you're just a guy struggling in and I recognized in you a lot of what I had seen in my friend Johnny, was that there's a lot of people that are brilliant people that for some reason, the fabric of society just doesn't fit them. It just is there's something about getting up in the morning and going to a job. And you know, whatever it is about the way they were raised, the experiences they had just who they are inherently from birth, whatever the factors are, there's certain people that just can't do the regular thing. And they just need to find this other thing for you is obviously stand up. And once you found that other thing and became successful, that other thing, that's when your whole thing changed. That's when you were I mean, it was really proof positive. And for sure you learned a lot of things about life. You got older, you got wiser. You no but I think a big part of you becoming more comfortable and more relaxed and becoming who you are today. Is that you? You started becoming successful as a comedian. And when you started becoming successful as a comedian, like, like, well, 10 years ago, things started really ramping up for you. A noticeable relaxing of you noticeable change, because you you you realize like, Oh, this is what I'm supposed to be doing. The problem is when this isn't working, and then you think, well, maybe I should go back to selling cars. Or maybe I should get a job in a factory. Maybe I should. Maybe I should do something three or four nights a week, just bartender, make a little extra money, lighten up the load on the family, that when those types of things start fucking with you. And that's when you start doing coke. That's when you start going crazy. That's when you stay up late. That's when you fuck off. That's when you make big mistakes like you're unhappy. You're upset. You're in the wrong groove.

It wasn't the external struggles. As much as the internal struggles. Oh, maybe

all of it together.

This November's gonna be 10 years that I haven't done a lot of coke. I still haven't been in car. It's amazing with you the January after November. And you're you haven't done it in 60 days and I was still I wasn't sweating it out. Yeah, but I still wasn't trusting myself. Right? I thought I could snap at any minute some chicken hotbeds with a gram of coke. Yeah, you know. So I'm going you got to remember bro, for me it wasn't about success or selling tickets or for me it was just doing something with my life. Right where I've come from all I wanted was just to do something with my life. If I could pay rent feed the cats smoke pot in two spots. That's a lot better than I used to do. Yeah, that's how a lot better than the life I had. You understand me even if I don't go on the road and I'm not Louis C. K. It didn't matter to me. Just didn't have to carry a gun or worry about people knocking on my door. I was like Richard Gere, Nelson's gentleman had nowhere else to go. I got to the store and do that stupid spot at 1245. And look what happened. You just keep showing up. Yeah,

man, that was a big part of that. But another big part of it was getting you on the internet. That was the thing. So people, we got a chance to show people what I already knew. You know, like, the only way for you back then, to get exposure was you had to do something conventional. The only thing that existed, they had to put you in a movie or put you in a TV show. And you got in a few movie movies and you got on a few TV shows. But they didn't get to see you as Joey D No. See, but they got to see us like some fucking character actor and you know, that mob movie with Robert De Niro. But there's a big difference between that and you like this. Yeah. Just took the took the right thing for you to be this you you know took like the internet.

But now the Internet has like for Joey is the best medium ever. Yeah, for sure has exploded. Well for you too. Yeah, it's gone. Yeah, but I mean for you to

think about, Tom. Yeah, yeah,

for sure. Like it. I like it.

You're just as good of an example. Like, you don't have a lot of success outside of the internet. No, that's true. The internet has been your shit, man. I mean, think about it. You didn't have like a long running television series or a series of movies or anything? Yeah. Yeah, but you're selling out places that a lot of those guys can't even fuck with. Yeah, that's for the time because of your podcast, which is if you haven't seen it, it's your podcast with your wife is one of my favorite podcasts. It's so fucking consistently silly that it is so ridiculous. Yeah, and people get silly when they get on it. They do and then you know I start like seeing things like oh, this is like a your mom's house bit. I need to send it to Tom.

Yeah, you sent me a couple of good ones.

I can tell a story about taking this shit. Without 90 people hitting me up the next day telling me that was the most brilliant story in the world. We're gonna send it to Tom.

Tom I totally shut down the ship comic. It's

awesome. myself. I'm today's latest shirring up I'm the fucking YouTube videos.

We played Joey tone shit stories for sure. And he told us about when he shit in his backyard and somebody thought a bearish

she would. She would let her dogs every day. And then she would clean up they will French poodles. Yeah, dogs

is high up in the air. We're just reeling back from the ship.

Joe Rogan, she looked at it. And she was like 58 So she squinted it up against the wall is was beautiful. I took a shit and I put my back against the wall. So when I ship when you ship outside, it's not going to be a decent shit. Yeah, it's going to be like explosive. So when I got up, it looks like somebody got shot in the head behind me. So she said there was a little French poodles, little chihuahuas, and she's looking at the wall like what the fuck. She actually walks up close to it, and squints and looks and looks around and runs. I'm watching all this. I can't breathe. And now I go to the computer because my wife is very decent. Sitting there forever. And then my wife comes in and she goes, were you home all day today? I go Yeah. Why she was I just had a conversation with Susan. She wanted to know if you heard anything in the backyard. I went I went to get sushi. Give it go get sushi. A lot of it. The rice pushes everything. Yeah, do you have plans to go get a weed store? You want to go to post office? But I made a detour. I plan to go home but I left the house key in the house. So I had to climb around the window. That's what happened. Yeah, yeah. So when I pulled myself up, I actually landed with my stomach on the window. And now you really made it push it out more like flattened and flopped. And my hands are struggling the window. My feet are on the other side and the cat's meow and I'm gonna get to me. So I ran out ran down the stairs outside.

Oh my god, that was dumb. I

took a shit and famous backyard after a five hour drive from Colton of some weird town.

Did he not talk to you after that?

I took his shit and then he ran over it with his car. Back Yard smelling sewage. The next day, he goes, Smells back here. I don't know what happened. And you can see the brown shit. He smushed it with this tie and a bunch of flies talked to me for a month after that in somebody's backyard because I told him the truth. The bad

that's hard to clean up to Oh, yeah shit you can clean up dog shit it doesn't even make you gag a human shit bomb shit yeah to clean up some wine oh shit if you had to use one oh scrapers

yeah it smells so much stronger man it's so much

it's so you cut it in half right? Would that fucking when that Reese's Peanut Butter fume leaks out? Oh my God, he's like I've done studies when you go to jail when you go to prison, you have to cut the shape of the shit like in a tube when people watching TV like when you go to county jail, you shit right there. So black guys will be laying there watching TV with their feet up. And also this small little shit in there like, put some water in that hole motherfucker. Like they're just yelling from the other side of the fucking prison. Because that means you took a ship. Ship permit. So I'm prisoners whose you shit? You gotta put water on it. Yeah, but there's some bathrooms that only give you 20 ounces of water a day. So whatever time you flush, it's got to be a good flush. You follow me? Sometimes a piss has to stay there. Until the next day until you take a good good shit. But when you take a shit in jail, bro, that's what they'll tell you. Because there was some hole in that month fucking hole dog. I could smell that shit right now. I'm trying to watch Oprah. But that's what smells wants to hear sucks. Is that when you go to Vegas? Yeah, to have that sucking action. Yeah. What do you think the ship is big. That's 34 inches. Once that it breaks it looks like two new chunks. Once that breaks. It's over. It's over and they put the bathroom right by the door. The front entrance. Yeah, have nobody come over. Right, right. That's why I always go downstairs. Thanks, shit. Yeah, I don't ship my bathroom the whole time. No more because it kills the whole room for two hours. We

worked at the House of Blues in Vegas. And Joey left an onshore shit. You know, an onshore schinas was like he was so fat at the time that he couldn't sit down and like the regular toilet. You were like, what were you laundry for? 15 He was a giant. So when he would take a shit he would had have to balance himself mostly on the very edge of the front. Because his ass was so big. Why didn't shit in the water will sit on the deck. No. Oh, it would be sticking out. You ain't never seen a shit like that before.

So you couldn't sit in the toilet.

I would sit on the toilet, but I don't like the booze on the edge. It wasn't that I was fat. I don't like my dick inside the toilet. Stuck a dick and also the succulent toilet. My wife pee in public because I want to eat a monkey. I don't want that monkey. So when I shit the public bathroom, I hold my balls. Okay, and I ship towards the edge. I don't give a fuck if somebody else's bathroom

right so you your soldier balls and sit where you are. Because

none of them are gonna move forward. Because if I'm back there, I got grabbed one time and if they're sitting on the toilet, they'll jump from that toilet. Inwardly they Jumping

over to people saying they got crap. So the toilet is an excuse.

Well, sometimes you could great crabs. Moneyweb but they can only get it from head.

They only clean two hairs. I don't think they like little stay on an actual toilet. You're probably definitely right. Yeah, I would feel like that's one of the things like crabs. I took a shirt at a gas station. That had to be it. That's what I always figured it was.

No so I always hold my nuts. When I shit it was long. And red band put ketchup on it. Remember red band? Ketchup?

Unfortunately, I think that was a different time. Okay, this has not happened. Yeah, it has been many, many things. It's like sticking there's a smell. You know how when you take an epic shit, it's an above watershed. It comes out like, like the fucking big island of Hawaii. Yeah, just rises through the water. Yeah, like I've done that many times. Where because I eat too much. Then I'll take these shifts that are just like so big. They're preposterous. But there's a totally different smell to those shifts. Because you're smelling raw shit outside of the water. Right? I mean, it's it's gone through the water. Yeah. And it's poking into what is it about that? That makes you happy? What is it about accomplishment? First of all, there's a good one right? It doesn't

come around that often either. Oh, yeah, man. It's like a comment. Like, just like I don't this doesn't happen all the time.

It's always diarrhea too. It's never like it's never like a super like thick law.

It's weird when the second wave is diarrhea. Like when you take a loss you're proud of yourself yeah, and then you're like I think I had a little more in there and there's like it's just a fucking you know,

that's from what healthy eating healthy eating does. Yeah, if you eat some MCT oil or coconut oil, why does it do that to you lubes up your pipes.

Because why I moved to now I have the office, the back office and it's connected to a bathroom. It's got a door. So I don't live with stink no more. I opened the door in the morning. Couple of backyard. I shit I smoked a bowl shit backyard anymore. No, no. Okay, my dog goes faces to the backyard. I have my own bathroom in the bedroom.

But I don't put it through. Shifts. No. Back there. Yeah, leave.

Open the back door. Fuck the fart fast. Open the back. Is the school behind that kids playing? I'm shitting smoking dope. I don't give a Frenchman as fuck and it don't smell and then on why the candle? That's beautiful, beautiful. That's what you need is a bathroom with a door that faces outside. The

worst is when you go over a girl's house and you go to use her bathroom. And you smell matches. Oh, yeah. Like, oh, no, she was lighting this motherfucker up. You're thinking it's like burning off fumes. Yeah,

stinky by me panicking about our Mac ever get to a girl's place and then you feel the gurgles and you're like, Oh, I could have had that before

I was dating. A girl wants that she had ferocious diarrhea. Ferocious. So she was irregular. Yeah. And she so she went to the bathroom and she just turned on the shower. And she turns on both things on the sink. Whoa,

yeah, I just tried to drown. And

I'm like, What the fuck is going on? I was very young at the time. Didn't understand. I was super confused. What the fuck is going on there?

I had I had once in college where I was at this girl place and she was just like, case game on like, go for it right like I have to take I could feel that it was a diarrhea and explosive diarrhea shit. And I also realized there was no way to do it that that it would just be a black toilet. And that there's no way I could cover so you know what I did? I went back to my place I was like, I'll I'll see you some other time or whatever. When the next day her friends were like, you're like the fucking like they gave me credit. Like they thought I was guy that I was a good guy. They're like you're awesome. And I was like no, I had to take

Yeah, girl real white girls. Yeah, because they're not getting fucked and they don't want their friend to get fucked right so they use reverse psychology on you. You're an amazing guy. I got an amazing

guy credit I hope you wait forever is so cool that you left even

when you get married tell her we get married. ever so much. Have sex after you're married. It's not about that right it's about real love. Yeah, Twilight love if

I had had bowels that were intact it would have been a different story that night bows bows

Yeah, yeah there's a time when you know that it's in the sensitivity of your inner asshole region is amazing. It is it knows Yeah. Especially when you go to sleep at a fart right when you like you like about to cut a fart and and then also an alarm start going off. You're like Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. And you gotta clap shot like, Jesus. What is this?

We were having this debate yesterday about why are they sometimes hot? Like why is it hot? And then why does Why do you know that hots gonna smell bad spicy food, bro. Is that but is that what it is? Solely?

I don't know. I remember. I was telling you guys at one time my freshman year I didn't take a ship for a week and I had I was addicted to steak. American cheese. And all right, a French fries.

How long is that? Long?

Well, I played freshman ball. And we were playing paddison The side was just a jungle of a school like you got to be careful when you're going. And we weren't going to play the Christmas tournament.

Well, what kind of ball are we talking about basketball? I hadn't

taken a shift for like 10 days or something I took acid something fuck my stomach up. I didn't tell nobody. And those days I was really scared of doctors and I wouldn't say shit to nobody on the way home we got on the bus. And while we were waiting there, my stomach started hurting. I said Jesus Christ. I don't know if I'm gonna ship myself a fart but let me just take a chance. And I blew this fight Joe Rogan that was so bad. Right we want a bus and people started running you know school buses. People started running to the Windows right to swing down the bus windows. But here's what to get by the I father again as the teachers are going oh my god, he's changing flavors, but what's the worst thing was the cheerleaders are crying. That's how bad the bus changing flavor the teachers yelled. Oh my God, he's changing. That's how bad these fights

next teacher. He's changing. Buster.

Never forget looking at the chili is more like, Oh my God. We've never smelled like this before. It was fucking god awful.

I wrote a blog about one of Joyce farts once.

Was that on a plane? Yes. Yeah, I

think I read that called happy pills. And it was I was thinking about I was I was looking at this ad. I was looking at this ad ad for antidepressant you know some girl dancing around on field a wheat and shed you know those those ads yeah and I was just thinking about like like what you know what depresses people and how crazy pills are and how crazy Oh it's still up there you can still find it anyway at the end of this is a really like me we're both both of us are barbecued I don't know what the fuck What do we edible some sort

of edibles in the beginning lollipops? Yeah way in the beginning

we were crucified was

asleep. Yeah, he was going in and out but he wrote on the blog and I don't even have to look at the fart was strong. He's lucky I find it because it was a lot better than the Antonio Banderas movie. He was watching some videos on Antonio Banderas movie.

I don't remember what it was what it was, but I do remember the lady behind you. I will never forget hearing her over the earphones. Yeah, I hear oh my god over the pounding sound in my iPod, I hear a woman in the row behind us cry out. Oh my god. I look over chilly and he smiles. There's your fucking happy pill right there.

That's right Antonio Banderas it says

Oh, what was it? So?

Oh, yeah, teaching underprivileged youth how to salsa. That's

what I was watching. I was watching a terrible movie.

Terrible. We both were a joey farted

the fart evolve.

Do you remember by the way, what

the seat? Yeah. Well, you actually feel your leg. When you're in a plane, and it's gonna go down. What's the button you push the ejector seat? Was it like

a seat belt into your waist? Oh

my God, it was terrible. But another time I bought I used to. I used to love number one bus from Jersey City, Oregon high school. And we were on the bus one morning kids. And there was a guy reading a paper I could live to be 100. And never forget this reading the Daily News. And he had a connector of drool from his left to Daily News and it was a puddle was on heroin. They would go to Jersey City in those days and get methadone. So they would take the bus up Northwest So I'm sitting there, he's passed the fuck out. And the drool is connected to the daily news and there's got to be just six inches of power. This guy has been passed out for 20 minutes. I point my ass Adam, I'm uh, I'm not sitting behind them. I'm sitting across from them. Yeah, and I lift up my hips a little bit. I'll just point that even if it was important that he would ricochet off the chair and go straight into his mouth. He's sitting there, and I let a fart go out. I can lift the bat. He lifted his eyes like this. Like he went like this first. Like, he wiped his mouth. And he's like, man, who the fuck

he goes and died. And me and my little buddies were like, what? Yeah, we'll fucking giggling he's like I should beat the fuck out. Oh my god. Fantastic. Oh, Jesus.

This is what this is why I hate people. This is why I hate when I repost

it, give me a second.

This is the reason why I read posts. From people going, I used to comply, this blue comedy will come down to the standard feeder and Friday night and listen to intelligent, comedy calm, fun, thought provoking comedy. And then I think about how many times I'm 54 years old. And that night I got a sleep apnea machine. And there's a little needle in the sleep apnea machine because the hose punches air into your fucking mouth. So there's an escape valve. That's the size of a needle. You know how many nights I will sit there and be half asleep. And I'll need the fart. And I'll wake up just to fight to see if I could smell the fucking fart come through that hole. Yes. If it comes through. It's a tremendous fight. I just wake up my wife like you got it. Hell like it's that good. I'm 54 years old. That always makes me laugh times to Gore. People say to me, I love thought provoking Collie dogs. It makes you laugh. It's comedy. Yes, it's comedy. Stop with the fact that

you almost hospitalized me one time from laughing so hard. Like I don't know if you remember this. I'm serious. I have no if I could tell it. It was it was backstage. It was backstage at his show. We were somewhere and you're like, how's the wife? And you and I go, you go where she I said, I said some city in Tennessee, maybe Knoxville, or Nashville, and you go to Nashville 96 And you start the story about work in a club and you're like, I just rift in between shows some crazy shit. Some chick

who was talking, there was eight people. There was 20 people for the first show. Knoxville was a comedy zone show. I have booked it. Knoxville is a great little fucking town. Like a cute little Tennessee town is that it's like hip. It's like a college town. So I get down on Friday night, Joe Rogan. I'm headlining, I got 38 minutes. I just moved to LA and I signed with Creative Management. And they booked those rooms. So booking me as a headliner. I was just dying, slowed that so what they did was they put me and one nighters that paid by 275 and nine they weren't bad. Tennessee, you know, and we go to this Knoxville for two nights and I go in and you know me, I'm fucking crazy. First night, I go in there to Friday night. There's 20 people for the first show. And there's a girl Joe Rogan. That's a 12. With a guy, that's a four. Okay, and it's her birthday, you know? Meanwhile, through it, she just turned 21 It's a birthday. Okay, happy birthday. What's going on here? You know, because once you start having noise, you have to react, what is a comment? And you go what's going on? 21. I said, You're very beautiful. And then she just went and ran with it and started talking about how her husband pimps her out. He would have fights on. And for 20 bucks. You could fuck her in the back room. 20 fights, whatever. I don't know that on Fridays, he would bring it to the construction truck. He was bringing a truck with her to the construction site and put a mattress in the back. And at lunchtime that he would let her friends and she's telling me this. It's like she's talking and people like, like just holding their breath. Like what is going on here. This girl is beautiful. And this rethought is just pimping up. So in between shows, I go upstairs to do a line a smoker to join or whatever the fuck I'm doing. When I come back, I see here by yourself and we start talking what's going on? Oh my god, I had such a great time. I go into that stuff. True. And she goes yeah, go show me the monkey and the woman's bathroom. Pull down a pants. The girl had a monkey that was spotless. She had nearly stunk I ate it. I fingered the salmon as she suck my dick. That was I went back to my room. I didn't think that now that I'm like Jesus Christ. I go back for the second show. That is AP. But by the time I go back for the second show, Joe Rogan, she sit in the back she's gonna she's looking at me like this. She's fucked up. And 10 minutes into my spot set because I was headlining, she starts going. I suck the comedians Dick tonight. And I was like, What are you talking about? And she's like, I suck this deck. And he came in my mouth. He's like, What the fuck are you talking about? The cops had to hold them back. And he's like, I want my $40 That's all he wanted. He didn't can just wipe suck my dick at this comedy bathroom. When the cops came, he kept saying, Man, somebody's gonna get hurt. If I don't have my 48 hours. That's a 40 hour blow job. Did you come in her mouth? Because if I wouldn't have come would have been like 20. All he cared about was the 40 hours.

So he told me that backstage at your show. And I fucking started hyperventilating. 48

hours for his wife this is the world of comedy ladies and gentlemen. This is the world that crazy fucking common

cheeses. Think that's crazy.

She's crying some of the husband with his wife and said, you know, no, he didn't care. He just wanted the $40 with a blow job. I didn't give it to him.

He's got rules. You got to give him that. He's got like a line in the sand.

For a fucking crazy animal when you sit at home at night. And you think about all this shit we've seen We've learned a lot.

I don't think I've ever laughed as hard. Well, that's probably a second time right down that road.

We've learned a lot of things. You learned a lot of things about human beings. You learned a lot of things about individual. You learn some random I did American home. It's a Armed Forces place in Idaho. It's part of the triple Ron. This is I walked in and I had to go meet do a sound check. Her buddy kept looking at me going. Hi, how are you? Have you met Sandy yet? And I go no, and they go and then walk away? You ever see what's more with Eddie Murphy? When he would boomerang? Yeah, when he goes to the Black Chicks house it's at and the butler keeps laughing remember the butler would go you have to she wants to see in The Kitchen he would go because she knew he was going to she was going to rape them. So every time somebody will refer to Shirley, they go, have you met Shirley and you go, No. And they go, oh, and they'd walk away, was surely wherever the captain of that base was the head of the base. She was his wife. And if a band came to town, or a comedian came to town, she blew. That's it. That was the rule. Like he and he would sit up there with his fucking military arm with all his shit, and clap. And she'd be in the back. tsukkomi the whole band. I mean, this is crazy. So I didn't know about this. She came over and started talking to me. And then she started to allow you a cube and I dated a cube and one time he had such a big thick, you have a big thick. I mean, it was that quick. It was that quick, like she just gets to it. She's like, 50 I was maybe like, 31 she was maybe 50. Wow, she just dropped behind the curtain took the hammer out. I'm sitting there minding my own business. And also somebody comes yelling first. Surely, surely, surely. Now usually. Surely we get up and stop sucking in. Not surely. She moved her knees like I had Knee on Belly. He puts me on belly. He's supposed to move this way. Right. That's what she did with her knees. She kept sucking. He just kept moving this way. She I tried to take it out of her mouth. She wouldn't let it. She's like, No, no, no. She felt she wouldn't stop till I mean, they like Shirley. And this is crazy shit.

I can't I'm overstimulated. I feel like I need psychiatric treatment right now. And an IV

fucking drink

greatest thing anyone's ever said that was the best word. I mean, kids used to call a mink. Mink Yeah. But when they say they cut it short. What is the word? What does it mean? Mink

it me suck my dick mica in the dialogue. suka means right. Okay. You know, it's so weird how the moist Spanish? This is Italian Sicilian. Really? So the deeper you go down the boot. The more is it closer to Spain? Or is it farther from Spain? The closer Italy is from Spain. When people from that area speak Italian. I don't care how fast they're talking. They can't put the wool over me because I can pick up every four words. All right, so Sicilian say suka what suck in Spanish tuba tuba. You're in the neighborhood right suka lambing. When they say Sukkot I mean Kia like like, you know what, what are you gonna do to that and I'm gonna go out and get my mica suck. But suka la mink is just a short.

Second shirt of this show. sukamade

Sure. And then you got Minka juice comes at you. You want it. Cheers.

Cheers. When you when you hear those Latin languages, like your Spanish, and you hear Italian, like those languages seem like they're like, let's have fun language. You know, everything has got a thing to it. It's got a rhythm. There's a way to talk. It is fun.

Yeah. Fun to listen

to talk. Yeah. Especially not really knowing anything about what they're saying. I could pick up like one out of 100 words maybe, right? Yeah. And so I hear them talk. And I'm like, Well, which one was then? But it's so for me, it's almost just like hearing the rhythm of them talking. Yeah. It's like a fun, sort of a smooth relax.

Yeah, when I get you an Express, you know, they talk to you. And it's very hard.

Their gestures and gestures. Yeah. You can always tell when a Latin person like across a room. Yeah, just by their hand gestures. And they start you know,

God see me lay grad see me. Like this. Just hearing. Yeah,

how long would it take you? How long do you think it takes you for you just to get the like, if you're in France for a week? Yeah. Like it takes you three days just to get the like, I'm not gonna learn French in three days. But my putt must take you three days to get the Jiff. I wonder like, what do you watch? Like if they come up to you and ask you what you want from the menu. Like after you go to nine restaurants. Yeah, right. You know, three days. Yeah,

a little something. Yeah, you get a little, especially if you have like a Latin root too, though. You know, like you're comfortable with it.

Does it ever bother you when you hear stories about Americans going to like Paris? And like the Persians thinking the Americans were dicks. The Americans like acting like assholes. The people from Paris like, what is that? Like? How did that whole rumor get started? The loud American? Yeah, kinda the whole like us. Versus Paris thing you remember when they wouldn't call things french fries. They're calling freedom fries.

Bush here, right? Do you remember that? Yeah, like freedom fries. Like we're

like, it's always like the French, you know, like, there's always, there's always like some weird like, right wing punch line about the French. How much interaction?

I think at this point for me it's inherited. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You

remember that episode is upon us women with deadly? Yeah. Can I get some red sauce? He's like, I want red sauce, marinara. And the guy looked at the other guy he goes, if you think these Germans are classless, you know, I'm saying like, Look at this guy here. Like they all have. Every country must have something towards. Yeah, I hear that were hated across the world. But well, person like you? Are you traveling, you know, pro people were very nice. Yeah, they

are nice. If you are nice. And I think that's universal. People are nice. If you're nice. Yeah. Pretty thoughtful, that people appreciate pretty much everywhere. People are nice, if you're nice. You know, and the way you are changes the way they are. You know, like if you run into someone, and maybe they're a little bit defensive, but you're openly friendly. A lot of times they're relaxed that. Whereas if you run into someone, and they're sort of defensive, and you're aggressive with them, then it ramps up. And the whole thing becomes like some sort of a weird ego disaster. Same person, different person interacting with them, saying the same words. It's the whole thing about people and the way we talk to each other. Yeah, because we're, it's a, there's no one person responsible for an argument. Yeah, you know, most of the time it comes from both sides. And how you interact with people, even if you feel like you did nothing wrong. It's a lot of times, like a big part of how the conversation started shaping itself. People don't want it everybody wants everything to be black or white. Right? It's easy. Like, if you got an argument with the dude, it's his fault. Or it's your fault, but can easily be both can easily be like just a mismanaged situation. You know, you might have been coming there because there might have been some fucking problem that they were supposed to fix on your car, and they didn't. And you know, you in your car, headed to the Comedy Store and you like this motherfucker. And the light starts going on again, like God dammit. And you get there, you're already a little bit ramped up, and you run into someone, and then you're already coming at them at like a six. And if you get an interaction with them about like, Hey, man, he's dangled in front of you. I gotta go somewhere. You're like, Fuck you, man. Right? That could happen.

Totally does and you don't know. You don't know. That's why I've always I 21 I learned a very important lesson in life. You don't know what that guy's gone through today? No one does right before you. Before you give that dirty guy. It's the hardest. Cut them off. Yeah, you don't know if his wife just left them. His kid just told him she was a lesbian. You know, this is pie. And also, she's got a girlfriend. He does have a fucking gun in his car. You don't know what somebody's going through? Right? You have no idea what's on their mind. Coming up to you. You know, one of the most genius things I have ever heard was that the great Carlo Gambino never answered his own door. He always had his wife answered the door. Because no matter how mad a mobster came over, no matter how like he just got off the phone with this fucking guy and he won't give me 10 kilos. Color is gonna resume this. No matter how mad I came into the house, his wife would stop you make you sit down and give me an Express. I'll give you Scott and talk to you. So by the time you got into kalo, you were slowed down to think he was very smart that way. That's beautiful. Because he always his wife was like, everybody's mom, one of those ladies that you'll go. I Hawaii and come in me. So that's

why it's not good for everybody. If men get together for long periods of time, I

think that I think that people should anybody who's involved with customer service should take some type of something to let to calm people down, like people work in an airport. Right? You know, there's got to be a system either slow somebody down.

That's a brilliant system, having a wife that's like a very nice person that sits you down low as you write cards during talks. And you realize like, Listen, this is what's important, this kind of friendship here. Like, like half of the issues that people get into. It's a prospective issue, right? It's like, like, especially if you're like a mobster, and you think someone's fucking you over and you're like, oh, you know, where's my fucking money and you sit down? Like, come on. Perspective issue. Yeah. It's most of what it is like, how are you looking at your relationship? Are you trying to fuck this person over? Are you trying to work together in harmony? Yeah, we're just trying to work together in harmony. I bet it'll work out.

We'll travel Have you ever have a bad travel day? And we get to a hotel, and we're fucking furious? But that little lady at the counter made us laugh and for sure, about what just true. I know. And she'll even do something that will change your whole outlook for the day. Like she'll go. Oh, by the way, I know you were delayed. We told the kitchen to save your spaghetti and meatballs. And you're like, you bad motherfucker, you. Wow. You know, so that's I liked it. When that happens. I love when I'm furious. And I walk into a hotel and somebody slows me down and talks to me. And yeah, it's really cool. When people have that's a gift by the way, to actually slow somebody down and be able to touch him and guide him and it's gonna be fun. It can be anything to detract them.

If you have a business, you have a customer service representative, someone who meets people at the door, that person has an amazing personality, that shows worth a lot of money. Oh, yeah, it's worth a lot of money can't coach it. You can't train? Yeah. Whether it's a guy or a girl, and I've met him on both sides. You know, you meet people that work in a certain place where you look forward to going back to that place to saying hi to that guy. That guy just super cool. You're like, what's up? What's up, man? And like you've made like, a legitimate friendship with this person. And that's, that's possible to you know, this idea that we all have to be constantly at odds with each other. And

I think even like security people like when I see when I'm in a restaurant or bar or at a sporting event, and I see a security guy is what's that word? Dissolve a situation? Yeah. without throwing a punch, especially when a person Oh, good one. Yeah. Especially when a person's drunk. Let's talk to you when you're sober. Right? What do you got for cocktails on I'm gonna talk to you once a my patience level is done. Yeah, you know, it's fucking done. But there's some people who stay calm and they go we know man. Yeah, let's just take a walk over here and talk about it and you fall for it. And next thing you know you're out. Brian. Oh, man, if you had girlfriends with some other guy, you know, they were come rushing into a bar and this people were tremendous at that. That's a great gift.

You know who could do that shit. Big John McCarthy. Big John McCarthy. He's the best at like, separating shit. When shit goes sideways in the octagon.

Isn't he? A ex police officer? Fuck yeah.

And he's a giant. Yeah, he's, I mean, he's a big dude. He's a black belt in jujitsu. And when when shit gets weird inside the octagon, the cop and hip comes out. Yeah, like people if there's some chaos and some crazy shit. He puts up fucking halt to that. No more. Yeah, those guys are important, man. It's important to have people like that. Now that is a skill though. It's a giant skill. It also be a good guy. Which he also is right. Like, like Big John McCarthy. He's a hell of a human. By the way,

formally, congrats on 1000. Man, that's really awesome. Listen, amazing.

party started. Thanks,

you guys.

It's really incredible, man.

There's probably more right I think it's like 1043 or something. Probably. Yeah, real ridic there's a bunch of other named ones fight companions. Fight breakdowns.

That would never ever dream. When you started doing these menial, they would have the impact that they have. Let's just

keep that shit known void.

Remember, you like fucking saying like, people want to hear this.

I remember him calling me up to the room. me yelling at Joe and I call you crazy. Oh, fuck his home on a Friday night. 13 year old just take that shirt off. Take that shit off. Well, I'm smoking pot.

We were in the green room. No, no cops. No,

this was somewhere else.

This is doing a podcast me him in Red Bay. One of the first podcasts we did was off this thing called justin.tv. Yeah. Justin TV. And we did on green rose. And we did him back when there were cellular modems. So you'd be streaming like there wasn't like a lot of Wi Fi back then. So we'd be streaming from like, cell phone hookup. Yeah, it was terrible. Like real pixelated stuff. But we're like, this can be fucking weird how people like, watch us get ready in the greenroom. talking to the camera. Bizarre. So we decided to do a few of those. But Joe, it was like, get this fucking thing away from me. But that was that was a different Joey Diaz back then. You know, you were still uncomfortable. You know? It was funny with that. That was the thing that set you free. But it's also let people know who you are at

the beginning when he was like, Hey, dude, weren't you I was like, What the fuck are you doing?

No, no.

I was like, Are you like a bird collar kind of guy. Like I thought it was like one of those weird you know, I mean, things that people do. That was like a bird call. Like we talking about man.

Yeah. He was behind there at night and I just didn't like it. I didn't know. But then Dane Cook. I became a megastar with MySpace and everybody in their mother went on my site that was before me. But they were not doing cocaine was doing Yeah. They just stopped by going on MySpace and going. I got free tickets tonight. Yeah, that that was gonna work. Dane Cook was communicating with them. Sure. And people would see the communication and go, Wow, we can have live interaction blah, blah, blah, blah. Dane

was doing that way before me. He was doing that on MySpace and my 2002 or something like Yeah, right, wasn't it? But pretty

early on? Yeah,

but about in 2003. We'll check the lineup. We'll check the old calendars. We did the Fourth of July weekend in Irvine. And I'll never forget that I said to you do you have radio? And you go I have no radio. I'm a little panicked. And that Thursday when we got down to the whole weekend was sold out. And that's when I said Joe Rogan's on this computer. Like fuck this shit. Because my philosophy was that computer do you think Richard Pryor would go home before in the morning? coked up and get on fucking Facebook. Wow. Yeah, that was my thing at that time. Like, I think that fucking Richard prize and I go home and get on MySpace. So I was exposed it but once I saw five sold out shows in Irvine, the old Irvine, when it was known that if you didn't do radio, nobody's gonna show up. That was great. Right? That was it. That was it. To me. That was what made me a believer that there's something there.

Yeah. It's amazing. The the range of people that come up to me about your show, you know, like the like, all types of fucking pilots. Fighter. I've had like amateur fighters, professional fighters. The range of people that are interested in your show, you know, I mean, it's a really wide range of people. It's fascinating. Like it's really reached a lot of people, man.

I was it freaked me out, man. Why I was in Burbank the other day. Okay. You got a haircut. We could go. All right. You know me. I hadn't. I went to jujitsu and had a half hour to kill. So before the hair cut, I just smoked a joint. I was in my car on Magnolia Boulevard up the block from Porto's, which is fucking back. And I opened up the sunroof and I just started smoking a joint before the hair cut. And I put a piece of gum in my mouth and I actually walked to the crosswalk to walk on cross the street. And there was a lady holding a kid would another one of the thing. And she looked at me. And when she looked at me I go fuck this lady smells me. You know, when you when you don't have a child. You don't give a fuck about reefer. But when you have a child and you see a mom with a child, you feel kind of fucking sorry, man. I didn't say it until she looked at me. She goes, oh my god with the kid and her thing. And with the stroller. She looked at me, she goes, blue cheese what your fucking mother. I loved it come from Buffalo. I looked at her. And she just kept walking. But it was like the type of woman that wouldn't say that. With the kid and the pusher. She goes blue cheese with wings and go fuck your mother. I love you. And she just kept walking like, oh my god, amazing, man. What about his mother went to Sacramento and families with kids. It's fucking crazy. But the round of the people why they come up to you and TSA. He'll forget about Tsa, tsa, but the realm of people and the reasons why that's what I'm saying. That's what that's what's always killed me. Like, I've been around for 20 years. And what made you come to my show, as I told the sheriff, I told the story about taking this shit in somebody's backyard. I loved it. We laughed at you and you're like, Oh my God. Yeah, that's what you know, when somebody comes up to me. It's always they came to a show for something different. I said on here. Yeah. You know, that's really weird. It's amazing. And like you said the contrast. It's not just the six foot guy. It's everything steroid, a guy it's a mom with a baby and a stroller.

I was saying, I have people that so want me to like, give you things. It's so annoying. They're like, because they always start with like, trying to flatter me. And like try and they're like, Dude, I think you're fucking hilarious. I go, thanks, man. I love your shit. I listen to it all. I was on the way to work every day. I'm like, Oh, thanks a lot. And they're like, Yeah, man. It's so funny. Like, I love this bid and that bid and I'll be like, it's very nice. You man. Thank you very much like and I listened to your podcast, and I fucking love it. It's so fucking funny. I'm like, thank you. And then they're like, Hey, would you give this to Joe? That's their, their whole thing. Like, did you think because you told me all those compliments. I'm going to be your messenger. And they'll be like, No, I mean, just like if you could give it to him. Okay, sure. I get this request every other week. What

kind of weird shit that's

always fucking packages and envelopes. I don't open them in good. Yeah, no, they go right. I

tell him to send them directly to you. And like the cup he don't even tell him to do that he gave me two cups. I gave one to Alberto and I gave the other one to you.

This is a highly ineffective way to communicate with people I sending them shit.

You know? People think that I want to have shit in my car like hey, give us the time. Like I'm gonna have this in my fucking

I got the newest latest Bong. It's totally different than it is a bomb. First of all, you could drop it out of an airplane. It will not break its military grade, bro. This is the bomb the bog to end all bonds to catastrophe. Apocalypto, you've had this pit end of the world bomb. Yeah, sure, bro. This bomb is made out of the same shit. The Wolverines claws.

There's a closet my office that I slide open. And I cannot tell you. I must have 300 black T shirts from different bands and shit hands. I got every I mean, look at me. I got every protein powder and fuel and energy thing that you could come to shows and give me I got more GIS. Most jujitsu schools. Yeah. That's how many GIS are given to me. Yeah mailed to me. I have to mail them back. My wife says if I see one more fucking, I will throw that shit out. It's just amazing. albums. Because people know I like vinyl. I come home with vinyl every fucking week. Really? Some of it is fucking atrocious. Yeah, but some of it is fantastic. I listened to everything

you do? Do you have a hard time chucking out old shit?

I feel bad for people. I understand that they've worked for it. And I understand that. They went out of their way for it. But if I haven't seen Duncan in six months, and I got that bullish candle, it goes into God. Like once Duncan moved to New York, I grew up Duncan shit. I only saved mushrooms MDMA for archery. People come up to me and give me heavy drugs. Bring it back on the plane far because he's my brother. You know, what they come and get some guy gave about a month ago, gave me a book about stars. And well, Jesus when I looked he was the author that forced the better you offer that gets to everyone. That

guy gave me that book. And I showed it to you like how to be a real man wrote it. Yeah. One of his rules was be 40 be a real man. Just like the dumbest

we went over it on your pot. Yes. Right. Yeah, like that

guy for a long time. He gave that to like a bunch of us. We arrived in Hong Kong. And he was like, here's this book I wrote. And then we look at it as him on the cover and it's all glossy, and he's in it. He's like, looking off to the side.

That was when I first did your podcast. I think it was the first time I did it. Yeah. That was

how many years ago was that? That was probably what we started at seven years, but that was probably five years ago. Yeah,

I do get a lot of nice shit though. Oh, yeah, I do get a lot of

talking about one pipe to

the studio. Who made that thing? A kid in Cleveland. That thing is good.

I got I get great book sent to me. I mean, phenomenal money books. I'm reading one right now is the creepiest thing. The three lives of Jimmy Page from Led Zeppelin. Oh, and motherfucker traveled with a 14 year old girl never got charged with statutory rape really just traveled with him for years he's just a runaway on the on the tour like fucking crazy talk. Is that true? You know talking about his house in fucking in where he lived he bought it from Alex took it was Aleister Crowley's all ours, a 24 karat Warlock he was the devil in shape. He lived in his house. And you know for some people it was like a way to sell records. Not for those for those four were on to something magical. You know, they were magical nine out. But this book kind of like I got to put it down for two days at a time sometimes. Really? Yeah, he's a fucking nut. That's what's called the three live look at

the 10 while this Led Zeppelin led jazz rally shit.

Scroll this shit down. Joe Rogan.

He dated a 14 year old crazy man.

The truth. Maddox is amazing. Just 14 when she met Paige Paige did what he could to keep the relationship hidden. Oh, that's true. That's crazy. Wow. That's weird.

He was crazy. When they showed the little what they've shown after a Baby shark cup of shakes Percy. What's so

weird man like you If you could do that back then, right? Like you could do weird shit back then. Yeah, it makes you stop and think like what that is is like the just the beginning of the information age, right? Newspapers regularly distributed television shows on the news. All that stuff was only like a few decades old, when the 60s in the 70s rolled around. I mean, you really think about the timeline there. It's really kind of fascinating.

Do you ever think about the jump from in technology? From like, you know, like, you know, it's sites that there's no US Weekly there, right? So things kind of advance and now everything's monitored. And now, for instance, you can you can record a phone call, right, which is like, would be a difficult thing to do back then. Or you can have a recorder running on you? Do you ever think about how that lack, you know, the privacy goes away? And how, to some degree, we can't even conceive of it right now. But how easy it will be to record everything at some point. Like how it'll, you know, we joke, like it's in your watch, or it's in your glasses, but it will be like, yeah, you'll walk out of every conversation. And there'll be some, some form to document it. Yeah, it'd be a total loss.

There's gonna be, there's gonna be some changes. I don't necessarily agree. I'm not convinced, I should say, not agree. I'm not convinced they're going to be bad. To do that. Yeah. I just, I wonder like, what, what, what's gained through this kind of privacy? No, I'm not not talking about like privacy, like corporations, or the government being able to look into your life I'm talking about, we might get get to a position as human beings within our, our lifetime, where everybody looks into everything about everybody, everything, right? Finances, your day to day life, and actually seeing you everywhere you go, no matter what you do. Like we could get to a position where there's no disconnection from any of us, or we're all connected to each other. If this keeps going the way it goes, right? So it used to be everybody lived far apart. And you know, you had to ride a horse to get to the friend say hi, and talk to him. And hopefully, he's still alive. And he came back the next day. Yeah, but there was no communication, right? Then he got the phone calls, in as things have ramped up, and now it's in your phone. And now your phone's in your watch. And now your watch can tell you who's calling you and you can, you can look at your phone, I see the person Star Trek type shit already happening, right? Yeah. And it's getting deeper and deeper and deeper. People are streaming, live streaming, live streaming on Facebook, no matter what they do all day, there's a slew of people playing video games, live streaming, people are tuning in watching other people play video games. I mean, we're getting like deeper and deeper into this technological rabbit hole, where it becomes embedded in your life in a way that was unimaginable before was introduced. Same thing as cell phones, before cell phones weren't introduced. Who would have ever believed? If you told them that you were going to get to a point in human history, where it is totally common to see people staring at electronic screens, while they're all sitting together at a dinner table, that there could be five people sitting around, and they're not even talking to each other. They're just staring at this electronic screen. And that screen is compelling. You know it, I know it, I get drawn to it. You get drawn to it. Yeah, who knows, man might be some crazy news. Let me check Google real quick. You never know. You never know what weird shit has been happening in the world. And you get sucked into this. This thing is becoming a part of your life in a weird way that nobody anticipated. If it keeps going in the direction that it's going. It's going to get weirder in a way we never anticipated before. Where it's not going to be just as simple as put your phone down and go outside. It's gonna be your phone's a part of you. It's gonna happen. Your phone's almost a part of you now, if you have to have it. Like I am connected to this goddamn thing more than I touched my dog. Right total. I love my dog. But I touch that thing more than I touch my dog. It's weird. You want to pretend it's not a part of me, man. I could just put it right there. So he's right there on his right there. Don't go anywhere. I got you right here. That's basically a part of me. It's basically a part of me how long before I let them open me up? Stick maybe there's a spot in my armpit. I mean, us.

There's a great short about that. There's a great short film about his hair. Yes. What's it called? I don't I don't remember the name of it, but it ends up like under the guy's skin. Oh, it's gonna happen. It's I wish I

can stay away from this fucking thing. I charged in a different room at night. You know the iPad. I bought the right. No fucking Facebook, Twitter or nothing.

Neal Brennan tweet on an iPad.

I bought an iPad. Do you

have like one of those little keyboard things you connect to a case like that,

bro, it's changed my life. I used to have three hours of just Ship time of day that it's not enough to work out.

So what do you write in notes? Use the notes program. What

do you Yeah, I just write in fucking notes. And if I don't make the joke that night, I go back and add the tag really,

you know, it's real good if you ever try Evernote. Now Evernote is real good. I use pictures, all kinds of different things and blacking out everything else. No, no, that's a different thing. That's right room. But Evernote, you you if you write things like the things you want to remember, maybe before sets, you can write them down in Evernote, and then sync them from your iPad to your phone back and forth. It's really good. It's one that I use. I just

got this iPad Pro three weeks ago and it's changed my life. Yeah, that's it changed my life. I could give a fuck about Twitter, Facebook, nothing. When I go to that coffee shop to write, it's just that program. I have or everything else in there, but I haven't even program. I have the apps in there. I got my fitness plan in there. I got BJJ training, journaling. And that's it.

You know what I think about the internet man, I think about the internet like I think about foods that are sweet. Like you can have them as long as you don't have too much too much. Don't get crazy. That's That's how I feel about even going online. I think we're we're, we're getting to this weird point where we're just relinquishing our consciousness to this machine. relinquishing our consciousness, connection that we all enjoy. It's

not a consciousness. It's the consciousness. We're all sharing about a certain topic. We all have to interject on what we think about Charlottesville, or about Trump or stuff like that. Those days you get on Facebook and Twitter. And you're fucking sad. You get sad like you get sad for people. Yeah, okay. I make it a habit. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday is no reason to be on the internet. You have to stay away from it. There's no reason that the shows are sold out. Your family's at home. What what are you doing on them? This is my this is my cheeseburger. Yeah, I give a fuck. So on the weekends, I don't touch it. I forced myself. Don't touch it. For what? You have to have a life man. Yeah, we are forgetting that there's a life. You haven't go to a park and look at these fucking parents looking at their phones. You go to a park where your kid don't you? Yeah, I don't take my phone out of the car to park. There's no who's gonna call you. Your manager will tell you. They change your spot at the store. From 1015 to 1030. If you want your kid and your wife, you don't need your phone.

You really don't show you got to get in the floating man. How can we help float

because I smoked pot and I think they should on my own. Yeah, but it's different. That's why

it's not. It's not what you think it is. Yeah, but you'll be fine. Becky works

at the place in Pasadena. And we've been talking about a lot about it. I'm really scared about these little dabs of anxiety

that I get from Joe. It'd be fun, and it's good for your health.

No, I know it's good for my health. But when I go get good blood, like Yeah, data, good blood, no problem.

We'd make you more anxious or less anxious. smoothens that out? Okay, so

when it comes to certain things, I have to see a window. Like it's really weird right now there's not a window in it. I see that fucking door. Like when I walk up the steps at the original room. And I get anxiety when it comics on stage. It can be any it can be an open mic when I'm next. And I start getting this. This shortness of breath after turn around and look down the stairs at the Comedy Store just by me knowing that I could get out if shit goes down. I'm okay. So I don't think of fucking tubs got windows a floating tank. They seal that thing over you know they don't seal it's just kind of door. That's what I'm a little scared of. It's really I'm not claustrophobic either. I was in the South. Now that ship bothers me. I just got to see a window. Yeah, well

listen, it's really easy. Like when your mind is right there. You just lift your hand up and it's right there. The doors right there. No, we have stand up. You open the door. It's all in your head.

You know? Look what happened yesterday in Spain and Barcelona. What a fucking shame.

You can't connect terrorist attacks to isolation.

Well, let me ask you a question. Joe Rogan asked you a question my brother. Okay. You're an intelligent individual. You're an intelligent individual times to go Jamie you're not a fucking Phi Beta Kappa but Jamie will be the smartest guy in the red. No, I'm just teasing. Jamie how many people will looking down when they got hit by that car yesterday? Let's let's be honest, took that 65 People got hit. But

you know, little that's you know, people wander into the street. They start

paying attention as Americans. You cannot live in that fucking thing. No more. We cannot.

It's not smart. It's not smart to be walking around staring fucking but sometimes you have to look at it. You know, there's there's times where like, someone of course, sends you an address. You're meeting people there.

Then there's times you catch yourself you're like what am I doing?

What am I doing?

All three of us have children. Do we want our children to grow up on a fucking computer? Do we want them

both? They're going to grow up on computers, you're not going to

know I want them to grow up with computers, but I don't want that whole lifestyle to the other computer. I want them to go outside. I want them dirty. Yeah, I want them to have life experiences even if you know the only way you learn about life is sometimes by having a negative something negative happening. So true then these children that are like computer to the 18 and they send them away and they fucking fracture. Yeah, they fracture. It's a different time now for children guys, and we're parents it's a different time.

It's way different. It's different in a way that I don't think anybody's ever seen before so they don't know what the fuck to do. They don't

know what the fuck to do. Tom's gonna

pee ha ha look how slim he is. He looks beautiful, beautiful sex I

try and keep it as normal as I can. I try to keep it as normal as I can. I never want to forget who the fuck I am Joe Rogan volleyball and I don't want to forget it for my children you know, I don't want them Yeah, Dad. I was driving home. Okay, and I saw a little girl selling lemonade with her mom on the corner was 2000 degrees and Studio City. I plugged in my house I go inside and get my daughter and I get my wife Let's go buy some fucking lemonade from this kid. Alright, my daughter is going to kindergarten next year at a school that's like rated one of the highest schools but it's a public school approach kids go there a bunch of kids go there's no reason to put your kid in these Notre Dame's and all these $25,000 they want $34,000 A year for kindergarten. Why? Come on Joe Rogan what WoW is your child gonna benefit? Come on. We're all intelligent here. That's at $4,000 Monarch Notre Dame all those schools in the valley they want 30 G's to G registration form to sign the kid and really don't want to keep their kids they know that's not safe. It's so you can tell your friends that you kids fucking that school. That's with a little bit of sighs that's a nice hold on. My kids attend. And you're like, Oh my God, and you kidnapped him to be a fucking dummy. Because he's in school with other rich people's fucking kids. And they're all fucking dummies to you know, they're getting raised by fucking nannies. I don't want that. I don't I go to the park. How many fucking white kids do you see what Mexican women ain't that a fucking shame. These Mexican women are adopted white kids. That's fucked up. That's why they didn't want Trump to build a wall because we have to raise their own fucking kids. That's why these white people didn't want Mexicans to come in California was gonna raise their fucking kids. She's got a swimming pool. I go to swimming class Tuesdays and Thursdays with my daughter jumping. There's no more white parents who take kids. Their nannies are in the fucking YMCA with their kids. When your kid grows up, and he's what's his name? My govil Napa lo Mileena. Yes, well, he's one of those. Don't come crying to me. Don't come crying to me. Jason. The pacifier was six. I was raised to be a little cocksucker. But I snapped out of it. Someone told me when my father died. I wanted I was one of those little boys. You see what that mom holding on to that leg? No, go I was one of those little fucking faggy kids. Okay, I suck the pacifier to the age of six.

Oh my god. Okay.

I had potential to be one thing. One fucking thing. You understand me? But my mother would not allow that shit to happen. Don't Latin mothers don't play that shit. Yeah, I'm saying Oh, yeah, Latin mothers do not allow this shit. I couldn't wear scarves. You know, it was a lot the West

wanted to wear a scarf like a Snoopy scarf. Or like, like, you know, like

like I was gonna go fly a plane scarf

or what's it like one of those Randy Couture scarves? Which although I wouldn't wear I think on him is quite fetching. No,

no scarves? No.

He will see the Randy Couture scarf. No. Yeah. Randy Couture will wear what I would call it tactical scarf.

Oh like that. Yes. He

does the kind of scarf that like a Navy SEAL would wear. Yeah. Randy wears a bunch of those things. But Randy's such a bad motherfucker. It's almost like he's begging you to try to choke him. Yeah, man. Come Come try to grab that thing. Yeah, I just leave.

That should be the name of that album right there. That should be his album cover.

I'm trying to grab a scarf. Scarf

but crazy. Such a nice guy

already. coachable? Yeah. Anything you know what?

And his kid his kid came to my show in Vegas and also has like a gym that coolest, coolest kid man like him and his wife. I think both teach there too. Oh, wow. Nice.

His son his son is Yeah. I think he was fighting in the World Series of fighting which is now now as a new name but yeah, he fought for a bunch of different people right did he fight for StrikeForce and I think he might have fought for Bellator Ryan couture talented fighter a

while we're at it don't forget to remind you has fucking Gino giving you the CBD rolawn yet yes. What do you think it's

amazing how does that even work is that Voodoo

Doll yeah not I came home I

scored like a cream you rub it on like spots?

My wife moves my fucking back really good out of the shower. Done.

It gets in weird spots

yeah done

it's a must have some sort of anti inflammatory properties or something like that. Do you like that tie Lindemann? Anybody ever wrote that stuff on you know, I never know like ties like Thai boxers and shit. They're like your you gotta realize we're always dealing with like bones slamming into their legs and they're all sore and shit. And they rub this like tie Lynam it. It's weird. We like heels Valley stuff. I don't think it heals a man but it makes sure it feels good.

What's the one that gives us a chance that's

a similar one Tiger Balm, like that guy should

have another thing. It's called something juice. And when I was a kid, I used to have the Iron Palm bag. And I would rub that on my hands and do the ion pump technique and shit with that it's called something that has a weird smell to it. What does this

stuff do? Like when when when that stuff like heats your skin up? And you're like, Oh, God, like Icy Hot like that kind of shit. What does that really doing?

I have no idea. I think he's just tricking you into thinking so I'm not Yeah, I don't think it really is

someone who's a friend of mine as a doctor describes it as a topical analgesic. Meaning that it does something to surface your skin, but maybe is it psychological that makes it feel like it's healing up? Like when you have a muscle soreness or something like that. You have a degree a wound. Yeah, little injury,

because there's a psychology, psychological aspect to that heat stuff. I feel like you think you're getting work done. You know,

there's probably a psychological aspect to healing in general. Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's 100%. But I think you could sway it in a better direction. Yeah. You know, I mean, like, that's kind of what the placebo effect is, right? They tell you, they're gonna give you a pill. And it's gonna make you feel better. You're like, oh, this is it. This is the thing they gave me. They gave me the pill, and you actually do feel better and even show signs of recovery? Like, immediately corresponding to you taking that pill, like your brain has convinced yourself What about

that? Dude you've had on the podcast whose brain is like a fucking healing serum?

Who can wow Wim Hof. Yeah. Wim Hof. Oh, yeah, dude, he's,

I mean, he trains people. He teaches people how to

do it. He's as legit as they get. He holds the world record for swimming under ice ice. Yes. And by the way, he fucked up and couldn't figure out which way to get out. Because his retinas had frozen over. Because the water was so cold. How does he do this? He's an animal. He's a fucking savage. That guy in the most beautiful sense of the word. He just has incredible breath control. That's a big part of like, his whole entire philosophy. So the guy's following this rope. Right? Once he's committed to it, by the way, like, he's just got these little spots along the way, where he can get some air, but he lost track, he couldn't see good anymore, because it was so goddamn cold. He couldn't figure out where the exit is. So he went more than the full distance. That was his goal in the first place. Which was insane. All of it's insane. Fucking A man. I mean, that guy something special.

He teaches people which is the crazier part even to me that he's he's gotten people train them to swim in like freezing water. Oh, yeah. Walk through ice and also fight off a cold.

Yes, yes. Fuck me. I use his breathing technique before go on stage. And when I do I have better shows. This is what I think I think you'd like kind of hyper oxygenate and stimulate your mind. How's

the filmmaker breathing?

Well, it's a lot of what he does that I find beneficial is like, and I've heard this concept in yoga before too, is breathing in like took a giant breath and letting it out. Excuse me, letting on about 20%. And then breathing in again, as hard as you can letting out about 20% breathing in as hard as you can and then continue that for like long periods of time. Dude, I do that in the cryo tank where I stand in the cold air. Three minutes goes by like that. There's a giant difference between when I do that, and when I don't do that. So you focus on your breathing. It's a little bit of that. Definitely. There's there's something about people that are encountering any sort of stimulation where it's real hard to manage the stimulation without letting everything get fucking crazy and haywire. Yeah. And being able to manage it has a gigantic effect on what the actual results are. The actual experience of being this cold is Yeah, because it gets the same guy Damn thing. But if you can control your breath and control your consciousness, and you're doing something that seems to be heating up your body to and a little bit of a way, almost like an internal exercise, because it's difficult to do, because you're taking these big giant breaths of cold air, and then you're letting out a little. And then you take in a big giant breath. It's almost like you're flexing your lungs. Yeah. And when you do that, man, I mean, it might make it 20 30% easier to deal with three minutes, supposedly, I'm not kidding, one of the Olympics.

I don't know what year it is, if you'd like to check whether the Russians beat the fuck out of the Americans. Suppose the Americans came out, walking out, you know, the flag, and the Russians all came out going? Cool, cool. Hello. And they couldn't figure out what the fuck is wrong with these motherfuckers. That's what they were doing. They warm up their lungs, they looked back to think about what they're about to do, the technique they're about to use, and to let the blood go to the back something fun. And I read about that was pretty interesting. Whether it's true or not, I don't know. But supposedly, that cardio was so ahead of the United States, because they were doing a pre

reading exercise

to do now is that the guy that also has the record for the deepest drop?

I think it's a different guy.

That's a different guy. That's a different guy. He's the one that I wrote that I read about. He's the one that wrote about that how you have to prepare for all that stuff. And that was learned when the Russians came out. And the

it's interesting to focus on your breath like I don't do it much I do it actually been doing Pilates. And it's way fucking a harder than I thought it was gonna be. But be like you're thinking about your breath for like an hour. Basically. You're always you're always working on your breath. There's

it's not. It's not a secret that like the greatest jujitsu guy of all time. Had this crazy breath control. Really Hickson Gracie? He had there's a bunch of videos of him. He received the documentary choke. You've heard of it? No. It's an amazing documentary about this guy Hickson Gracie who's almost universally regarded as the greatest jujitsu player of all time. Yeah, and fought a bunch of fights and MMA and strangled everybody fought. But he there's this video where he's doing this yoga, warm up sort of thing that he would do every day. And he does this thing with his stomach that you watch him do this. And he starts warming his stomach up. He's doing this like fire breathing shit. But then he starts sucking his stomach into like the upper corners of his ribcage, like rhythmically in this like, almost impossible thing like and you're watching him doing it. Like he's warming everything up. And then once he gets it warmed up, he starts wiggling the internals. But look at this man, who the fuck has that kind of control of your abdominal muscles.

This guy would do this. Like every time he trained.

He did it all the time. Did it constantly. He did this. He did yoga, constantly gymnastics. He did a type of yoga called gymnastic unnatural, which is a Brazilian sort of a combination of yoga. And a lot of like movements like rolling and animal like movements, natural movements. Amazing stuff. See if you could find the guy who created that gymnastic natural. So you give the guy credit because it's a really amazing style. Yes. So

are into gymnastic as a couple of Brazilian guy teaching that's

actually so much more badass and it's given credit for Jiu Jitsu. No, no, I'm talking about like gymnasts sheerness for sure. Or even like yoga masters. Their physical ability is so beyond. I think most people's perception of it when they first you know, think about it like Yeah. Fucking psychos man, Professor

Alvarado Romano is the guy who created gymnastic unnatural. And that was Hickson thing. And there's videos of him doing it. Doing it on the beach. There's a video of Hickson doing it and you watch the movement and you go oh, this is almost like he's having like, it's almost like shadow fighting with jujitsu. Because you're being able to put your body in these weird positions over and over and over again to balance yourself and control. It's all about just controlling your body in any weird way that you could possibly encounter a position where you'd have to be strong. Yeah, wild shit because he was way ahead of the curve man. There was everybody back then was doing Mexican supplements and deadlifts and bench pressing and fucking you know, running over each other and training camp, beating the shit out of each other. And Hickson was just strangling people. Yeah, no, it's really fascinating thing when you stop and think about it that this one guy was the best and so far ahead of the curve and so few people, even people that really got into jujitsu saw. Well first of all, he had amazing talent. His dad was alien, Gracie. Those are two giant factors, but also the way he trained and the way he controlled his breath. And his own son crown. Gracie was one world champion, one of the best rappers in the world can do all that stuff to has massive breath control, and he'll tell you, it's all about your breath. Being able to control your breath is a massive part of your anxiety levels. It's a massive part of how you can deal with stress. How you can calm yourself down. You have control and power over your lungs. What is this dude doing? Oh, this is he's out there in the jungle. This that guy's actually doing it in the jungle. zakhary does a lot of that stuff. We

all breathe naturally. When like if you look at your children, their breathing the way that we're supposed to breathe. Yeah, somewhere with 10 or 12 will become a teenager. Yeah, we go off. Like my breathing was complete. I went to seminars. I when I went to did you really? When I went to jujitsu? I created so much fear in my mind from being on my back. That I would immediately run outside and take my gear off and pee my pants. And people would quit. Like I just pee a little bit of my shorts. Most people with a quit. I don't like that feeling. Yeah, so I kept calling back and I wouldn't improve. I wouldn't improve because of my car. Yeah, I've been smoking joints for 30 years. Yeah, I'm a fat fuck yeah. It was that I had a build like I had to get boss rutan's mouthpiece to build my diaphragm. To suck I had no therapy all this because of jujitsu. Legit boss routing thing is legit. When I hit the bag, I use the bathroom thing. Yeah,

I think what they're saying is the best way to use is just use it as an exercises exercise, use it use it as an exercise. So let's do a few things with it and just blow some air out with it. Like

really good. It's really helped me. But that's how much I've learned about like I now I don't have as much anxiety. I breathe it out it really fucking so I've done a lot of reading about it. But that guy's article but the guy that dipped the longest. His was the most interesting. I didn't know about this. The fuck ice and shit. But it's true, man once you now I'm rolling. And now I pull God all the time just to be on my back. I want to be faithful. Yeah. So I just could I just look back. Whenever I have a problem. I do a thing called hula hula boo that the Indians did hula where you look hookah hookah Lu something like that. Oh, hook allow hook allow where you look up. And you center again. Yeah. That's helped me become a better comic. Sometimes you're up there talking shit. Just center yourself. And all these little things I learned because I joined jiu jitsu like my breathing. I focus on it. When I roll now. I don't care about hands. No one would care if you choke me. I really don't give a fuck. I'm horrible. Anyway, I'm just I'm just learning to breathe all over. So yeah, you know, I'm just learning to breathe. You know? You know I was grabbing you and trying to go for a cross collar and then fucking like doing something completely different for a scissor sweep. And somebody's like, Joe, you got to exhale rather chilly. Do

you do you do yoga for jujitsu? Don't they have a class? Down at schools? Yeah,

we do. I go early. What's

the name of the actual

The thing is called tack fit. But I go to yoga with my wife once a week we just go to she goes what times? I just go with the Tuesday one just to loosen up from 10 to 11 I'm not that good at it. My best fit is our friends taxes are Scott zone and lousy which dag allows you who you did the podcast with me. I fucking have a tremendous workshop this wreck a nine to five. But shit Saturday and Sunday. What are they teaching you kettlebells meets club bells with galamsey and how it affects jujitsu and MMA and stuff like that. So last week, I got to meet Scott Simon. And boy, he's fucking great.

He's got a lot of great stuff about bells. Yes, great videos.

I'm up to the 20 pounds from Harbor. Yeah, I started when I first got the club belt from Aubrey. My wrist was hurting with five pounds. I couldn't even do the simple five pound one. Now I'm taking 20 He's holding them going all the way back. Oh, bringing them back and it's all focused on my back and breathing. That's it. I just need to shift to breathe now. I don't know if I get beat up. Because that's what was really bothering me. Yeah, breathing. Maybe getting better at it. Yeah, but now I'm getting better at it plus a sleep apnea had put a lot of fear. So being on my back and being out of breath, the sleep apnea would kick in again. Got Ryan, you know, so

there were two of those shield casts. What's that? Remember the Iron Sheik? Remember the Iron Sheik used to hold up those gigantic Iranian clubs yeah that they would use for wrestling training. It's like it was a really strong move for wrestling training see if he could find what with the Iron Sheik because he was like the Iron Sheik people that don't know he was a pro wrestler in the WWE was WWF back then. And you know, he was before he was that he was a super successful Iranian amateur wrestler like he was a legit wrestler, like legit wrestling skills, and ridiculously strong. And he's holding these things. I don't know how much these things weigh, but they, it doesn't look like he's faking this because of the slow motion of how he's moving it. They look like heavy objects. I don't know how much they weigh. But this is a really hard workout to do. You know, I can barely do that shit with like, 15 pounds. I'm not bullshitting with one hand. It's hard. It's a weird control thing. And you realize like, how you're strong in certain areas. Those

are definitely heavy as fuck heavy as fuck yeah,

you're strong in certain areas. Like that guy's super jacked. Who is that?

Precious call. It's

got beautiful anywhere. But it's, it's a very difficult thing because you could be really strong when it comes to like a straight shoulder press. You know, like, you can like hoist up like 70 pounds, but there's no fucking way in the world. You're going to be moving around 70 pounds. You're just you just can't do it. Yeah, your arms gonna fall off. Like if you have especially if you have it in the form of a club. Like you can't even get close. Like I can do a lot of shit with heavy kettlebells. But when it comes to like one of those clubs, I take two hands to move around a 30 pound one right? Which is correct like if someone says like 30 pounds like, do you benchpress 30 pounds, bro, that's all we got here. 30 pounds, bro. Yeah, this is gonna get a pop. Doing something with one of these clubs. That's 30 pounds is fucking insane. You have to be so goddamn strong. And that sounds weird. Because it seems like well 30 pounds 30 pounds. But when you start swinging that shit over your head and it's long and so like the leverage is going against you look at him. Yeah, go fucking bulldozer. He was a bulldozer.

This is the guy that's on Twitter calling everybody.

Nazis I retweeted him the other day about Nazis. I love him. I was on stage with him and Toronto is one of my favorite moments as a human

con people just bronies Yeah, I

called everybody fucking hated everybody. He's a good man though. And he was a stud wrestler. But there's that's the dark secret of not just professional wrestling but of just real high real high level grappling. Like the damage that gets done to a lot of those guys bodies is almost unfixable and he's all fucked up. Now. He's got you know,

Ric Flair is like, not in a coma but in like ICU like last four or five days?

Yeah, I heard about that. And how old is Ric Flair?

60s? Maybe? Yeah,

you know, um, they pay a price they pay a price to entertain in that way. It's very, very physically violent. You just because it's not, quote unquote, a real fight whereas like there's an unplanned outcome and they're just throwing haymakers at each other like a real MMA fight just because it's not that doesn't mean that they're not taking in a lot of downtime they get hit with those fucking forearm shivers and dropped a fucking cheer on them like all that shit is fucking them up a lot of them have brain damage to a lot of I'm sure there's no there's no studies on it but I'm sure yeah, the enemy I'm sure some of them avoided it. You know, some of them fought smart and what

does he say? Well, there's that boy saying your song. I thought it was Halloween. Which drop a motherfucking bees Island

ghetto boys yeah

what was that like?

Oh my god, I haven't heard that and so long What song is that? Oh is the Halloween song right?

We've been checking up the place let's

face chicks on Yeah, that's it

this wasn't no more Nari was seven feet with whatever we triple team dot him dropping them motherfucking beat the more I do with the more I swung the more blood flow. Then he disappeared and then my boys disappeared

wow that's a classic man. Oh my god.

Bushwick Bill ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, remember the fucking the cover of ghetto boy C D? is Bushwick bill with his I shot out in a fucking nut not even this one. It's another one in the gurney right at the hospital. And it's like, we can't be stopped is the name of the album. He got shot. So hilarious, man. I think he shot himself in the eye. I don't even know what the fuck happened. Someone shot him in the eye. And he's like, we can't be stopped. Yeah, he's in the gurney. Like, look at this. Oh, yeah, right. Damn. Yeah. So he's on the phone. He's got one of them bricks. He's got one of them brick cell phones from the olden days from back in the Gordon Gekko days, guys, I'm playing games. And so he got shot in the eye. And while that's happening, he's on the phone doing deals. doing deals. Still doing deals

was the cost and money. Like as they were pushing this uh, well why don't we take pictures? We could put this Yo yo yo, we gotta take a picture. Let me take

let me take this bandage up very quick. Oh my god, man. Yeah, the who's the midget? That's that's horrible nomenclature, sir. I don't think you'll

think because John Wesley. John Wesley saw him fucking change in the flat ones in Houston. Really? And he pulled over to help Bushwick Bill was How cool was that? Bushwick bill.

I met with a show once it came to a show. Yeah,

it's got one of my favorite quotes all time you got to let a hole be a hoe

it's totally he's totally right.

And really didn't shoot his eye. Oh really did? Oh, yeah. That wasn't a publicity stunt. Look at that. That's crazy.

Men that face walking up to you. They were like at a store and just be like I'm a celebrity. Oh my god. Fucking ice shout out. They were

fucking huge at one time ghetto boys for sure. True life now that you we can't be stopped. We can't be stopped as a big fucking album.

They were huge. No, yeah.

I used to listen to them when I was on the tread master. Fucking Stairmaster things whatever the fuck it is. Rap

a lot. Right? Isn't that the Houston? Label? Wasn't that rap a lot. They put us on the map.

Yeah, rap a lot. That's exactly what it was. That's right.

The white dude with the teeth.

Oh, Paul Wall. Yeah, I think he's still he still makes teeth. Does he make grills Yeah, yeah.

Makes Joe you should get Paul.

We should all get grill. That's

a good idea. For real. That's a great Christmas and death squad. Let's fucking do it. Will you do it? Please? Please do it.

How many teeth? How many teeth was

just get a Roman let's just do well not like one leg tops or bottoms? We

go to Paul, for sure. Oh,

what's up Joe Rogan 1000 I forgot your lips. No, it's fine, man.

What if it gets hooked up on your wife's puzzle?

That's That's cool, too, because diamonds should be cool with it.

Gotta yank it out of there.

I'm not sure is it for the denture grilles? How much denture girls let's see. That was what's the cost on that? There you go.

Those are the ones you slide right off at? Diamond grill. Rice. What about people that want to be diamond? 2400 Whoa, that's not bad. No. $2,400 for

two jewelry in your teeth.

Just to let everybody know you're not playing by any. You're definitely right. If you meet a dude, and he's a number of gold teeth. Like the number of gold teeth. He has direct proportion as to whether or not he's a pirate, dude. Shoot

your next special wearing these motherfuckers let people know what time it is man. I'm serious. JR II and then put the name of the special on the bottom. I

need a hype man. I've been thinking of calling you on this. I would love to figure out like what's what's my best strategy trying to hype out the word.

You know what I would do? As soon as you hit like a big punch line. I will go and that was fucking funny. To get them wrapped up

in John, when he makes a huge just showing up and going yeah. Yeah, like 50 grand the fucking. I'm

sure man. Well, what's the day's pay was like Paris Hilton was like one of the biggest things that she had was like those nightclub appearances. She'd go in there. Just pay our girl. Rent the money. Yeah, just just show up. Hey, Rosemary. When I was

in Orlando, gave her some guy gave her a club. It was called like club Paris. Oh, everyone was supposed to come show up and like cuz she was supposed to be there every weekend. Right? She's not going to Orlando every weekend, obviously. So it was that the idea that he had how coked up? Are you going in business with Paris Hilton? I gotta Yeah. I'm gonna give her a clap.

Cool. This year, you see the connection?

If you're if you're hearing this guy who made that deal. I'm sorry. I'm just joking around. I don't really think

that one day we're fucking that hot. Like, we first go into the comments to a sunset. When you hit Laurel Canyon, it was bumper to bumper traffic. Right? Okay, it was bumper to bumper traffic. I remember getting a ticket one time because I had my spot was up. I just wanted the middle lane. There was a cop right there fucking Whateley by the standard. You know, that was one hell. And what's the other chick that was getting in trouble? Lindsay Lohan. Yeah, they were out every fucking nice true cause and prom and then Lindsay Lohan went to the griddle before court one day, she went to that place that we went to the breakfast place. Yeah,

good place.

That was it after that the griddle was packed for fucking months after that because people found out Lindsay was only going there for breakfast every morning.

They had those crazy pancakes right it's like still get pancakes. I mean, but I'm saying that it's like 18 pancakes on Monday like there's your pancake nuts kill you they'll kill

you kill your coffee like 15 years ago that was Oh yeah, they were 15 fucking years ago stuff

yeah friend Yeah 15 years ago they had coffee from like Hawaii there Yeah,

they were doing a good job there. I just don't like weight on life eggs, bro. I'm anti weight not one I'm on

a man so I'm waiting in line matrix. period for restaurant I mean when something kind of reasonable fine obviously it's like your table. You know the table used to hang out but when they're like this place is awesome. Just hour and a half.

Like have you ever done Franklin's barbecue in Austin comes

up every time I'm not staying in line. I'm not paying $8 An hour get more fucking help. And come on get more fucking waitresses. The Watson hamburger place they do it. Yeah, they got people out there I don't like I think it's just ways to be cool. Some people sit there for eight bucks an hour for Yari likes that shit does sitting there. Listen, nothing. I don't want to wait for nuttin. When I go to breakfast in Hollywood. I gotta go to doctor. Yeah, I stopped by the griddle first. Yeah. Why is it still nuts? There? It's still a little line. Yeah, but if they give me any drama, there's a bagel place across the street. That's tremendous. Yeah, to get a nice clean Turkey Bobby that make fresh front of Turkey and pull on your bagel Bobby. A bucket around Jack the

best wizard job and all Hollywood is pinks. Yeah, it's the worst day they are good for damned wizard. Terrific. I

remember horrific coming like moving here. And you'd like to hit that

spot? Line. You get one of those hot dogs on the hot dog. You're in the hot dogs.

No, actually. It's like you actually wired into it. And you're like, This is amazing. And then what then you take then you take another bite. You're like no, I just, I just hate myself on it.

But listen, fuck us. That place is crowded every goddamn night. Every day is something smart about cooking outdoors to having that open window. We'll see walked by. You can see them cooking the hotdogs. I

went in there and the buns were pink. The buns were yellow. The chili was god awful. You know what the problem is? God awful.

The real problem for me is always going to be that I've had real New York hotdogs snap when you bite them at bread. You know there's those type of hot dogs that they were making. The buns were perfect that

runs go so far with burgers do amazing things.

But there's something about when you snap into one of those and you taste that real fresh, real delicious hot dog tasted a regular bullshit hotdogs. They just don't fly anymore.

Like Dodger Stadium. Those are the worst hotdogs you'll ever

know Adam Carolla is in some sort of a beef with fans about that.

It's a hot dogs. It's got it's like you read don't we have American Airlines? You think you're poisoning yourself? Every time I get the oatmeal from America and I'm like, am I fucking poison? Those dodgy dogs are so fucking bad. They're horrible. I don't give a fuck what anybody says. When I was in school from junior year.

What's that word? excoriates? He excoriates the Dodger dog implores rams to serve better beef. What is that word? Have you ever seen that word? Wow. Whoever you are Word Wizard of Google.

My junior year in high school. Mr. Hildebrand took us to the fucking sat Brett place just to take us take us through a little walk. You know, because what his job was to do is to every month to show us different career opportunities. And we went to this this hot dog thing I don't like we had take a bus down there. Have you ever seen that? No. Okay. So there's four Puerto Ricans that brooms, and they got yellow suits on and they got those boots on. Okay. And there's a fucking you know, when you work on a construction site, and you throw the sheet rock in the tube, and the tube goes down to the first floor into the dumpster. Okay. So it's a tube like that. And then there's this for Puerto Ricans were brewing and then six Puerto Ricans with bags of 80 pound and 90 pound salt. This is back in 1980. Okay, you know, 90 pounds, and there's pallets of 90 pounds. And every once in a while the light turns red. And this thing, just body parts start falling. Heads, shoulders, eyeballs, you just see it And then these guys are the Puerto Ricans break bags of salt and put them on this ship. That's folly. Like it's not stopped, bam. And these guys sweep that into a fucking hole. And that's how the hot dog gets, but it's everything. It's the leg the hoof beyond, you know what you think what happens to a leg? When somebody gets into a car. So the four or five, we think happens to the leg. You think they take it home? Fuck no. They call home? Well, first, they go home. Well, we got a black leg for you. It's about 300 pounds. I will call you back in five minutes, then they call White Castle isn't the real deal for you. Then they hang up with him. And they and they call it steak comes and they send that Lego? What do you think they're gonna do with that big fucking leg? That weighs 300 pounds? You think they just put that leg away? Fuck no, that's a tweet.

Could you imagine if they found out that people were were grinding up people they found the morgue.

Imagine if that was true. The male was killing people. And he had a friend at a supermarket that owed him money. So at night he go kill him in the supermarket and put him in the meat grinder. And the next day people come in and put that meat. What the fuck were you eating? What do you think was leftover in that buck? Yeah, he ground leftover in the Yeah, for a couple of couple of his murders. He had a guy that on the money for Shylock.

He was like, it wasn't even draining people training people training

them upside down and training people. The other guy from the Gambia and I was holding the chain of supermarkets. That was guy from the game. The other guy from the Gambian owned great web Great. White auto immune Queens is shit. They have those people that balance your ties and shit. Oh, no. Well,

that's not intelligent businesses. That was a good way to declare income.

The other guy had the guy that the heavy guy caught the uh, something that guy was a known heroin dealer. He was on the board of director of news bombs of a supermarket. Let me say what this motherfucker did. They had about 30 restaurants at about 30 supermarkets in a Jersey area. And one day, he just called local 202 carpenters and said Do me a favor, go to every supermarket and add an aisle. So every supermarket had an aisle that whatever they took, went directly to the mom, bow. So they had 13 supermarkets were like, aisle number five, wasn't really on number five, nobody knew about number five. So whatever was bought in that aisle, that cash went upstairs for 13 supermarkets on a daily basis. They would just go into a supermarket and add two lanes go we don't even don't worry about those two lanes. Wow, how fucking bizarre is that? Yeah, yeah.

Just it's crazy that the FBI, and all the people, various law enforcement organizations figured out a way to crack that and break it down. They

cracked it after they made 10 million. Then they cracked it, you know lives in Studio City Bell, who I just met him at this coffee shop about three months ago. I talk to him all the time. And I'm about to second loose on people. Sick and loose on people who the last Godfather in this country was a guy by the name of Joe something big fat guy. He came out and he may never be shut down. He was fucking genius. Joe came out of jail. When everybody shut the social clubs. Everybody had to have a job. Everybody had to have a job. No drugs. Everybody stuck to it. They were doing phenomenal. He was doing phenomenal Joe Messina. But somebody was shaking down a restaurant and he went in there. And they were giving him 20,000 A week for security. So they couldn't figure out how to get Massino because he wasn't doing anything outside. And they got this forensic accountant to go in there and they shut down tomorrow. This guy well, this guy retired. Lives in fucking Studio City. We would talk on the one day goes for 1000 bucks. Somebody gives you a hard time. You have the right to go in there. And look at the books. He goes don't bring no he's fucking white. It is from Hollywood. Bring me because I'll find everything in there. Plus, I'm making a deal if they don't pay you. I call my friends at the fucking IRS. And I will have him here within a day looking for you as well. So we're ready to sick motherfuckers I got one guy. I'm ready to stick them on. He keeps telling me oh, we haven't made the money. Keep it up. Keep it up because I'm gonna stick this little fucker. And this guy is one of those. He's not even Jewish. He's just crazy and white. But for 1000 bucks, he'll go in and he was the same guy that brought down 1000s of people for the FBI. When they can't figure it out. Forensic fucking counting. You're done the math better add up Jack. Jesus Christ. Oh. So anybody who gives you guys a hard time we don't know we haven't sold a lot of them. 1000 bucks, and he'll go When that he's fucking when you look at him, he's one of those white dudes that did 30 years in the Marines that he's pretty serious. He goes out, rip them fucking open for you. I'll find every dime and then I'll make them an offer. They can't refuse that they got three days to give you a check for the unknown whatever. Or we contact our bodies and the IRS now have more than 24 hours to look in your household until they find something.

Is that true? Can you really do that? Whatever the fuck you call the IRS and go hey, man, watch,

ask or ask or wait till you see the end of the year. Wait, wait till all these people who've been talking shit about Trump. You think Kathy Griffin's not gonna get harassed and anybody else you watch? I don't trust Trump when it comes to something like that. I'm not saying he's a bad dude or anything like that. What I'm saying is Trump's one of those dudes you really don't want to mess with? I believe that. I believe that if people want to put pressure on you, they could get you to the IRS. I think agencies have been doing it for years. I shouldn't even what

did you guys think of this Charlottesville stuff? And his reaction to it?

I think he's just a big failure, man. I mean,

what was what did you feel like,

he fumbled on and what I thought was like two levels, like so there's the there's the leadership, like presidential level, right? Where you go, like, this is the office that we look to. And then there's like the person. So I think he's, it's weird how he makes you know, everything is about him. And he even started one of those press conferences, and it went into like, how the economy's doing so like, I think it's hard to view that dude, morally, as somebody that you're, I don't know, you that you would enjoy being around as a person. And then I get I actually I get what he was trying to do. I do too, with his criticizing and Tifa itself, like I you know, I get it, but like, it's the lack of savviness is even maybe more like, in that knowing, like, this is a time where you do this and not that that's also something you're like, wow, like, he just just feels like it's he's totally unfit for the job in my opinion. Well,

I also feel like when you're the when you're the president, the workload must be impossible to imagine before you get in there. And then once you get in there, you're dealing with all these pressures, all these super important decisions and all these different areas and then some new shit comes up I

really think I'm not even saying this as critical of like I don't like him. I really think he is and the only a few other people can experience this is truly like holy shit with what this job entails.

I think so too.

I think it's really like one of those things where he's like, wow, and you can see that he's constantly like he always referred to the campaign still always yeah any conversation we'll talk about like I beat those guys and and yeah, because I think that's the part that he enjoyed he enjoyed the competition all days of the campaign and I think like and then you know, he's always bringing up like the new like, but the dad was setting records for for months and months and months but like he'll still you know, tweets will be about that or interviews be about that he can't not make a conversation a statement with I think talking probably is

a connection though between the doubt being up and him being in office and people think that he's friendly business

markets love it. There's definitely no doubt about that. But there's also no doubt that unemployment was at record lows and setting records before Yeah, and the Dow has been breaking has been on an upswing for years now. Isn't

that how it always is like presidents always come in and take advantage of the upward like there's like of course, he's not the first highly predictable right but the economy does come in these ebbs and flows. It does

come in as it flows in the market inevitably at least in the history of it always comes back always comes back you know if you even if you stayed through like Black Monday if you the market still eventually comes back.

I'm too stupid to understand that I'm too stupid to get the market you know you're not No no, I mean, I am in the sense that I'm not really interested in pursuing those lines of thought I get that that's different. My brain is just like yeah, this seems like a pot of shit to me. I gotta get out of here.

Guys you gotta gotta believe this. I don't know anything that happened. A stock market strange. I know some white supremacist somebody showed Oh shot right I don't pay attention yeah had a disconnect myself. I don't watch world my you all that

happened. Let me tell you what these guys were

doing through Photoshop. Yeah, they finished what

is that spray that makes everybody gay that they put on frogs. They're now using a J Crew like, you know, like Abercrombie and Fitch does? Yeah. As you walk in and they hit you with that that gay frog spray. You know I'm talking about No, it makes you gay. So a bunch of dudes got crazy tattooed swastika on themselves took their shirt. They're all walking around with citronella candles that they got from like a hardware store and that was the stupidest part of it all. That can't. They had like torches. They're walking down the street with like, Come Aren't you you guys are walking around with lawn torches and purses

and even make the Frankenstein one where you get the gas and run and chase.
