Merry Christmas ladies and gentlemen.

Merry Christmas. It's fucking on you understand me it's Christmas Eve. You thought it was gonna be ho hum Fuck you, Uncle Joey Joe Rogan here fucking live Christmas Eve. Talking about bugs in your house and how easy it is for the feds. They

don't need to bug your house anymore. They just use your phone. They just turn them on. Jamie. Tom, tell them what you were telling me about that? The air pods?

Oh yeah,

there's a there's a new setting on the new operating system where your air pods you turn on this thing called Live listen. And it's listening to the microphone on your iPhone. So you can leave your phone in a room walk out, you can use just made your own bug. But that means that anybody that can access your phone could probably also listen if they have access to that. I don't know how it's

already said like if you talk to anybody that knows what's possible with electronics. They can already turn your microphone on anytime they want. Bro,

when I was a kid, I grew up in that bookmaking shit. And there was certain bookmakers that wouldn't talk in a room that there was a phone in the room, smart ones in the 70s not talking on the phone. But if there was a phone in the room, they would leave the room. Yeah, that's nice. And all these guys are super paranoid. They were 30 years ahead of their time.

Well, you remember how they got Vincent Chin, they started bugging cars along the way where he would walk. He would walk with his bathrobe like he was crazy. And he would give everybody instructions. And he would do it on his walk. So he couldn't get bugged anywhere. So they started bugging the cars along his walk route. That's how they got him and

they get you at the mic. Yeah. Problem, while the same microphone they use in the NFL. When you hear all those tackles and grunts in the old days they had I don't know that the parabolic mic takes vibrations from glass. Yeah. So I could just point this laser at your glass with speakers on and they'll take whatever you're saying in a room and bounce it off the glass. I've heard there's a fucking Yes. So by now it's world class

they can do well, they're listening to everything. Everything, anything and everything like

on a bathroom on a plane. You have to assume they're watching it. Like I used to go in and do blast a coke. I would always pull my pants down. Go through the whole process. Like I was shitting that wasn't really shitting I just always thought there was a camera that Well, you probably been correct. I've heard things that are just hard about Vegas in the 80s they had cameras in rooms

Vegas in the 80s was all my Vegas

in the bathrooms have cameras so as long as you do a blast, you come out within 10 minutes the cops around you.

When did they? When did the mob like officially get out of Vegas like with a mob is

still in Vegas? Just short spurts? It's crazy. I was in New York last week. And I realized how much construction was going on. And I thought to myself, how much of that is the mob still getting they had attacks for years 2% So fits a $300 million job do the math on that you make a big chunk on that construct, you know, didn't get rich because the construction business is huge. And you got to New York, you know? I can't give you accurate numbers because I don't know numbers. But look what the average is for a square foot of concrete in New York and look what the average is in Iowa.

I was reading something about that the

square foot of concrete to build a building in New York saying the concrete is fucking insane because so many hands are getting fucking greased. You know, you don't pay a job. Okay, so so you don't pay. It's like that one episode of The Sopranos. So what I do is break your balls, you're a GC, you don't want to pay me my money. That's fine. I send somebody from the union down there. And instead of me doing this, come on through. I gotta stop you. I gotta take your book. I gotta call the union to see if you paid your dues. We check your tire pressure. We can't below let's cap the windows on the truck. Pretty soon you got 30 trucks backed up, and you're not making any money. That's how they shake you down. That's the shakedown Are you paying me okay, the trucks go through. Don't wait, what's on them. We don't get all the drivers. We don't care if he's union or non union. It's such a dirty business at that level. That's the shade that from Trump would be the GC on the job, you pay your job run smooth, you don't pay. So 2% of that went to the mob that concrete tax. Then they had like another 2% right off the top to bid red bid rig

bid rig

better rig where we take GE we give it to Joe Rogan no matter what the price is we inflate the price. Even though Jamie comes in $3 million cheap. I'm gonna give Joe Rogan have three and two more. Joe Rogan's gonna kick that to me. And we're gonna do the job, but that $3 million profit plus I'm gonna take 2% Off the top of that $3 million profit.

You know what I noticed? When I was a kid when I was working construction, one of the first things I noticed it's one of the weird businesses that's run almost exclusively by men like manly men. Like the construction guys were burly dudes with big fucking hands. They worked hard. And they were like, these were like rough guys, but they were running a big business. It's like, all these other businesses. If you think about businesses, you think about like computers. You don't think about like rugged, burly guys. But computers and construction are just as common, like everybody needs a computer. Everybody needs a house like constructions everywhere. It's a gigantic business. And it's fun. At least in back in Boston, when I was working as a laborer, it was run by these big savages. difficut big dangerous guys,

let's get more diverse now because the unions have made you hire more women. When I was an electrician, like, three months, and there was a female supervisor who knew her shed, a dad, you know, was no electrician when she was a kid. That was fucking day job. And men had a tough time working for I clicked with her. She was easy. She would leave me the fuck alone.

Sometimes men can't they just have real hard time with a woman to me.

I didn't I didn't mind that at all. I didn't give a fuck. I liked her.

If someone's great at their job, they're great at their job. Just kind of give a fuck what your gender is. Weird thing that a lot of guys have. Right? You know, female trainer

that female trainers. Yeah, yeah, a lot of people go for that. Don't

get a female chin. Yo Romero are the best motherfuckers of all time. What is she trying them? I don't know man's strength and conditioning. She was strength and conditioning training him in this videos watching Boston his ass. Well even like, super savage. You make sure I'm right about that. Make sure my read about that. Because if it's not yo, well, it's someone equally savage. Someone who's just fucking Super Alpha. Me. No one's a super Alpha like, Yo, well, we had him in the podcast. I was looking at him sitting there. I was like this guy has built it's not even a real person

with 12 hours to get over I remember that night we both had spot stuff. And I pulled you aside and I go what? Really think? Do what do you really think I mean, people or is this something that

jazzing it's genetically Super Freak genetic? Well, when

we went to eat at I went to New York last week, I purposely went to Lisara and Tina it's a restaurant in North Bergen run by this dude named Jocko Jesus Christ is spaghetti with a tiny meatballs. I couldn't even finish it. But one of his waiters was a wrestler over the ref, listen to the podcast. And he was saying how he wasn't that good. He was on the bottom floor. He ate the scrap ah, and he but he goes yeah, I know. You're welcome back that just last week.

Think about the other super athletes that have come out of queue but that have gotten into MMA and boxing. Okay. Hector Lombard Duett mulata people, they might look at Hector lumbar, because of some of his tough fights that he had in the UFC later in his career. But if you go back and watch Hector Lombard when he was are on and shit in Bellator, those were probably his prime years. He was the champion of Bellator. I mean, fucking smashing people, smashing people that 185 pounds. And then he came over to the UFC. He fought 185 But that's a big ass one a fives in the UFC man. I mean, Hector is what do you think is five?

Really, nowadays, not

that now. I think he's, I think he's either my height or I'm five, eight. He's either my height or he's an inch taller. But he's just so jacked. When he was when he was smashing people. Like early in his career, man, I always wanted to get him in the UFC. I was like, This guy needs to come over. He's, he's so athletic man. He would, and he's a judo player. I mean, it's like flicking Jack Tector is, he's, uh, you know, he was a judo player for Cuba. But I'm telling you, man, you could take all the steroids in the world. You're not going to move like this guy moves. Josh lumbar. Josh Barnett brother told me that Hector Lombard when he went to the gym could just do muscle up after muscle up and never even trained it before. It's hot. Jamie, I'll tell you it's fucking hard to do a muscle up. He just grabbed that bar. He's a super athlete. He's just had a lot of really, really rough fights against the best fighters in the world. And I really think that some of his best fights, you can say like maybe he was tested more and I think he certainly was tested more here. In the UFC than it wasn't Bellator certainly the caliber of competitions far greater. But I also think, you know, fighters have like a window of opportunity for the most part for most of them. There's exceptions where they can extend that window that window. The the experts seem to think the windows around nine years. This is not a number that I invented. But it's a number that I agree with in terms of like the best you have. You might be able to do it for nine years, or the

longevity of an NFL running back history and a half years which blew my mind. That's crazy. That blew my mind. Then I started thinking about it. I talk about all the greats I've thought about oh, Campbell, Jim Brown. Those guys I thought about their injuries, how lucky you have to be. Okay, now the UFC as a fighter. How many people actually did fight in the UFC for nine years straight? So far? A lot. There's been quite a few a lot, but at the same time, there's been a lot of guys that have had great potential. And by the fourth or fifth fight, they've moved on. Well, you

know, everybody's different. This is this is the thing, everybody's different terms, their ability to recuperate, everybody's different in terms of their style. Like some guys just don't take much damage. You know, some like Ben Astron perfect example never fought in the UFC, but when you watch him fight and these other organizations thing that's most interesting is that he doesn't take any damage. You could say he's boring if you want to. I don't think it's boring. I think it's super high level wrestling. And you need to see how that shit would fly against the best in the world. I mean, that's why he's here now very excited about this but he's a perfect example of like he doesn't have any problems. That guy has been fighting for a long time you talk to him he's his lucid as they come. He's articulate very smart, very well educated reads books all the time. He'll send me recommendations for books. Very, very interesting guy. So you got those guys who like he could do it for long fucking time because he's not taking a beating. When you start taking a beating man pool you know, some guy sometimes guys try to get back in there too soon and they're still hurting, you know, from from a fight like a really bad knockout. Or just sometimes even just getting beaten up is worse. Like even if you don't get stopped, like you incur more damage that way, you know, for a long ass fight than you would in a quick kale. You know, like, in glory. You know, Joseph Valt aleni Do you know that he was the champion, and he won the title against Mark DeMont after the fight couldn't fight again. Concussions were so bad. He couldn't look at the light from an iPhone charger. Like a little laptop charger. That little light from that thing would would be blinding to him. It'd be like in a dark room for three weeks CBD oil brought him out of it. When I

think of fighters. And what happens during a fight. I go back all the way to Bernard Hopkins against Felix Trinidad. Because you brought it up to my attention. I didn't even know about that world. He never came back. Who's the guy that went the distance? That's now in Bellator. Fights out of GSPs camp. Really Tough guy went five rounds would fucking what's his name and Rory MacDonald, Rory. Yes, Rory after that fight that he had. He was never really the same type of Robbie Lawler fight fights affect you in different ways. The beating you take affects you in different ways. I want to see what the kid that at some Barbosa fights with next time. How he comes out. He took a ferocious beating against Edgar Edson. Yeah, the last fight before our kids and Kevin Lee

see but Rory I got to disagree because after that fight he looked fucking phenomenal in Bellator in its first who was his first fight and but not belta Was it Paul Daley? He fought but then

the next fight he didn't mean was a beast though. Yeah.

We made him as a monster man. Douglas Lima is a fucking straight

up killer you know in in comedy sometimes with

Paul Daley. Yeah. So he manhandled Paul daily right it's very smart fight because he fought really well on his feet first threatened daily little bit on screen and took them down dominated them on the ground. And it was it was a it was a very impressive win. But then he fought see fighting Mousasi I think was probably not the but you know, you never know. You got to test yourself. There's only one way to do that. And he knows better than anybody. I mean, the guy's in it to test himself. Now he knows that he can't beat Messiah at least at this point in his life. And but he's a smart kid and he's an animal to me that guys

so I'm not saying anything. I just thought that a lot of times after battles. People don't come back

to say I agree on soften but I don't agree with him. The guy

from Texas that took GSP to the fucking zoo and for Oh, yeah, he never came. You know some people give it all you got. Yep, give it all you got a moment. It's how to react after that. What's going to happen? How is Kevin league going to come back? Yeah, I guess I quit. You always have those questions, which is a great fight by the way. Amazing. The fight I was most excited about this weekend was Michael GAC calls conduit hmm right. He would call those conduit you know, callers kind of have been around for a long fucking time. This name is conduit, but he knows his brother and I'm one of his biggest fans. And if I was in a mafia, I'd hire him from the UFC a long time ago, because he's an assassin. He's like he really is John whiskey if you just give him a gun with his silence. Yeah. And a pencil. Let him do the rest. Go down and you could switch his mind quick. What 600,000 A week.

I want to say that his UFC was his debut against Brock Larson was that it was as debut or was it was that in the WEC? I feel like that was in the WEC. I feel like his debut was against

shit

was it Jake Martin Kampmann was his debut. That's

okay. In Nashville. They fought a Nashville

Ellenberger to write was that Oh, that was Jake Ellenberger his first fight in UFC. Yeah, to Jake Ellenberger was another one met super fucking dangerous for a long time man he received before he fought in the UFC when he knocked out Pele with one punch.

Beat in my office. About three weeks ago he came into my office nice nice guy.

I heard you I told you a guy with dosed him up.

I gave a bong who this shit that was 31% He couldn't answer questions. It was like fucking he's the best the poor bastard he didn't know how to drive home yeah, folks, but not I was not around vaca was not around able to broke this system for a week. If you think Brock Lesnar system disappeared in the fucking system, whatever. Oh my god, boy, Jake Ellenberger. We took him deep. I haven't seen it. But I've heard he told me he goes, you know, smoking once I got into a little bucket. And I asked him a question after that. He was just frustrated. I love that. He's coming back down to redeem himself. I'm sad. He's never smoking again. But that was tough. His battle.

Yeah, you can't that's too much. Most of you.

That's a three foot bomb. Well, not only that,

Joey. For most people that don't do podcasts all the time getting on your podcast is a mindfuck but they're like, I can't believe I'm here. Sitting here with Uncle Joey. Holy shit. And then bone that 30 How many percent 31

That's so high. This is alien. Oh, gee,

this is in just as a for people that don't know the numbers. Let's find out what the numbers actually are like, what was purse what percentage THC was marijuana in the 1970s? I want to say it was like eight to 10 Probably.

And then I'm just guessing it's so funny how. Okay, I grew up. I grew up in New York, New Jersey. So I would go to Harlem. And what we had available to us was Panama, red, Colombian gold. I could be verse, verse, I could be wrong on the names. And then you had from Jamaica, you had this weed called lambs bread. And then all of a sudden in the 80s this green wheat came along and they call it sin Samia. So I was cobbling for the Eighth Street and he would either sell your chocolate tie which is lambs bread, or he would sell you send to me or he would put them together and call it the Master Mix. And if you bought 10 bags of the Master Mix you got one for free gave you got this is why Narcos maybe a real punch 19 Fucking 8283 The guy was the middle of the corner hanging out and the funny thing was I went back in 85 And he looked me straight in the face and he's like, ain't no motherfucking weed on this block no more dog crap. Like it had just converted to crack but this is why watching I told you that watching that Narcos Mexico those first two episodes is so important because it's a it's like some kind of genuine TV show. It's really hard to believe that when they some Spanish guy that couldn't even speak English said hey, there's not three cameras here. His name is fucking loose Desi Arnaz Desi Arnaz invented that the three cameras shoot Did you know that that's hilarious that Desi loop productions all that shit exactly that he's the one that said was it took eight white people sitting around. Get two more cameras. Let's go on the left. The guy that is the principal guy and Narcos to shear as a character who grew weed in the desert. I want Think about that have never been even thought of before. But by doing that, I don't know the science. So please, Joe Rogan, people don't torture me. He eliminated the male plant to make the female strong, and the only way you can grow that is in the desert. So he found water in the desert. Why is

it the only way you can go grow in the desert, something about the climate to roof

so that it's like the Immaculate Conception? Well, you get pregnant without getting pregnant. So you eliminate the male plants or something I do not know this gotta hide this information

watching. And we have to hide this information from women.

So there's no seeds, and the reefer get stronger. That started in the 80s. That's why if you watched Narcos, Mexico, it shows you how that whole thing started. And they were pumping 15 metric tons a year into the United States of this shit. Green weed became a Mexican green weed was what we started smoking. I gotta say that average was maybe 15 Then like the strongest. And then there's weeds now that I buy the 21% they take me to the fucking mountain. But that 28 On above and a bong. You doomed? Yeah, you're stuttering, you're mumbling you're fucking can't focus. I liked that feeling at night when I listened to music. I'm a big mute, like when I called you like there was like October 3. And I was gonna call you to tell you that I love to participate the sober October. But because of my love for music, it's not going to happen. Because my thing is to go home at night, sometimes I go to the office. Like I told you my house is dead at 20 the night. The kid goes to bed at fucking 830 And my wife in bed 10 minutes later. For some nights I don't have a Spotify podcast, I just go to my office. I bring a notebook on an iPad. I get stoned. And I put it on the album. I go down the road and I just get fucked up and listen to that music. I love it. That's my hobby. And once a week I go to the album store and I buy new our new vinyl album. Lately I would know that Led Zeppelin to road that's one of the greatest dirtiest filthiest albums and opens up with a whole lot of love. It just dirty little lemon song. And Heartbreaker, it's just dirty. And then I've been listening to fucking physical graffiti. I love going into those foxholes way that knights don't like gills.

Yeah, there's something about that music. They were the first drug culture music in America. Right? If you think about it, like Zeppelin and pink floral

showed up the hills and they went to India. They grew long hair and they came back with those four albums. Then there was rumors of acid. If you listen to the one review I think that revolved one of those. John Lennon spreads acid right, then that was that. I

mean, there's there's a lot of musicians from that era that are great that aren't associated with drugs. But if you think of Hendrix, if you think of I mean, Hendrix was always associated with drugs, right? Janis Joplin always associated with drugs. You know, good or bad. It's very interesting. It's very interesting that the sound is so it lasts. Like it's so relevant. If you listen to some Zeplin today, it's still so goddamn good. They were so good. They were so good

solid Zeplin to call bringing on home at the end. He comes out like what a harmonica slow. Then Jimmy Page kicks in with the guitar young that stops. Yeah, like Yeah, it's now psyche. Like, I should go jump out a window. Like Led Zeppelin to there's a couple albums. I gotten that office that I put on such a part of my childhood. I think about my mom coming in the room say yelling lower that fucking devil music. I'm saying wait byes I'm losing up on it. And I would blast it at fucking six in the morning. The neighbors next door with Jehovah witnesses that he would knock on my door you have to please lower your music. I never loaded loaded. At that age. I had efficient stereo. Okay, and I already knew not to get components. Like I was already hit like I never bought the album with the eight track and the cassette. Fuck you. I bought an amp and I bought a cassette deck and I had a turntable and I would fucking blast it. I don't know where I got the speakers from. I bought them they fell off a truck. I love music loud. My storm every time till this day. Every time Led Zeppelin his final album comes out in through the outdoor comes on the radio some I think my mother bagging on The door for freshman year going if I got to knock on this door one more time I'm throwing that scenario out the window. Like seven in the morning at a full fucking SPEED roll enjoying getting ready to walk up the hill smoking to join. I wouldn't smoke in the house not like that she had no idea

when you play an album albums with a record player. Yeah.

Fuck. I still do it. You

don't have a good needle. Remember you would go over dudes houses. They had a special needle. I

would go that needle. I just wouldn't got new needles. I know how to order them online. Do you miss that?

Impressive a guy like a fucking cool looking needle.

I still had I had fun. I had a reel to reel Jimmy.

I had a record player at my house for sure.

Wow, you had a reel to reel. A friend of mine had a reel to reel in high school. Oh my God. And the sound he bought the speakers and everything in the sound you can hear like that. The musician pulling away from the microphone like sound was that good. So

when he's playing this reel to reel, he's got like a like a projector screen type deal. No,

he was a sound. He had a room like this. And he had a shelf and on the shelf he had speakers. And he had a reel to reel. I think I've he will correct it and it will have two or three hours of music on it. So whenever he would have a party, he would just put on the reel to reel. At that time. That was the threat that is going to real real that's a projector right? It's going to real the real that's the new threat. That's that never made it. It then went from it went from albums, to cassettes, to fucking CDs.

So if you put something through that you would have to kinda like do it like you're working in projection room. You take? Yeah, it's just one of them. And it works

almost it's it's just really large cassette tape player.

Again, how you put the music on there. I forget how he put the music on that.

Could you buy music on it?

I think so. There's a record

button on this too. It looks like so you could have recorded something on there. If you had a cable to plug it into. Yeah, I forget how would they make copies? The same way you'd put your original would be like on the left. You tend to feed you did you need a copier? You couldn't do with this machine probably. But back the same way people did with VCR copies back in the early 80s. You know, tape to tape

you'd visit the same thing how it would degrade each generating. You get porns from your friend. And it was like like someone threw mud your eye? Oh, he tried to watch it. The fuck is happening on the screen? Because it was so many generations of copied.

Do you remember when Porn was watched like this? I don't

remember but I heard about it. And I remember that movie about the dude from Hogan's Heroes. That was a he he was on hookans heroes and after Hogan's Heroes, he just went around making his own homemade porn. And he you know, you had one of these kinds of things on the home projector type deals.

Porn came porn. In those days if you went to the back of a dirty magazine, not Playboy, and not penthouse, but anything else? They would actually send you a projector with three movies. For say, 14 There was a lowland project probably going to work 10 times. But at least you got to watch porn, and they'd send you a reel to reel. That was so bad. Porn was so bad. And I still remember a story about me and my friends chipping in and getting the fucking reel to reel with the thing and plugging it into the wall and putting sheets on the windows. And it was just horrible, horrible board. White Chicks they will find off the streets. Flapjack titties suddenly turn cigarettes off on the chest. And this chick was half on drugs and she had to suck the guy's dick and the most vivid picture members when she took the mayonnaise with the bread. Like she was sucking this guy's Dick The guy's Dickens been beat up. And she took mayonnaise Miracle Whip. That's why I never liked Miracle Whip. She put it on the bread and made a dick sandwich to his dick. And it was like me and three other 12 year old dog. We almost had a heart attack. You understand me like our heads blew up like turn it off. Turn it off, turn it off, turn it off. Turn it off. Who wants this fucking projector like that? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it was a cheap, cheap, cheap little projector. You had to put a sheet up on the wall and use it as a screen. Yeah, to fucking shade up all your windows in the attic because I used to do it in my attic because my mother wasn't home. So I will the first viewing party we had was in my attic. You had to send the money on Oh, yeah, that's $1.95 for shipping and handling, that's an H. And then it would take six weeks to delivery. So you would just sit you couldn't send it to your house. So I would have to send it to Rogan's house because I knew his mother and his grandmother worked all day. So they'd never be home so they would just drop the packet drops in front of the house. If one of our mothers found that baggage, we'd be dead. We'd be fucking dead in your mind. Your mother. Checkmate spirit wipes on a piece of bread and eats into the fucking deck. Don't

you think moms today probably wouldn't even flinch. What if What if they found their kid with some fight that in his competitor

fucking kid me every mom, the edit you talk to any mom, a 15 year old and go do you think your son's getting laid? She's like, stop it. I don't want to hear that. It's true. No mom wants to hear this. I'm getting laid. The first girl you brought over the house actually bothered your mother? Oh, I'm sure the first two girls you brought home actually bothered and irritated the shit out of your mother. It took your mom a while because you're always gonna be that little boy. I can't imagine getting his dick sucked. He just I just put diapers on 10 years ago.

You know what else they worry about the way but you get so many pregnant? Because you're so stupid. When you're 15 1617 you guys are just doing stupid shit. You know? You don't really know how to pull out that good. How good are you at that? Not very good. I know when you were that young. I mean, it's your parents are worried about you doing something dumb. Your parents worried about you getting pregnant. But they also don't want you haven't Zach.

I had the skinny girl. Like I always had girls that were friends. And they have three girls and leave. My mom would pull me aside and said what's going on? And I go nothing. You know, she's just a friend. And I will scream out loud. I can't believe it, you know, and they were friends. But that was just one skinny girl that I used to bring home in the seventh grade. And my mother called us one afternoon like she called us make an app. So she asked me as a man, she goes from now on do me a fucking favor. She's here and I'm downstairs. Just leave the door. My mom was one of those. She was one of those just do me a favor. Just for me middling times when I leave and lock the door. But if I'm here, just leave the door open. And I would leave it open the foot and then try to eight inches. Six inches. And she would have to come up and say I was on 21 like leave the fucking door open and then you're an animal at that age. So that is you finally talking mentally. Because all I was doing was dry humping this girl. That's all I was doing. We weren't having sex. I think I sent the kids one time. You know, we weren't having sex. We were just making out dry. But one day I had my mom had to Barstow and she would just fucking come home and he have to lose to see if I was at this broad and one they added here and she brought with her friends up one of her friends with them in there just swapping spit with the chip. I hear something on the wall. Like something's going on. But I kept dry humping and we had Earth Wind Fire. Can I love great fucking I'm off. That's the way of the world. I'm driving them in this check that that and all sudden I hear a lot of slip. And a guy starts yelling. Ah. And I ran downstairs there was my one of my mother's friends. I don't know, I know. He used to be a bookie at my mother's bar. So my mother goes I gotta get to the bottom of this. I got to know what this kid's gonna lace. So he volunteers up the ladder at the side of the house. To see if I'm getting laid to look in the window. God I had an air conditioner with a curtain he could never see it anyway. But this girl pissed off my mom for years. This went on for about a year. And then I started taking his shirt off and stuck in the tents. And my dad came home when they caught him in the closet. And that was the end. And then my mom would give me shit for a little while. I gotta be 1213 I'm in the sixth grade. Meeting this girl would watch the Osmonds on Friday and Saturday. Donny and Marie and I would get pissed off because she had a crush on fucking Donnie. You know, you know your kid. And then when they end but then we figured out fuck, if they're gonna watch this after three. Why don't we play hooky from 12 to three. We could drive for three hours. Nobody will know your grandmother works. My mother is definitely not coming home. So we used to play hooky. And one day they caught us and her and I had like there was 20 feet between us on a fence. Their parents had a house right behind mine. And my mom went into the backyard like the fucking Spanish woman that she is and steady yelling your daughter's a hole over here every day, I don't know what they do in that room. I hope she's not something is dead. Oh my God, it was just my son was a regular little boy and to your daughter took over. And I used to walk home and I remember walking in the house the mom was like, for a second. Your mom's out there yelling horrible things about my daughter calling her orange. Wow, I had to go home and tell my mama what's up with that she's a fucking whore. But a job my mom, woman drove and that's it. I got a girlfriend then. No more problems after that. It was just the skinny chick that drove my mother fucking crazy.

Hey, they made you mad. I mean, imagine you have a little boy. And you take him to the park. And he's a cute little fella. And he runs and he stumbles and falls down and cries and you pick him up and he hugs you. And you love him. And you're like, It's okay. Just scrape your knee. It's okay. And he's crying and crying. You feel so bad, you feel so bad. And you give them a band aid and you give him a kiss and talk to him and hang out with him. Then he goes to sleep and you sit there and you look at him sleep and you think about how precious he is this little life on the you. You're entrusted with you gotta take

15 years later, someone sucking his dick some dirty little girl down the block. God dammit. Look at that. Now he's all indoor all the time and obsessed with air. It's driving me nuts. How's your baby? Your baby stuck with some tramp, tardy little tramp?

Me you will have dollars you will have dollars, which is that's a hell on earth. Having a daughter as Hell on Earth. It's fine. Now it's cute. She puts costume down, she loves daddy, she watches TV. But there's gonna come a day she wants to go to the mall with her friends, you have to let her you have to worry. And it's not the same world. So

the world is not the same. Now it's not gonna be the same when they're older. It's getting weirder and weirder. You know, people are getting, you know, we're talking earlier about bugs and searches and people be able to turn your microphones on. It is a matter of time. Before there's no privacy, whether it's 50 years, whether it's 100 years. And I mean, I think there's going to be no privacy with anything. I don't think with your thoughts, I think we're going to this is the next thing after cell phones is going to be something that allows us to communicate way easier, they're gonna there's gonna, within the next 50 years, they're going to come up with some way where we're going to be all communicate through a device, and it's going to be better than just talking. We're going to we're going to share thoughts. It's gonna get really fucking strange, I'm 100% convinced. I think all this stuff is just getting everything accelerates, right? It used to be really hard to get a hold of somebody now it's really easy to get a hold of somebody. And now you're you're going to people have figured out ways to turn people's microphones on and record them and people are just putting tape over their, their webcam I want to look at while I'm checking off. They think someone's gonna look through it from the other side, they probably can't, it's going to be a matter of time before everybody can with everybody with everything you do. There's going to be there's going to be all all information available to everybody. This is gonna happen. We're so far away from where we were in the 70s. So far, we're so far away so far away, and that was our lifetime. We can remember the 70s You know, 1973 I was six years old. Okay, I remember that. I remember. I remember the Vietnam War. I remember when the war ended thinking when I was a little kid, this is great that the war is over. Because now they know that war is bad. And they won't do any war anymore. The war is over. It's gone. And then when the war started up again when I was I think I was 21 when Desert Storm kicked in. I was at Holy shit. They're doing it again. Me and my friend Jimmy did Twilio. We had an apartment in think it was fucking where were we Malden or some shit? I forget where the fuck we were Waltham. That's where we were in Waltham. We had this fucking apartment. And we were sitting there on TV, which is sitting in front of the living room. I think we had a couch. We're just sitting there in the living room, watching these fucking missiles flying through the air. And I'll never forget he goes buddy looks like we're at war. And I was like, what? I love we're both sitting there going what's, how the fuck? We're at war. I thought we didn't do that anymore. I remember that. I remember that whole. I mean, that time when when that was how you got information from the TV is so far removed from today. Today everything that happens all the time is coming NACHA 100 miles an hour from every direction, there's just too much to

do. So you have to control it. You have to control it, you still have to have a life. You still you know, I don't have Facebook on my phone. I have my email account. I try to keep Twitter off my phone when I go on the road. The iPad has no Twitter, no Facebook. It's too much. It's too much it interferes with who we are. And if you haven't caught that by now you're not catching this. You know, I'll open up my Twitter on a Saturday just to see us tweet. Thinking to myself, What are you doing with your fucking life? That you tweet on Friday and fucking Saturday and Sunday?

You know, it becomes a little game. It's

it's a little game. You have to give it a breather. You have to you it's too much news coming at you. From too old to on on your satellite disk.

It's in Oh, another

thing is it's too much news. from sports to world news. You got HLN CNN and then ESPN. All in the fucking row. It's too fast. It's too quick. Last week when I was home, my buddy is a cab driver. I took six Ubers on Monday in New York. Tuesday I just want to take a cab. I took my wife to get some real pizza at Roma pizza. The guy that was making pizza that was still there when I was a kid. I drove by when dad I go II still in there. So we took a fucking cab. On the cab this guy that drove me as a friend of mine we rubbed against since we were 12. And we would talk like well that's the first first gas station that robbed and then he goes remember when we were 12 We're walking home and I Freddy Prince got killed. Wow. Freddy Prince had killed himself the night before. We didn't find out till that six o'clock news. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, like that was the gap in time. So you got your news. And even though that was New York, it was the city capital who watch TV in the morning. Maybe they mentioned that in the morning. reports out of LA for any prison hospital. Yeah, but you never saw it. But no, I saw I remember us being out. And them saying Freddy Prince died. He shot himself last night. And I stone them how cold it was. It was January. Or February was fucking freezing. But we were walking home we were 12. And what do we see in front of us? What a guy passed out drunk. just hammered drunk on the floor. So while I call down, let's get the money out of his pocket. You take the bottle, it was like a bottle of dollars or whatever. So I plan once to take a bottle and shake a button. What what's it called? You roll a bum? Yeah. And we put our hand in his pocket. He grabbed one of us like carry. So next, what we have is just started kicking him. Like we must kick them at two times. And we ran away the bottle he got up and chases Oh Jesus, we knew as ShockPad for the cemetery. So we lost them. Like you get all those weird things like that's what I associated with, like Friday shot himself at night. They must have mentioned that in the morning. I was too busy going to school. And it wasn't confirmed to the next day. That's how slow news was now. You're getting news. You're getting hit with 200 stories. In 10 minutes. Yeah, what happened in prayers? What Trump decided what the UFC is doing? What fuckin Penny Marshall died. You get into this troll actual day, you really can't control it. Take Your Child. You've watched these two young girls grow up. You ever have days where you take them somewhere? Disney? And it's so much information, they got to go back and take a nap. Yeah. That happens to us stuff. So yeah, that's got to be happening to us. Oh,

for sure. It's wearing out. And it's a lot of it is really negative to you know, that's that's another part of the problem is what's interesting to people's what's dangerous, and there's not much dangerous. So what's interesting to people becomes, you know, being negative, be nasty about something complaining about things bitching about that starting starting Twitter fights, like people enjoy doing it. They're like they're looking for, for battles. You know, and I wish there was a way where people could choose to only engage online without insulting people and just try and get a rise out of people like a troll free way of interacting, but it's never gonna happen. So you got to kind of accept what it is. So if you accept what it is, you should be very wary about entering Anything where 60% of what you're experiencing is negative. Anything, anything in life where you're looking at 60% Negative, you don't have to is what like being informed is one thing. But that's more than just being informed. Because how much of that information is even valuable to you? A lot of it is just getting soaked, soaked into these fucking horrible stories. You know, I mean, I went down a rabbit hole the other day reading about this. These Scandinavian tourists got beheaded in Morocco. In the mountains. These girls were hitchhiking and they went it's fucking horrible. It's horrible, horrible stuff, man. And I watched a video of it turrible

Joe Rogan you know I love you. Rule number one don't go hey, chuck in Morocco. My your fucking business.

Girls apparently did this all over the world. Yeah, you talk

about a guy that fucking went somewhere and tried to convert a tribe? You know? They showed up with a fucking Bible. Yeah, mind your business. All right. Send the fucking Bible via email, and do the best you can there's some people want to put themselves in a dangerous way. They don't think they fucking hate the right shit. I fucking hate all that shit. I like controlling my situation. I really do. I don't want to sound shallow. I would love to be able to have a passport and go to China and go to Italy. But I'm not going nowhere where there's nothing fucking crazy going on. I don't need that in my life. I don't want to hear a bomb when I'm fucking sleeping. When I'm in Israel. Talk to irony. I'd say you can have bombs going off. Dropping higher. He's like telling me jokes on the phone. And you hear a bomb going off and shit. I don't need that. I don't need none of that shit. That's putting yourself in harm's way. You know? I appreciate the balls. I appreciate them balls have you climbing up mountain Agera. I appreciate all that stuff. But it's not in my percentage graph. I believe in percentages. You understand me? I get it. So it's just the other night I read so I get high at night, guys, I do comedy. And to come down I smoke 55 Fucking bong hits. Sometimes you don't have to say a joke on Twitter. The joke is written when you read it as a human being. You're saying this is a very interesting article, but at the same time, it does have elements of humor in it. There's an article of a hot chick. And it says mother goes to court to complain about teacher who fucked a 15 year old kid because his life has changed. It's never been the same since she fucked them. Show it as the kids never gonna get his dick suck like that again. Can you imagine getting a teacher to blow your horn? When you're in high school one of those dirty TVs you see a picture of a Joe Rogan with a fish on a boat with a bikini. Now you take this chick to the prom and She's sucking your dick crying. You're gonna say like I've never done this before. Because I like reluctant show his life has changed. It's a joke. Dog. I got attacked for two days. And I didn't reattach people. I turned that around them. I called them love. Listen, Merry Christmas. And they had nowhere to go. It's so funny that you can get caught in that. They forget what comedians we are a tube, a tube that transports something really ugly. into something that's still ugly but a little bit of funny to it. Yeah, I cracked a joke when I found my mother dead on the floor to myself. Which I knew she was never going to know. I got left back. Because I got left back but I never told and it was coming on a year I had a talent she was she kept asking me Have you chosen the college yet? And I'm the sophomore year. For three years I ran the scam on my mother that I had that. I never thought she thought I was a junior. I was really a sophomore. So as soon as I made that turn, I picked her up I saw her arm was purple. I kissed her forehead, but I remember popping up and going. I knew this bitch wasn't going to ever find that before I dial 911 So if I dropped Umrah at that situation, that's how I fucking handle myself.

Well, that's how you leave.

Yeah, you have to drop you. I will drop a bomb on you at a funeral. Joe Rogan I will drop a bomb on you or the fear that you will look at me and go God has the balls on you. But thank God you came

every time you would Dave Foley said when Phil Hartman didn't win an Emmy. Well, we were all in the audience right went there to honor him because he got nominated. And the dude from Fraser one. And Dave for which he turns to me and Steven Rudy goes, What the hell do you have to do to win?

He goes, you catch shot for fuck sake. Foley's a funny way of I really

is. People have no idea when I see people arguing now, like now is a 55 year old you look at it and you go I throw away 20 years of my life arguing with people Yeah, that I had no reason to argue with them for. It's not even worth it. If they played the tape back, you'd laugh at yourself and feel horrible. You look at shutting down and you go what? How does this even affect your life? I turn I want so seeing and like when you're in a hotel room on the weekends, you got it, you go down to CNN or see HSBC political pipe hole. Oh, I love those for six minutes to see people get fired up and they attack each other. And that, you know, everybody's fucking bullshit. But you sit down, you know, what is the big fucking deal? No matter if fucking Hitler makes a comeback and he's president. You all gotta get up and go to work every morning. isn't giving you money anymore isn't like somebody's giving you money or they're putting you in a house for free. If Fidel resurfaces from the grave, he's the president, you still got to work. You still got to build houses. You still now see, the UFC is you still so What? What? How much does it really affect you at least that's how I've always thought

the problem with all these shows is all of them, whether it's CNN, or Fox News, or anything, is that they're leaning. They're leaning somewhere, the lean in what they're telling you about the news, but they're leaning on it in a way. They're not just simply recording the facts, especially Fox News, right? They lean? Like, I don't know, right?

I don't know what you guys are talking about when you say that, but I will tell you really? Yeah. When people talk to me about leptin, right? I have no idea because I don't even know where I stand on most issues. But guess what I didn't see in New York and New Jersey last week. But guess what, I did not see. Homeless people.

Really, because it's so cold.

I was homeless for 19 days in New York in December from December 12. To the 31st. I got a hotel room maybe 50% of the time. But beside that I was homeless at one time in 1984. You should and I ask people, you know, you just don't say I saw a very small sections of non encampments. But the homeless present the percentage was smaller. So I asked somebody what that is, how come I have so many homeless people out there? And they said it's called because they're liberals. I didn't fucking know. That's what a liberal was. I had no idea.

I just think California is liberal. Yeah,

I just tried to be a human being. I don't know. That

doesn't make sense. It's like what does that mean that what are the what are the homeless go? Do we make more of them out here? Is that what he's saying?

Do you allow it that that last night he was telling me that Las Vegas ships their homeless system a bus to California and

what they ship I feel like the shipping is both busing people to like Alaska for a little while or something like that. Yeah, a couple years. So.

You saw the TV show wild, wild country. Do you see that? No. It's on the rack. Nish is that I said Rajneesh cult from Oregon. And one of the things they did to they took over the town all heard about it and watched it homeless people in buses, and then how all those people vote. And then the city took over the fucking town. They like developed a real town and then they took over this one area bust out how America moves its homelessness. Whoa. Each year US city gives 1000s of homeless people one way bus tickets out of town, an 18 month niche nationwide investigation by the Guardian reveals for the first time what really happens at Journey's End. Whoa, that sounds like a M Night Shyamalan movie, right? They kill a bunch of homeless people. Like Satan's involved it's like they just move them away. Where are they? Where are they ship them? Looks like they're throwing them down in Miami and in LA.

Oh, well, I live in Colorado. In Colorado, people would the homeless people would commit crimes. They figured out what crimes they would get 60 days for and they would commit that crime. Plead guilty do the 60 days just to get out of the winter because in those days, Boulder would give you tobacco. You are allowed they will give you tobacco but you gotta roll it that that type of che a Boulder County Jail in 1991 boulder County Jail in some other jail. were voted number one and two jails in the country. Wow, that people would want to go to those jails and Boulder built a new jail. And it became fucking communist land like acid. Cardenas land. Yeah. Like no cigarettes, everybody got away uniforms. No more staying up till two in the morning when I was wrong with the other way. Boulder County Jail the way what was good the good way. Boulder County jail was a paradise. Well, what

was wrong with that?

It got out.

It got out that it was too nice. Right?

So like, I'm telling you homeless people will commit a crime to do 60 days. Can

I ask you something? As a person who's been in jail? Would it motivate you more? This is an honest question. Would it motivate you more? If you were in jail, and it was nice and comfortable in there and you got to relax and calm down? Or would it motivate you more if they brought you into some communist type jail as you described it with everybody? I'd wear uniforms. There was no cigarettes. There was no fun. They eliminate your outside time.

But I did I did them both.

What would what I think is a person who's been through what would be most effective in rehabilitating you I mean, that's the idea right? And

rehabilitate right now you said to me, you gotta stay in this fucking building. For six months. This is going to be a jail. There's like Pablo Escobar is jail. It's still jail. I want you to remember that right? You cannot leave the building for six months. I will let you out to the front and a cage. One hour a day. But you got to figure out what you're going to do in here for 12 months. It's a cage. Yes. I have more options here. I can lift weights into different parts of my body. I could shoot pool Baba, Baba Baba, Baba was very simple. Boldly got locked up, they gave you linens, you either took them away. Not only in my own clothes. So you call home at lunchtime, Joe Rogan brought me my jeans, my sneakers, my T shirts. I'm wearing my own clothes. So now they determine what you're in for a non violent, violent. If you're a non violent offender, you the world is

yours. The violent ones the ones who get lumped the ones shut down

the violent offenders. Depending on what you do as violent, you go into one sector and that sector the longer you're in there, the more rewards you get. For if you're in green, you stay up till 10 And they got cable TV. If you are red, you step to 11 and they got cable TV if you're purple you stepped on one 1am Oh my god Boulder County jail was tremendous. Cigarette I didn't drink milk. Milk is big in jail because the body builders like milk it's like fucking drugs. So I would trade you and you my milk for your Kool Aid. All right, so I was in there drinking fucking Kool Aid. Because I fucking hate them. Boulder was a paradise compared to other jails. Oh, listen to this. Thanksgiving day when I was I locked up tanks every day. Yeah, the guard came in. I'll never forget his name was Ron. And he opened up the cell door and there was a phone that was anybody who needs to use the phone use the phone. I figured out you know those days you had to press mine outside line. I pressed eight to see if I get long distance not that press seven not six not been five. For far too long business. I got the call my peeps in Jersey for 20 minutes apiece. You know, you just figure out different things. Then they send you to a place where some illusion the eyes is stripped down. And you gotta go take a shower and then you come out and they put a finger up your ass to see if you have contraband. And they give you a tighty whities

and Orange Show put like a rubber glove on and then move their finger out

it doesn't matter. Does at that point I didn't give a fuck you putting the finger up. My guess is if it breaks you down as a man as much as anything in the world. That's the first break now. Wow, to turn you around to let you know they run you. They're gonna stick it up your ass and you go to your cell. And that those guys they're not very nice. They weren't like the Boulder County Jail guys, those guys would shake your bed and make you get up. Turn your light on the middle of the night and say get out of bed. We're going to do a search at two in the morning. Those people are not nice at all. Then I got transferred to Summit County Jail. Which was a fucking paradise. Paradise. Paradise Hamble all day outside. TV thrilled to have the morning TVs in your cell. Black and white TVs in your cell basic cable. You could be up all night, if you wanted to go to breakfast away breakfast. If not, you could sleep through breakfast and we'd eat your breakfast for you. And then from there, they shipped me off to the Department of Corrections. That's where it's the nitty gritty. If you think black people talk at a movie theater at night, don't go there. Don't go there. Black people talk all night. It's six or seven floors. And I was in there in August with full humidity. Canyon City, Colorado. Wow. All right, with a little window, you know, and I was like on the third floor I couldn't read. And in those days, they let you out you took two showers a week. And one hour a day you went outside after that you would just in the cell by yourself at night or froze in the daytime it was like fucking been sweating. In a fucking Tin Can you wouldn't attend the data that was in charge she had nothing to showers and then the three meals and then that is in the first week is good because you actually get out of your salad go test. They tested everything, your math, your English, they park and put a bunch of pictures in front of you and they put you do psychiatry, they take your blood out, they do everything. And then they assess you and then they have I took care of all the dots. Okay, there's a bunch of dots you have to you have to dot your i's like if you have a high school diploma, you get a point if you were working at the time and rest you get a point if you have to pay rent so I got a bunch of points for that. It's so funny out to talk about something very interesting. It's very interesting when his Harvey Weinstein case is gonna go it's very interesting where it's gonna go. Right now he has Benjamin Braff as an attorney. And if you see what happened Benjamin breath pushed for dismissal and he didn't get it the the lawyer said the judge said a trial date they're gonna get a trial date. Harvey Weinstein's gonna go through more money to pay off time. Obviously go for time that he's gonna fire Benjamin breath and show up with two women. Primarily one black, and one Asian, or one white, and one Asian. And this is when this trousers get very interesting. Harvey is also going to hire millions of dollars and prosecutor and private investigators. They're going to interview boyfriends they're going to interview this case is going to be very interesting, unlike the Cosby case, where Cosby didn't really fuck how do you know he's gonna do all this stuff? Because I know this is what I would do. I know if you come to me and you go, I'm getting busted for this. What do I do? Because of how I grew up around those people. This is what you do. Benjamin Braff cannot ask a woman the same question A woman can ask a woman

so I'm gonna go there with either a black woman, an Asian woman or a white woman. My first two choices are a black and an Asian

one. You want to get the diversity angle to get the diversity

angle and I want to get that you can't You're saying that because you're a black woman Chinese woman? What I'm trying to stab you just did you ever really wants to people Versus OJ Simpson. No, I didn't. Very interesting. And it's time that you sat now the holidays is

the next version watch one episode that seemed very good.

Very interesting how he put a dream team together. Geez, it's gonna cost you 10 mil. Listen to me gee, you got two options you can go into like cars being paid to mill and make believe you're blind or we put together a fucked up then you see him. He went over that milky shit over his eyes like the guy from Kung Fu. met me when we were kids. Kung Fu his father and like, yeah, Kung Fu followers, like app blind and shit. Yeah, I remember that. dhoka Magnesia design shit. That's how Cosby wouldn't they're playing like I'm sick routine. He's

got cataracts. Oh, Cosby. Yeah. But

he didn't have cataracts like that, that when he said something to put the pill in the water. He didn't know. He knows what. He knows what the fuck and so just take three steps read your book, and you know, yeah, he knows. But Harvey has to play this hand. This is what America is about to watch. They're gonna watch some fucking crazy. Bobby knows he can't go in there. Benjamin Bratt, Benjamin Brown. Hey Gravano look at the list of Benjamin BRABUS and Benjamin Braff can't attack a woman

till you look at like legal cases like sports. He's got pencil and paper. Listen to me is the beauty John Jones versus

Gustafson. I went to New York last week and I went to the Metropolitan Museum of Art with my daughter, she loves art. And while I was sitting there, I was added saying, I'm gonna be on your own. And my daughter didn't want me taking pictures in front of the statues anyway. She's like, Daddy, get out of the picture to the statute. So I'm like, What the fuck am i hanging out with you for? She wasn't a Chinese way. I wanted to see the Armenian way. But it was funny how I was thinking about when I was 21 and 22. Joe Rogan, I would get stoned to the gills and go to the Museum of Natural History, the Museum of my hobbies back then, since I was such a loner, and people were looking for me, I was always a criminal. I would go over the bridge to either go to one of the other museums, or I would sit in the courtroom. I would go to a place that had a fucking Italian sandwich. And I got a bag of wise potato chips and a 16 ounce coke. And you go to any court court starts at seven at the Metropolitan downtown I take the A train and I'd walk I forget now what you know this is 1983 81 I was a kid and I would sit down observed by court I learned how to plus I grew up in that

you were once you'd sit and watch nikecourt Look you'd watch a basketball game like games

with a sandwich or salad and potato chips.

I think a lot of people don't realize you could just go to court and I would watch you do what 12

People I would learn how to set bail

Can you do that anytime you want Can you just get in there and

watch the the ad is yes now there's bomb that tag because you have that the reason why you're there do you have to

if you're interested in the case

yeah go down there and just watch it What if you you know

for whatever reason there's a speeding thing like someone lost their license and they got arrested driving trying to get away from cops

you go watch that go go home support job. I

like to go see I would like to see what the fuck was going on when those guys are trying to get away from the cops to helicopters chasing them with the spotlights and they just keep going like what the fuck were you thinking like what I would like to get to that courtroom here I want to see that guy. I want to look at the guy that was like running from the cops the fucking spotlight from the helicopter on me knew he wasn't gonna get away and he's cutting people off and driving the fucking side of the nobody ever gets away. Has anybody ever gotten away recently? The other night

parking garage I couldn't find them oh yeah, they get away

the percentages let me explain the percentages are very fucking low it's tough to get away bro they got you once those helicopter spot you run into neighborhoods you gotta make sure you use

it to a mall they have cameras they can rewind the cameras watch you go if you running into the mall you know There he is. I will spot on the

card that they what happens here you want to know what happened to see what happens all right first of all, usually spike skyline is following you. So that's the news. Yeah, they got to put you on the floor kick your legs do everything by procedure on camera and they pick you up the handcuffs Yeah, and they put you to the side of the car. The guy tells you this whole white version of what happened to the pursuit started on the

white version he's wanted subject yes suspect was moving at a high rate has been fucking

you know if I just had to chase you for 20 miles i piston my you. So they put you in the fucking trunk. They put you in the backseat and whenever the cameras take pictures, and they put a cop next year, on the drive day, you got a couple backhands to your face. You get them saying that you you hit the steering wheel the same day a couple times. Then you go in there and you sit in a holding tank and then you fuck in. If you're with one another person used to you just shut your fucking mouth. You want to call your lawyer call him when you want to call your lawyer because you want one of the other guys to get a lawyer. So they like that you have to get it's pub. It's it's conflict of interest. So me you and Jamie got arrested right now. I'm gonna shut my mind and tell you I'm gonna call my attorney later. Because I know for a fact Jamie's gonna get a public defender. So now I can't get a public defender because that's conflict of interest. So the state has to pay for a different attorney for me. Well, a lot of people don't know that. So if you got arrested with two or three people, you keep your mouth shut. Yeah call my attorney later. You have an attorney I forget his name. But Jamie cop, public defender. Now to public defenders cam represent how Now you got a better chance of getting a better attorney and the state pays for it so next time you pay for your mortgage you go god dammit this day thanks aside it's because the jerk off like me went with fucking Johnny run by robots. And fuck him. He wants 100 An hour even though the state will give before now it's like wholesale items I am but at least I got a better type of Atari game the system you gave the system it really is fucking crazy how I love figuring this shit out.

You will do you write rewriting things down? Like you weren't even thinking you just automatically started writing down numbers and percentages. Shit.

Oh yeah, I love this shit. I grew up in a shit. It is like a sport. So that's what he'll do hot. And by the time we bring on a rape case, you got to go up there and relive the story and tell the dates and when there was a rape kit. It's very fucking tough. There's going to be very interesting, bro. What's going to happen? The only thing is anything he tops to, he's going to come back and I'm like, oh, Jay, and try to assume so just live in Florida making fucking Super Eight films down there. In fucking Miramar, Florida, I will fucking go.

This is crazy when you see someone get sued, because

they work the system. I'm not saying nothing bad here. That's what your advisors and your people around you will tell you. He's in the hot water for the rest of his life. Because even if he gets that down to like an assault charge, and he has to serve eight months, 12 months, which is really eight. Once he gets out, all the civil suits are gonna come at him. And then he has to pull an OJ move to Florida where they can't touch your pension or some bullshit money in the sunlight that

Wow.

It's really crazy. This is not unrelated to what we're talking about right now. So this has happened I think since we've been live. Kevin Spacey uploaded this video on his YouTube channel, where he's in character is Frank Underwood. And since this has come out today, he's now been indicted on rape charges and Matt Massachusetts, I believe Whoa, felony rape charge.

So it's his plea to get his job back

this might have come out without him knowing that was going to happen. I don't know. I was to see if he wanted to watch it and see what he's doing.

Should we watch it? If we watch it we're gonna get kicked off YouTube is its fair use ish ish.

I mean, it should be definitely fair use we can always watch a minute or something like that. Alright, second seventh series doing

is Washington hands

on know what you want? Oh, sure. They may have tried to separate us. But what we have is too strong. It's too powerful. I mean, after all, we shared everything you and I, I told you my deepest, darkest secrets. I showed you exactly what people are capable of. I shocked you with my honesty. But mostly I challenged you and made you think. And you trusted me. Even though you knew you shouldn't. So we're not done no matter what anyone says. And besides, I know what you want. You want me back? Of course some believed everything. And I've just been waiting with bated breath to him. He confessed at all. They're just dying to have me declare that everything said is true and that I got what I deserved. wouldn't be easy. If it was all so simple. Only you and I both know it's never that simple. Not in politics and not in life. But you wouldn't believe the worst.

Karen characters 100% supposed to be dead in a show Correct?

Change. That's strange to watch. Because, well,

you know, what's strange is he seems a little off his game. Right? I mean, if he was playing Frank Underwood, yeah, he seems a little off like okay, we're a little tense on that one. Let's. Let's get into this. You're Frank Underwood. Come on, man. Kevin, Kevin. You're Frank Underwood. I'm Frank Underwood. And then boom, hit it a second time. It's a second take felt smoother. Second take felt smoother. You know, it seems like acting. It's weird. It's not like it's great character. That character is fucking great character. I mean, the Frank Underwood character is like one of the all time TV characters but that's just weird. He's brought him in the real life.

Really himself. Yeah.

What happened on this is what for statutory Fox News, according to Fox News, but this is what everywhere else too. He shared this video as he's announced that he's facing felony sexual assault. Assault charges for assaulting a teenage son of a former news anchor and Nantucket The bar in 2016

he was going off on that powder. Oh, God knows the power they give you and what you buy into just to make that tape. Just shows you how fucking creepy he is get. I

really think to be that good at acting you gotta be out of your fucking mind. Kevin Spacey he's a bad motherfucker when it comes to acting. All the horrible things he's done aside, there's a there's a quality about someone that's that good. You know, they're just gotta like a certain amount of insanity. There's not a apologizing for his actions. Everything he did is horrendous. But I mean, to be surprised that you're seeing him seem crazy there. No, that's not surprising. He's too. He's too good to not be crazy. Like, I would assume that they're all when they're not crazy. I'm shocked. You know, when someone says, uh, you know, seems to like Daniel Day Lewis doesn't seem to be crazy, right? He just seems to be obsessed. It seems to be obsessed with work. Maybe I'm wrong. I think all those brilliant motherfuckers are out of their mind. Just his out of his mind is the Gemini show horrible? I did when I was a kid. My grandparents did especially shepherds

are very smart, intelligent. Yeah. But they all have a quirk. They all have a core. You know, my mom wouldn't new to hers. If she had a female it bleed once a month, which made him even fucking crazy. So when I was a kid, my mom had one that you can go to next to a purse. My buddy stinky had one of my buddies sneaking out a German shepherd that was pure authentic. You could walk in the house, have a great time. I date and make a move for the door. So he built all our friends in the ass. He didn't like when people left every one of them. So every one of us because of the extreme of what we do, including yourself. has to have some something you and I were on the phone last week speaking about Bill Burr. He wanted a helicopter. He plays drums. Yeah, he's a comedian. He's a dad. He doesn't animated series. You know, you know? So hey, you want a helicopter with Bill Burr flying around the city. But two nights earlier he you would laugh at him on stage while he made fun of some fucking when I saw him last he was hysterical. Make them follow you Obama tour. Yeah. You know, so you follow me? Yeah. Goes extremities is what makes you good at your main thing. You know, the fact that that fucking effect. All those different things. The fact that cowboy Cerrone fights at a high level of competition. But then two weeks later, he's high diving off a cliff. Motorcycle Racing, not

just die. He does it while he's in training while he's

in training. Yeah, that's what makes people who the fuck they are. You know, when it comes to drugs, psychedelics are the hard shit. You know, you get these people that for years, I heard rumors about certain actors that they show up on the set. Stoke coked up from the night before. But give them three cups of coffee, give them breakfast and take a shower. And then whoever they're supposed to be. So for that last eight hours, they kept it together for the other 20 they were a fucking mess. Wildly to the

guys like Nick Nolte. Right. Nick Nolte is one of the greats for sure. Right. I mean, unbelievable actor, and he had some serious, serious substance abuse issues. And his past

Gen Michael Vincent should have taken over Hollywood. Watch the mechanic. Yeah, we have listened bro. The me to movement was a great movement made people you know, whatever the words to to let people was but waiting to happen to Marilyn Monroe. She was the first me to victim Marilyn Monroe was if you look at it from an angle, they passed around Joe Rogan, between the president Nick bonnet Connie the fucking mobster in Chicago, and who else passed around? She was married to Mickey Mantle. She was married how many fucking times she was married to the playwright tape tormented that poor girl. Then they found her but then I will help or whatever. No, no, no to me, Marilyn Monroe when I see Marilyn Monroe. She's the first fucking original meter. You know, that that knocking down all of Gardiner and Schrader on Sunset Boulevard. But the last everything is closed. The Nerd mouth is closed. Everything is closed on that block. The only thing that still open is that flower shop they finally decided to close after 1000 years. But that was the flower shop where if you wanted to take my lemon rod and press it, you got to order flowers from that flower shop. That was what it was famous for that DiMaggio Sinatra. Everybody ordered flowers for her for that shop. If you knew her, they'd say, what do you what is she, like, get flowers from that place on Sunset. But she was the original. Come on, Doc. Think about how tragic her life was. And she was beautiful. She was young, and I had them all. But all of a sudden, slick young guy comes along with his olive oil voice and his tight shoes. And he takes her away from me. I'm a man that cannot be whomever the hell it is that what that dude tells Waltz is nobody tells Robert Duvall when he comes over and tells me once a notch in the movie. Yeah. And he goes there's a piece has and I've had them all. And she was the best piece app but just to show you. It's not about dollars and cents. I put singing lessons into dancing lessons. She was gonna be a fucking star. But all of a sudden, your boy comes along with his olive oil voice and his shiny shoes. And he makes a taster away from me. I'm not a man to be humiliated. You know what that felt like? And he goes off on me throw his fucking what's his name out? The next morning? He wakes up in the dead horses bed.

That's right.

That's the speech he gives him that Sinatra fucking took his girl. That's

right. The horse in the bed scene was one of the most fucked up scenes ever in a movie.

Especially when you're 10 Yeah,

because a horse's head Oh, they really? Oh yeah, they kill the fucking horse for that seen 100% That ain't a fucking rubber horse. That's a real horse's head. You ever watch it again?

No.

I don't think I'm mistaken. I'm pretty sure I remember this. I remember that. It was I might have a shed my

I think that they might fucking throw you in jail. Today. Today even then in the

late 70s You can get away with this

way but rose made what he was gonna throw the dog out the plane and inspect the showed up and they kept saying oh, all shit. Well, that's the movies the stuntman and jam Michael Vincent comes to take his job. There's an old Burt Reynolds movie I bought. I bought a hopper that's a movie about Burt Reynolds being Bertrand the baddest stunt man of all time. But then jam Michael shows up and jam Mike was gonna eat his lunch. But then Burt Reynolds puts jam Michael in his place, and they make the jump in the car together. But the funny thing about that movie is that he has to jump out of a building. And the guy that played the inspector was a wacky guy when he got here

Jamie Snopes

article it's true.

Oh Canada horse. The studio had encouraged Francis Ford Coppola to use a fake horse head but he didn't take he didn't like the mock up. His scouts found a horse ready for slaughter at a dog food plant in New Jersey. The art director pick one that looked like the horse in the film and said when that one is slaughtered send us the head. Said one day a crate with dry eyes came with a horse's head in it far Well, sounds like they're gonna kill the horse anyway. That's probably better than not using it. Right but people have attached we they served horse rectum once on fear factor. And horse people got real mad. They get very mad. This the scene? Here we go. Imagine being this poor fuck. And being entangled with the mob back then. This is supposed to be filmed in what like the 50s as well. supposed to take place in the 50s I'm

not showing it just

right other than people at home,

they can look okay, it's very fast.

But what's really scary about this scene is that they came into your house while you were sleeping. They didn't wake you up. And they put a horse's head on the sheet message under your sheets.

So lucky realizes there's some blood. Now he's looking around. He's like what the fuck? What the fuck is this? How good is his actor who's his actor? What's his name? He's been in everything.

Fog is blood.

Yeah, he's looking at the blood. It's all over his fact sheets. I mean, it's fucking crazy. And that's real blood too. And there's a horse's head. They start screaming chopped as fuck and all that stuff and in bed with him. That was like a prized stallion that he had right. He fucking

took him to the end he had assaulted. He insulted. He goes to you Get out. And I know bandleader and he knows Yeah, I heard about that story because that was a story. Michael tells the chicken of the day. How do you know Sinatra? She goes well, my father's Stormies Godfather, and he goes, what does that mean? And he goes he sang with the Tommy Dorsey command. And Tommy said, I'm not releasing them and they put a gun to his head. Look at bras he put a gun to his head and said, You're either gonna sign it or your brains gonna be across it. Which one they paid $1 For Sinatra

so that's why we're this guy shows up because I ain't no fucking bandleader. And that was the last time you tell some guy like Robert Duvall, Robert Dubrow says, If you mind, I have a plane. I'll be a driver sent over a plane get me to the playing because Vito quality and he's a man of assisting bad news right away, and hearing bad news right away. And he goes, You got to tell him and the next morning and that was Jesus Christ. What a way to send somebody a message though.

That was a good fucking movie. All those movies were great. I had a guy. The problem is that got Italians way too into being Italian. They started overemphasized.

I will tell you, I will tell you this joke. I told you this a couple of weeks ago. And I know it's tough for you. It's tough for me. Subtitles but this episode in Argos is really been one

they're doing it all in subtitles. No, they gotta

watch but it's tough for people to watch. But like I thought the guy who play Pablo was a bad fit. Like I was saying the other day I was telling somebody you know what, man? I grew up watching American movies and I loved them. But my undercurrent was watching Spanish television. From the age of five to eight or nine, there was a couple of novellas that I really appreciated. And I kinda like the acting I was like, these guys can fucking act, but I forgot all about it and I watched man on fire. And men on fire had some phenomenal Spanish acting. Plus they had the Italian guy Giancarlo Giannini how bad of a fucking how bad of a motherfucker italiana you will get name is Gian Carlo Jia Nene. He's the one that was in Hannibal. That animal stabs him and then fucking throws his guts out in the fucking. I don't know if you've ever watch Hannibal No, never shows up. And that's how he kills him to stomach. But he's the cop and man on fire. The one who's who? pings Jesus the girl's ass. Yeah, man on fire had a lot of good like side actors, but a lot of great Spanish acting. So I was just Narcos and all that and all the shows are coming back. I'm watching these dudes and I'm like, bro, he's tired. These guys from old soap opera, Spanish soap operas, which is tough. If you've ever did a soap opera. It's a tough I did General Hospital. And let me tell you some. If I would have gotten off a plane and nongeneral asthma, I would have gotten fired. Thank God, I was here 12 and 13 years, and I knew my way around the set. You know when you book a soapbox? Nobody talks to you. You don't know. Yeah. Like you walk into CBS ABC over there and oh god street you walk in there look at your ID and they go go to room 27 You go to your office you fucking your suits there. And I saw the lady comes in he goes, How are you doing? My name is Mildred. Watch the TV. And look we have numbers to come up. So you sit down you write your numbers. I'm insane. 27 chapter eight. And you sit down with wardrobe. For you. We haven't go there at eight o'clock and I'd be in my car all the time. Really? How many soap operas do three general hospital three episodes? Yeah, find that

out. Three episodes a general hospital amazing.

I played a recovering fucking preacher who had been in prison. And I came out and now I was a fucking Marin's thing, bro when they called me like they called me they were interested that you send me your reel and I'm like, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. So Benjamin Brett those good looking dudes they started on General Hospital and you want me Are you fucking crazy? I sent them a real I swear to god my agents like they really want your real job. What do you want me to do? I'm like oh, send it home. What do you want me to deliver? gonna hire me bro? They called right back. Come on down for three days. Wow. You walk in there. Joe Rogan you give me your ID. It's that fast. You go to your room. Those Say scene 28 Prepare wardrobe. You're 10 minutes away. You put whatever wardrobe they give you on. They have cue cards for you. They have a year under a fucking under the cameras. It's a three camera shoot. You go out it says okay, actor number 28 Come on you come out. Aidan, Jerry, very nice to meet you. Okay, let's do this action. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Let's say you fuck up your line. They don't give a fuck. Like if you start from all over now we're starting from that line. Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba got moving ahead. Wow, awesome. They switch you out of a bar. They put makeup on you. And they're like, you've not seen Sylvia for five minutes, bro. Five minutes, they come right back to you. Alright, you're ready to scene three. And you're like, What the fuck? Bah bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, your rap. Thank you for coming down. Nobody talks to you. Nobody does nothing. Hmm.

So it's not. It's they're just trying to get it out quick.

They don't hold your hand. It's eight to five. Wow. Being on a soap opera is probably the easiest way. Like if you landed on General Hospital. You're gonna be in a general husband for 30 years. That dude's been on there for 30 years. Yeah. You know, you could be on the people been

on it for a long time. Yeah. So it's, it's eight to five general hospital was that Luke and Laura? was? That was Luke and Laura. Right? Remember Luke and Laura. Do that. happen. There was a thing that happened in soap operas. And it happened while I was a kid, Luke and Laura transcended General Hospital and became a thing all throughout the world. These people. Yeah, these people. Remember this didn't make sense because the dude's hair was weird. And it was a strange couple into the

scene with Doug. They were weird. Yeah, I did a scene with him. She was a little too hot

for him. It didn't make a whole lot of sense. But it worked. But for whatever reason, it caught fire culturally and became a big thing. And I think I was in high school at the time. Their Their wedding was in 1983. Okay, yeah. So I was in high school. While I was in high school. This was all going down and everybody paid attention to Luke and Laura, who was like the General Hospital thing took over the country. It was like on the cover of People magazine and shit. It was everywhere. It was this one weird relationship on a soap opera, for some reason, just became this gigantic phenomenon that everybody was watching. I mean, I was watching it. I was like you said 30 million viewers. looking crazy.

What was what was what was the show with a good look and singer? I wish she was Jessie's Girl. Oh, Rick Springfield

General Hospital. And I watched that. Yeah, it wasn't even him. See of him. If he was with Laura. I watched that. He's a handsome son of a bitch. That Rick Springfield you know, and he was a double threat. He was on General Hospital and he was a badass singer that Jessie's Girl that song. If you're in fucking like wild wings, and Jessie's Girl comes on

the beginning of it.

Jessie's Girl he's still out there hitting it. Still touring? Yeah,

he's still touring.

I think he was at the canyon club and agora. He's out there. That dude was when I was in high school. That dude was on top of the fucking food chain. Every girl had a poster him on a wall. Yeah, I'm in Lake Tahoe next month, February Good for him.

It's crazy that whatever soap opera was on, from 12 to one was a big time soap opera. And there was a bar in New York. And there was a bar in New Jersey in my neighborhood. That if you walked in there from 12 to one, and you said a word, somebody would tell you to shut the fuck up. And it was 98% men and they would serve lunch. And it was the one I would go to was the Midtown lounge. But there was another

one so there was a lunchtime soap opera. Yeah, that men

left their jobs for construction guys. And they would sit down and watch this soap opera on two TVs like it was a Yankee game. What the fuck? And then they would go back to work.

I forget what strain is that? How strange is that? That was a thing. It

was a big thing at one point. And I still remember you know if you dated a girl and she stayed on Wednesdays to watch dynasty bitch you stayed on dynasty night if that's gonna get them lucky cookie that makes

sense for like, today it's translatable. You know, Sunday night Game of Thrones is on or whatever night It's on. It's like people do get together and they watch it live as it goes on. That makes sense. What doesn't make sense is that the market for those kind of soap operas was was appealing to men and high school kids. Like we were all watching it.

Who shot Jr Brown

does Dallas but that's a no no.

Now we're talking then. Yeah, not only were they sucking you in the daytime in those days? This is all the 80s we're talking about the 80s Correct. Okay, what the fuck was going on at night off Right You had Dallas, and you had what was the one on ABC with Alexis Carrington dynasty and that dynasty that was bad as a bad girl right now. The chicken played the princess on that. That was supposed to be Alexis, his daughter. And she was having an affair with Dexter Dexter. She's the one right now that's going through that thing when a daughter in the sex ring up in Connecticut there was a sex ring. No Whoa, whatever. Right? Like she's a princess. His real life catches Yes. She's the one that's going through all that with the daughter. I remember her being on dynasty as a hot hot and she was Alexis his daughter. But Dex Dexter was Alexis his husband and she had some decks Dexter Glover name is that look

at that cast.

Joan Collins. She's still hot back then. She's original milk, right? Yeah, for sure. Because she was super hot. How old? Do you think she was back then? 50 Yeah,

she was 51 and she was flushing that she was hot as fuck. And look at Ricardo month and bomb. How much do got paid on that fucking Island? How they Island how they haven't done a remake of fantasy. They did.

A comic with a couple comics went out there and did it. Yeah, they hadn't. They hadn't really was on TV for a little bit. No, they wasn't The Love Boat. Was a clue about my confusion. It

was before fucking

No, but I mean, a new version of it was there was either a new version of The Love Boat or new version of Fantasy Island. It's one of the two either showing up near their one dynasty actually was it was in the 90s it was it was in the 90s because Oh, yeah. Do you remember cheering red Wilson the night? Yeah. I bless the show. Jerry red Wilson was supposed to be filming that what was it? Which one was about the next will love cherry red. Wilson was supposed to be filming that show. And he went to a doctor and turned on he had meningitis. And I guess apparently he left the doctor's office

because he was awaiting he had to go to the honeymoon. And he

by the time he got there, I guess flying when you have that's really bad. By the time he got there, he died. We died shortly after. It's horrible. Horrible to hear.

Who's a good guy who was good guy. Funny. Funny. So you

had a lot of fucking character. I worked with that kid a lot in New York. We did gigs together on the road together a little bit too.

It was a good little clique. I remember living in Seattle and he came up Louie CK came up all those guys were all coming up together at that time in New York. So it was a good bunch of guys, you know? Yeah.

Yeah, man.

They do remake a lot of fucking television shows. I mean, it is fucking ridiculous. They remake so many shows. Basically. Is it that hard to come up with a new line of thought? Like how many more the zombie shows they're gonna have? They have a new zombie show, right? I think they're making World War Z as China but there's a new Walking Dead in China now. I think Jesus Christ like that. I think I know what's gonna happen bad things.

You know, like you have when you were growing up, I don't know what a fuck he grew up. Let's just say Boston for a while. That was one fucking sandwich shop. And he wanted to do all the time but little Italian guy. And he made you legit sandwich and all sudden, another guy opened up. But that was cool. But now subway came. And now the Safeway started making sandwiches. So now nobody's making money. It's the same thing with movies and TV. It's like, there's so much content we can't keep up with it can't keep up. You can't keep up with the amount of content that's out there. So when you try to remake the show, I want it to be that we make a ton of shit. But they forget the main element of it, which is the heart aspect of it.

Let me tell you something you got to see. That's good. That's out right now on Amazon Prime. Marvelous Mrs Maisel. Tremendous.

Some of you some mediums. You watched it. Yeah. The two episodes are my wife. She's

She's a stand up comic. And she's hanging out with Lenny Bruce. It's fucking amazing. It's

a good book show. Real good show.

It's a real good show. This is the first show I've ever watched on Amazon Prime. It's very easy to do. You just set it up through the Apple TV with a login. Bam. Fucking thing. It's difficult. It's like but the thing about like things like Apple TV or Netflix that are so good is once you logged in. It's right there. Right? You go to it. It's easy. We're so lazy now that the extras Step to log in to another service whether it's whatever it is, you know what another thing on top of the getting on to iTunes or another one one more thing oh my god I gotta use my password I like that little extra step even just setting it up once you get it set up you can just go do it but before you do that that extra step bothers the shit out of people for whatever reason

he's sees

I don't know how to do this I just have my wife programming for me on my iPad you know not I go to the plane I put her to airplane mode. I hit the Wi Fi thing and next thing you know I'm watching fucking TV. I get it. I tried to keep it's like I'm Mark right now I'm on the second time watching Narcos Mexico because I liked the acting so much that the guy Diego Luna Joe Rogan ain't no joke. That do was in Dubai. Ma tambien it's such a difference. He's such a badass motherfucker. I don't want to spoil a fever. Fuck you. Have you ever watched by now you slipping? Yeah, only

watch the first two seasons. Do you

watch the Pablo season? Yeah. Which were he was very good. He was a very good actor. I enjoyed him. Then the third season with the Cali Cartel. And that was okay. This Mexican one is sitting low on this. We're fully baseball. When you watch this shit explains a lot why Felipe Bay's the way Felipe is I tell you what if I could move to Sinaloa I would I belong down. It's just a city full of fucking fucking crazy thieves. You know, they're just crazy. And they figured out how to grow weed in the desert. And they were making $30 million dollars a week a bunch of crazed fucking Indians.

We never found out how much what percentage of marijuana did we use to have is your right but

it's also really hard to test back then. And yeah, they weren't testing back testing Right? Right. Yeah,

strongest weed I was smoking back then was chocolate die weed that we've made you go fucking crazy.

Someone did explain to me the difference between strains that were raised in Afghanistan and and strains that came from other places

right like right now being our friend from the store. He got a feed from Afghani weed from the old days shit. So he re pollenizer that I guess the word he uses the word and he keeps trying to get that seed but I started smoking again a weed you were going for? You

were going for a ride but your your tolerance is so high now. And the weed you're smoking is weapon grade. I mean, you're you are you are smoking some of the most insane weed I ended up with a vape pen the other day, a simple little vape pen. I took one hit. I was obliterated. I couldn't believe it. I now damn strongly are now you gotta be really careful. Now. I was cocky. I was treating like the old ones, especially those disposable ones. You can take three four hits before you even feel it. One hit obliterated. But

especially since I stopped with the edibles that changed the game. Yeah. The edible drop changed the game on you 100%

off the edibles. 100%

I got a job. Buddy George has 1000 milligram edibles. And he gave me two bags. I think like tonight I'll take a bite out of the other book because it's Christmas. But I had to cut it out because it was just killing me. It was it was taken away from my other high. I enjoy taking two hits off a pipe in the morning. gets me going and gets me listening to music. I'm writing a little bit I'm loose. I love being loose. I like the Muay Thai and nine I too it's me and I enjoy that shit. I can't. When I go on the road, I don't bring a pipe. So I got to bring joints in me. If I got to come down off the 11th floor and walk two blocks. I gotta smoke the whole fucking joy. Do I gotta go back to my room and pass out. Like that's how strong the weed is. I can just kills me. Especially now that I'm not eating them anymore. Yeah, just kills me mummified me. I go back to the room I watch two three episodes is so mad.

This scientists making wheat now I mean, they've gotten they got real botanists involved. There's money in it now and now that it's opening up in Canada it's gonna be really weird. Because in Canada, they're making it legal right it's legal now. So I'm pretty sure RJ Reynolds is that who wasn't just dumped a shit ton of money into some marijuana production in Canada that's gonna fall suit the United States it's there's too much money involved in it and it's going to be good for everybody. It's going to be good for capitalism. It's going to be good for people getting marijuana as long as regular people can sell marijuana to let fucking RJ Reynolds as long as they don't put some restrictions like they were trying to put was it you Jamie told me about what they were trying to do in Ohio where they were trying Wanna make it set up where you could, you could grow weed, but only a couple companies could grow it so that we would be legal, but only a couple companies will monopolize. And then everybody was like, fuck this,

but they ended up passing it. I

believe. That's terrible. It's sad that that mean that's such a corruption. That's like saying, Okay, you could have tomatoes, but we're the only ones who grow these fucking tomatoes. Like why it's a tomato. That's a law against nature. So you're saying that nature can't take place? I can't put a seed in the ground grow my own shit. Get the fuck out here. Is it legal? It's legal. Okay. How's it different than corn? How's it different than a fucking pear tree? It's not it's a legal life form. It's a life form. It's a plant, you're allowed to grow it. And if you say can't grow it, you got a corrupt system. You got some bullshit law that you weaseled in because you greased up some assholes and the other people don't have as much money as you do. It's the only reason why that ever happens. Or people are so desperate to get legal weed. They let some dickhead dominate the entire industry some greedy Fuck, no, the deal is it's legal or it's not legal. Otherwise, we're in some sort of a weird dictatorship. You know, this is not, you can't just decide it's legal. But you're the only one gets to make money. Fuck you. It's a plant. That's crazy. Imagine if you owned all the pine trees in the country. dominate my country. My pine trees. You want to buy pine? You're buying it from me? I find you at a fucking Christmas tree. I'll take you out. Crazy, though

what happened last week would come up? I don't know. In New York. He said he wants to legalize weed. Oh,

yeah, he wants to make it recreationally legal in New York, stupid to shoot down. You should be making money off of it. It exists no matter what you do. If you're a capitalist, if you're a person who believes in free market, you already have whiskey, you already have pills, people can get hot. They're not so just they're just not stopped with the childish arguments. Give the fucking people freedom and make money off it you dummies. That's what everybody should be doing. They should make it legal and profit off it and they will shouldn't stop with that either. It should go to mushrooms should go to a lot of different things. It should set up clinics set up places where people can go through mushroom therapy, people that suffer they're coming back from the war, PTSD, you know, there's there's so many different benefits for depression. People that are getting ready to you know, to pass away, they have extreme anxiety, a lot of that is alleviated by mushrooms, people that have gone through, like extensive cancer treatment and realize the terminal. One of the best things for these people is mushrooms. That helps them eases their pain and suffering in their last dying days. And it doesn't seem to have any negative effects. You know, other than the occasional person losing their fucking marbles, which is going to happen no matter what you do. It's something that should be studied. And it's not something that should be free, and it could benefit people. So it should be fucking legal. I

think if everybody modeled what Colorado is doing, people see it. You know, there's a lot of naysayers in this business. And they don't understand that in Colorado, you get tax rebates.

Not only that Colorado's real estate went through the fucking roof. Yeah, you know, this

is this is something that I hope most states go for. And I know that there's a back angle to it. It's a gateway drug. It's this. It's that it depends what you do with it. You know,

I only argument is traffic fatalities. That's the only argument. And have we had a lot of increase in traffic fatalities. But what I've read is it depends on who it The problem is, it's hard to find the study. That's absolutely correct. Some say there's been an increase, some say the increments increase corresponds to the population increase. I've read that too. I don't know if that's true. But that kind of makes sense that if you get more people in the city, you're going to have more people driving gonna have more traffic accidents, period. So if the number just goes up, but the population has increased by 14%, or whatever it's done. That would kind of make sense. But also, let's be honest, some people don't drive very well when they're high. And if you're out there driving high in space and out, you're a fucking idiot, you might slam into a car that's entirely possible to and to deny that that's possible seem silly, but I think that it's like everything else. There's people that are responsible people, and there's people that aren't, and there's people that are good drivers, and there's people that aren't as people that drive distracted as people that don't pay attention to shit and then there's people that do you know whether they're high or sober. I would rather have you driving than a lot of people driving sober. I know you don't fuck with your phone when you're driving. I've seen you drive you drive you take it fucking seriously. You look around. You're not You're not interested in getting a stupid car accident because you weren't paying attention. I've seen you drive. I'll fucking take you high any day of the week out driver that was a cell phone addiction.

I drive very defensively. I watch everything. I watch everything coming from all angles. Especially today. You have to double check everything when you drive. Yeah, our dear friend when we live when they leave me i hit by a car dog. Yeah heard three weeks ago crossing the fucking street.

She broke both her legs. Yeah. Aaron,

I want people understand that you have to have your eyes open and I don't take nothing for granted. I don't care if that guy's stopping there when I'm making that right, I'm watching that motherfucker. Plus I gotta watch for pedestrians because they will walk out anyway next thing that you drag on the guy pretty fucking blocks. So

I did not know that when he was hit by a car. Yeah, she was in a car accident. No, she

she was there was no right away the whole thing. I mean, somebody was telling me the story. I mean, it was just, you have to pay fucking attention. So I drive there's only a little New York and my drive. There's only a little New York and my drive. Number two, I drive away from people I do take the two or three car lanes. I never did that till about 10 years ago, left rear ended somebody. You when driving in a place where you have to assume unless you're fucking stupid that 30% of the people for the last 10 years have been driving high. Then you got to add another 20% for people that are texting and driving. Then you got to add another 10% for people who are just visiting it. And I'm looking around going oh my god, look how beautiful California is. It's a fuck every time you get a car. You have to drive a certain way. Was it how I thought 20 years ago? No, I want to get that. Why do you think I'm against high speed cars? I want to do 90 Joe. I'm getting a Porsche I'm doing 90 I ripped the ticket up. You give me a ticket on rip.

I knew you were gonna get one of those Cadillacs for a while but you decided not to. Because

I gotta I gotta for you to see my feet. My foot is very large. They're very large. And once they rest on it, it's 90. Okay, so

you're on that gas pedal.

I made it to San Diego. And back. Don't say anybody. Don't. Don't tell people the secret. It's not illegal. Okay. I'm sick and tired of people coming to me going oh my god. The drive to San Diego was horrific. What time did you go? One in the afternoon? Can I smack you down? Or should I smack in the mouth later? That's four hours. That's three and a half.

But isn't that crazy that it takes that long. But if you get

in your car at nine, and you do fuck it at because all you need to do is get out of LA. Once you pass the Commerce Casino. It's a river dirty. Nobody gives a Frenchmans fuck. You stay that second the left lane. You just doing 7580? It's an hour, an hour 45. On the way back, I made it from La Jolla and our 30. Well, because that's the easy route. So did you hit the five north? You bagging up? The whole web lick all the way to Camp Pendleton. This is your hidden ad. You know, I'm saying you don't give a fuck. You gotta fucking serious on it's nobody out there.

It's a weird area, though, too. When you're coming back from San Diego says it's militarized and you're

hit AD AD AD AD AD. Then when the road starts to thin. That means you're about to hit immigration, they're going to ask you if you got oranges. You know, we're never out there. Those motherfuckers however, that this is 911 All right. You just once I hit that point, I kick it to 100 Till I hit Irvine. Once I hit Irvine spectrum, I come down to about 8080 8080 and then sc la 19 miles back up to 100. But then you're going to hit traffic because you're gonna hit the 10 to five. Everybody's hooking up you couldn't get on the one on one. But then I get back on that 134 And that 134 No, the five goes until the 134 and next thing I you know drama. That night driving from San Diego is the way to do it.

Yeah, you definitely want to drive home after the gig. You don't want to wait for the morning fuck

though sometimes you're so tired. You scared? No, no. That wheel that morning as two hours. No. You stop yourself a nice coffee. You fucking Zang all the way back to last. No, you're

right. That's what you definitely should do. But man that you know what the key for folks who you worry about falling asleep in your car. while you're driving, get a rag or a t shirt and get some ice. It's the best wet rag with ice in it is the best just rubbing on your face real quick. And you wakes you write the fuck up and it lasts for a few minutes. And then just do it again a few minutes later and you'll be fine the whole way home. If you can keep ice and a like a washcloth or something like that with ice in it and it gets wet. Just keep rubbing your face. It's better than anything. I used to smack myself in the face. When I was getting up early in the morning to do newspapers. I was delivering newspapers then I would do gigs at night. I was fucking tired man. I would be coming back, you know at midnight from this gig and I knew how to get up at 5am to deliver newspapers. versus depending upon the day. And I'm just talking smack myself in the face because I was falling asleep at the wheel. I would just feel my eyes getting heavy and I'm opening them up and I couldn't keep it. I just fuck whack. And if you whack yourself in the face, it lasts for like a couple of minutes. Like you're like gee, oh, just my whole face would be stinging, you know, just like seriously slap myself really hard in the face.

Never fucking coffee guy. Like I was as a kid I mingled in Cuban coffee, but I just straight away from it. So when I first started triple runs, I would have my kid at two in the afternoons on Sunday, and I will get off stage and Boise, Idaho had an 1130 on a triple run, my car would be filled with gas. And I get it and I didn't hail four or five of those no dollars. And I will go to a gas station and get the biggest mountain dew they ever had an airline and that would go for six hours, I would eat no dos. But one of the worst experiences I ever had was I was falling asleep like I was done. And it was fucking 10 below zero, you know, and I pulled over on the side of the road. I turned my lights on, I put the brake lights on. And I kicked the seat back and laid down with the heat blasting and the cloud was out. And at one point I opened up my eyes and I thought I had lost control the car in your mind you feel like I lose can I remember holding on to Mr. Will my heart almost stop and going thank God and get fucking hit here. But I was a no dos this is way before red bow blue bull Red Bull whatever that shit is. Yeah, but I still remember doing coke all night and shooting a short film for Fox. And I never forget that fucking they gave me two Red Bulls. I drank two of them. And I still fell asleep and this is that I Go Red Bull sucks. The fuck is a Red Bull and they'll get about it. Yeah. Yeah, the fucking Red Bulls on to deck a what

do you think of this John Jones shit. It's going on? Do you know what's happened? The UFC is moving from Vegas. I saw

this last last time I got home from the Comedy Store. Break it down for me. I'm

having Jeff Novitzky come on and break down scientifically on Thursday. A lot of people are calling bullshit, including Daniel Cormier. I talked to call me on the phone. He was like, he tested positive again. Do you believe this ship and they get a little fight? I found out about it from Cormier call me he told them they're gonna move the fight to LA I go, No, he goes, Yes, Joe, that move the fight down. I'm like, No, this can't be real. It didn't seem real. Like I don't believe this. I looked at his Comey aids Twitter. And I said, it said he tested positive again. And then I looked at when what this is like first thing in the morning. And he's like, again, again. But from what I understand from reading Ariel Helwani is transcript of his interview with Andy Foster, and hearing what Jeff Novitzky has had say about it. What it is, is the num, the amount of it is so infantile decimal, and it's the exact same metabolite that he had been screened for that he tested positive for a year ago. And that this shit could stay in a system. In those kinds of sizes of the molecule. It's like some 500,000,000th of a grain of sand or something like that. See, Google with the actual number of the cow small this molecule is. So Andy Foster is said, again, through this transcription of this interview that he did with Ariel Helwani, that it's the same metabolite for the same substance that he tested positive for that is the same instance that the the number of it and it indicates that this is something he's already been punished for same exact, he's already gone through his you know, his steps. And this is just a infantile decimally. Small metabolite. That's, that's what I'm hearing. So I would love to hear someone who doesn't think that that's the case that thinks there might be some way to game the system. And the big thought that people always bring up when it comes to this stuff is micro dosing, someone micro dosing, like, you're the one that told me about that. First, you were telling me about somebody, Alex Rodriguez, yeah, who was taking testosterone.

And he was so he wouldn't be up for the seventh, eighth and ninth inning. But by the time the 10th inning came, if they tested him, it would be out of the system.

So I would imagine the testing is better now. And this is one of the things is that Novitsky wants to get into that the testing is far superior now. So you're able to pick up these metabolites and much, much smaller quantities. Okay, this is

so this test is from December 9. Yeah, I want to see what his test here it was. is leading up to that

everything apparently was cleaned before they said we were notified earlier this month of an issue. He has had overs most recent tests were very small amount I'll pack describe how small it is. of a long term metabolite substance called DHC. Empty known as oral Tarun the ball, turn the ball, which is the reason for his most recent suspension a year and a half ago, a very, very small amount. But there was a number that

was out there.

Where does it say the number there was an that rice? Or? Yeah, something like how much smaller it isn't a grain of rice? Is it? Can't find it? Yeah, sure. I find it. Yeah, look, I get how everybody would be fuck and pissed. I get everybody would think that he's a cheater. He's cheating. Again, I get that you would think that. But I don't know if that's true. And if it's not true, it will be ashamed to accuse him of it. If it is the same stuff that was in his system that was ruled to be from a tainted supplement. Here it is. A picogram is 1,000,000,000,000th of a gram Novitsky said, if you put one grain of salt on the table, and split it up into 50 million pieces, a picogram is one of those pieces of that gram of salt, which is insane. So that grain of salt, it's 50 million times larger or smaller than that. It's crazy. So it's very, very, very, very small. So if this is true, and they believe it's true, and the guy runs California State Athletic Commission, Andy Foster, I have a great, great deal. Tremendous amount of respect for that guy. very proactive, with weight cutting, very proactive with weight classes, very proactive with a lot of the rules. He's really good. If he believes that this is scientifically been proven to be from the same exact thing that he already has been punished for. I agree with them. I just that that guy knows what the fuck he's talking about. He's legit. So as Novitsky so are these people that are all saying that it's legit. Here's the question, though. Have other people been still punished? For the exact same crime? Have other people tested positive? Again, for the exact same thing? This I do not know. And I don't know if people are looking into that. If there is any preferential treatment that would be with the argument would be with preferential treatment is fucking tainted supplements are a legitimate problem. I mean, Novitsky showed us hundreds and hundreds of supplements you could buy at any store that has, you know, vitamins and muscle builders, and all those kind of things that test positive for steroids. There's a shit ton of them out there, man. You can get a lot of stuff in the system. But then there's also people that are taking steroids. So how do you know who's who, the only way to find out who's who is don't take shit. Don't take anything. Let's it's third party tested. Don't take anything controversial. Don't take anything squirrely. And sometimes people do. And it's fucked up that, you know, they maybe they like a supplement, maybe they've had good results with it, and then they get one bad batch. That's possible.

I just wanted to know that this was from December night, I want to know what the levels of that drug they found. Way before December 9, it takes a long time at all I understand so but every time you urine, the level should get lower and lower and lower.

I think what they're saying is this is the lowest detectable number. So

it's no lower than that. So they should have found this before, maybe not higher, maybe

maybe not depending on the city's numbers. The way it's been explained to me and again, I'm not a fucking scientist. But the way it's been explained to me this number is so small, that it could conceivably be tested in one test and not tested another test. And then also as the testing procedures get more and more thorough, they get better at it. They're detecting things that couldn't detect maybe even just a year ago, like it's continued the the technology is to continuing to grow and they're getting much better at understanding how to use it and how to how to advance it. So it's not as simple as you test positive a year ago, you test negative today, like they they might have better methods of detection today than they had a year ago. You've

got arrested today Joe. Judge is gonna fake Joe Rogan I'm releasing him bail. But the DEA wants you to take a urine test samples and if you come back dirty, the first UA is free. They know who Joe Rogan is you're gonna go in there and your THC levels are going to be off the chain. This is going to be off the chain. This is going to be off the chain. When they come back. They're going to coin and they don't know Joe Rogan. This is what it was now this is this. The next time we test you behind and 26% Because we know you're using this is a 19 8782 homie, right? I'll know if you use it. And I stayed to the program and it went down, down, down, down, down. And then I joined the voluntary group. And my buddy sent me an eighth of Thai weed. And I remember smuggling join going back and the guy's like, dog. Did you smoke a joint before you came in for the test? It was like levels we've never seen before. This is I'm telling you about this. This is a funny joke, and whatever. But I want to see the test before the night. And I want to see the test, the most recent test, those levels had to go down.

I understand what you're saying. He's not necessarily correct, unless

he did the steroid. During non competition season, which they were allowed to do whatever the fuck the

other not, that's not true. They never know they can never take steroids. There's a banned list of things they can never ever have in their system. They say if you fighting, they'll still test you. So if you don't have a camp, you're not you're not in camp, you don't have about lined up, they still still not, Hey, Joey Diaz, how are you come on in the bathroom, we're gonna get some get some fluids from you. Now, I don't know if they're using just urine. Or if it's urine and blood. I'm not sure what the protocol but I do know that it's very thorough, and they're catching people for things that they would have never caught them for in the past. And this is one of the things about this test, it could possibly be, as it's been explained to me that this this number is so fucking small, that they might not have even been able to detect it a year ago, that this number, this insanely small number, there's new levels of detection now, whereas he would be completely negative X amount of time in the past, now they can test it, and they can find that insanely 50,000,000th of a grain of salt size particle, it's so fucking small, that they weren't able to catch something like that X amount of time in the past, whether it's a year ago or two years, but now they can and in the future is going to be even better. They're going to keep getting better at this stuff as they advanced the technology. That's as it's been explained to me what you're seeing here. What you're seeing here is not evidence of new drug use. It's evidence that the testing is far better, and that he has the exact same metabolite. And he definitely did have it in the system, because they're finding it a year later, in his T T T. T T tiny amount, his body hasn't completely gotten rid of it yet. Still in there. The question is, how long does that stuff stay in your system? They've said through normal detection, I believe Google this make sure this is correct. But through normal detection, what's not, I mean, from whatever the time they, they wrote this stuff out, I believe they're saying it could be detected up to 18 months. But again, as this technology gets better, and they can detect smaller and smaller particles, it's potentially possible that that might extend. So you might not just be 18 months might be 19, or 20. Who knows how long it takes for your body to get rid of that shit,

though the guys like Amir and Gustafson and guys that, you know, they look at this is where there's smoke, there's fire. Yes, you know, and there's they have a point. They have a point though, so I'm not mad at them for that. I'm a big fan of John Jones person I am too. For what he does, I love him to death when I saw him in Albuquerque came to the show, we laughed. I don't think I don't know what to think anymore. You know, I don't know what to think. This one really, you know, and I feel bad. When you and I both know, this is the cause of the phenomenon. This is the card when people fly in. And they make plans around it and they do a bunch of stuff around it. I feel bad for those people. I know what this is like for them. They just was this Saturday night activity

while in Vegas just takes a big hit to because this was going to be taking place Vegas, all those people are going to be in town. It's going to be a tremendous amount of money for the casinos and you know that I'm sure it was a lot of money for them. There it was. It's a big thing to have there and a bigger arena. So they're moving it to the forum, which is a smaller place. The forum in Inglewood is. I don't know how much smaller it is the T mobile arena, but he

said he was Dana was saying he could make about $6 million on the gate and T mobile arena.
