The stars have aligned. The prophecy has come true. Alex Jones and Eddie Bravo together on episode 911. This is episode 911. Podcast. No, I'm not. I had to fucking work hard all week to grind out podcast to make sure that I hit episode 911. Well, we booked it. I knew how to go. Okay, there's a certain number of podcasts I have to do to get this to 911. So Jamie and I worked it out. And we did it. Let me just say I'm very envious, because I'm in my studio under bright lights. And I've talked about going back to when I was just on radio that darkness we can really think this is a wonderful studio. I'm going to do a studio, my next one with a fire pit. I'm going to have conversations outside. I've talked about that. Yeah, because it's like primitive triggers. Yeah. It's comforting. It's feels good. And it's kind of cool lighting. So that's in the next studio we build, I'm gonna build a fire pit. I'm gonna get some logs, some actual real fire. You can only do that like certain times of the year in LA though, like when they when they have fire season, they wouldn't let you do that shit. We will usually have like a little balcony or like a little outside courtyard with your fire pit and you kind of give it I want a real fire pit. You know, like, I feel like if you're gonna have a fire, I'm sure you have, you should have actual law, you shouldn't lie part of the year and I will too. And then we'll just have a big one fire in the jungle and create a whole Renaissance is what we're talking Donald Trump. Helicopter Secretly, secretly

thinks

I could fix a lot. We could fix a lot with that. I'm showing you like a decorated correspondent for the news. Now the fox going on? What do you mean? I mean, you're a euro euro, like official White House guy now. Right?

Do Can you like you're actually like a news guy. Like a lot. 100% legit? Well, Sheriff, I'm setting up stations Bureau and stuff, but that's just part of it. But like, you're you're in deep with the Trump administration. Well, I've had Trump on and I talked to him. So but I mean, really? He's your buddy. Really, really. It's just that we're covering the resurgence of America. What made the country great, lower taxes, empowering the people bring people together, the opposite of what MSM said, what's happening is mainstream media is literally almost dead. It's collapsing. I mean, look at you. I mean, I remember having dinner with you, like six, seven years ago, and you're like, Yeah, we got a million downloads a week. Now. It's 90 million or whatever it is a month, and 20 million on YouTube. And for Infowars. It's similar numbers. It's a good week's 40 million we've had as many as 85 million people listen on radio and tune into videos in one week. That was election week. But our normals 40 something million. It's just crazy. How can they compete with that their skill delusional. The average CNN show us like a million viewers foxing. Since the big swing and deck, it's got three 4 million, it's all I'm sorry, people transmitting and broadcasting to geriatric homes. You know, you see Fox News and CNN and nursing homes. You know, you see 10 years old, 10 years old at the college and beyond the Joe Rogan experience and it's Info Wars, and it's always other folks. It's amazing. Yeah, it's a weird time, isn't it? It seems like those shows where you have to tune in from eight to nine and you have to sit through the commercials. That's kind of all gone away because of DVRs because now people just have to wait a few minutes. So you could DVR through all the commercials, or you record things after the fact out of every like 15 years ago saying the internet killed television. They haven't announced it yet you watch it's gonna kill it. Because how can they compete with what you can do on the internet? You know, a guy getting screwed by a horse or you know, whatever it is

to help you compete with all this craziness. You see a guy in China that got jacked by the tiger today. I did see that a few yesterday. Actually, it was a yesterday Oh, let me let me not pay admission and just go through here. Well, they even shot at the tiger. So they scattered the Tigers, they shot at the tigers to get them off this dude. And then even after the bullets were shot off, this tiger was like, Nah, fuck that. I'm going back in. And he ran in after they shot at him and finally killed the dude. And it was all everybody's got their phone up and they're all filming it.

Fell in or jumped in. He jumped in. He wanted to get killed. Oh, really? Yes. Yeah, he would know this. That was another guy who went in with a lion and tried to convert them to Christianity to see the that guy

went in with the Bible. He's trying to convert the lions line just fucked him up.

I'll tell you what's crazy.

Imagine trying to convert him maybe he was just like praying the motherfucking lion when he you know he went in on his own. He was talking to them in the name of Jesus. And he's like talking to them. You never seen it. Jamie pull it up. Definitely probably schizophrenic. See, here he is. He gets in there and he's talking to the lions. This motherfucker just jumped the fence and decided he was going to convert lines of Christianity and lions are apparently like way cooler than Tiger. They're like what is going on here? Tigers see people and they just fuck them up immediately. The line like barely fuck that guy up. It just kind of sucks because they're, they're more tribal or more like dogs pack animal. They're the only cat that's in a pack.

For a group so they're not, you know, as aggro. Exactly. When a tiger sees you, you're in my territory. I'm going to kill you. Yeah. Yeah, Tiger is a totally different beast. Like Tiger. Sometimes they'll like adopt another little animal, like a wild dog or something like be licking on it big nice to it like, Elephants eat it. Yeah, they do weird stuff.

Lions. Remember, the only way you could see this before is with those animal attack videos. Remember those animals. We started the same way. That was the start off with a dog attack. A dog attacking a mailman and iguanas out, attacked your leg. And then it slowly ends up with drunk Mexicans at a rodeo on a wild bull with a rope.

And those bulls are smart as hell, and they drag these drunk Mexicans and they drag their heads along the rails and just crush these dudes in between the railing like some serious brain trauma. Yeah, vicious brain trauma. They need one word with just 100% of that, because that was the most exciting shit.

Now, Jones, how the fuck is TV going to compete with that? So that's what we're saying? Yeah, they can't compete. So okay, that was kind of wrong, though. Because Netflix is TV. And it's also the internet. It's like both things. Sure. And it's forcing the power of Hollywood to basically disperse though. Yeah, well, they, I mean, look, it's it's better if it gets if if the ability to get your workout gets to more people, it's better. It's better if anybody can do like the competition, like these new YouTube stars, like all they have to do is stand in front of a camera. And this is zero production value. They don't have I mean, if you got a camera, you got an internet connection, you could have a YouTube show people find you interesting, all of a sudden, you've gotten millions and millions of subscribers. I mean, and he was bringing up this fact for your audience up front, a lot of MSM lies and says I'm this big right wing guy. But you guys know that I was really against George W. Bush, you were you were arrested early on in the Bush administration. I remember when when we first became friends in 1999. We were running around the White House or the the State Capitol lawn with George Bush Jr. and senior masks on and you were always again, sure the budget, that's why I supported Trump is the entire power structure, the media. I mean, the Vatican, the Communist Chinese, the Saudi Arabians all put money in and said stop him stop him. And then lines of the Russians were giving him money with no proof. And so the issue is he's simply trying to actually be president and not have special interest in their running him. And that's why the whole power structure is against Trump. So and he was asking before we went live, well, how is it your this outside guy against the establishment, but now you're for it. No, Trump's trying to create a beachhead, just to explain it, to try to take the country back and actually devolve power back to the states and back the people doesn't mean he's perfect. But notice the stock market went up $1,200,000,000,000, you know, just the last month or so, because a lot of institutional investors and others understand what Trump is trying to create real prosperity, not a bunch of social engineering, and I'm not here to pitch Trump to people. The issue is, is that there were major intelligence agencies and patriots in the government, who were sick of what was happening, and we're sick of Hillary and Obama backing jihadist groups of things. And so they're rolling those groups up right now. They really are standing up against him. And this is a historic moment. And and so there's been a counter coup through the electoral process in our country. And that's what WikiLeaks was. That wasn't the Russians. That was US intelligence agencies. I said two months ago, that Anthony Weiner in New York, might have a Dean's husband, the former congressman, that was working for Hillary. I said that he's under investigation for child porn. Okay. And then now it came out yesterday that they're looking at indicted him for child porn. Well, I heard that from the NYPD that came out yesterday. Yes. Wow. Why would it what did he do? He had something on his computer. Well, now, they won't tell us but I was told that tied into that whole pizza gate thing, which again, the media misrepresented what we said and did it came out and all those WikiLeaks all these weird codes, okay, like they there was a bunch of weird codes about pizza and about a piece of pizza. President Obama wants $65,000 and hot dogs delivered. And they're like, are these really good? Hot dogs? Hot dogs weren't as good last night. Well, these are succulent hot dogs. That's not about kids.

You have to be what is that about? It's male prostitutes. I mean, that's what the code means. Really? Yeah. Okay. Yes. How do they get male prostitutes to keep their fucking mouth shut? Well, cuz, you know, bad things happen if you don't federal child porn charges possible for Anthony Wiener, but I'm on record months ago, I'm on record months ago, saying that that's the case because I had those sources. And so the government good elements, the government know what's really going on. So the media that misrepresented and said, Oh, look at 4chan, they're talking about a thing called pizza gate and some pizza place in DC. And the media looks at it and says, Oh, Alex Jones is claiming all this bad stuff happening at this pizza place. I'm like, What is this? So they diverted some probably innocent pizza place to distract off of all the emails that the New York Police have and the FBI have. That's just this monstrous reported pedophile network. So to discredit that they go create a

IG story hoping we jump on it to then divert over to that story. And then once we're on that it diverts everybody off from Anthony Weiner watts, which then leads reportedly, which leaves reportedly a larger network. So they're playing that far ahead. So they're they're literally attacking a pizza place with fake stories just so that people can focus on that and take attention of Anthony Weiner. Yes, because I was connected to that story. It was connected to Podesta stuff in DC faster in New York, and all this other crazy stuff. So because we're making a lot of like long sentences here and a lot of long statements. But let's let's fair a lot of people that don't know what the fuck is pizza gate? There was this Ben Swann guy who did this recent piece about it and a lot of people got very angry. Did you see the piece? See the piece that he did? It seemed to me to be pretty measured, and he was making some connections to between that little that's that symbol for child pedophilia. Yes. And we're just pedophilia, right? And the Logos, the logo for the pizza place. He also made did he make the Hastert connection with Podesta while we pastored confirmed child molester and best buddies with Podesta and former Speaker of the House and then you expand on that. But let's let's do it step at a time. Okay, this is really kind of important stuff. So that's all 100% True, right? So it's true that Hastur it's in jail. It's true that Hastert is a known pedophile that a judge called a serial pedophile, right? Yes, true. Is 100% It's true that Podesta was friends with Hastert that's 100% Right? Yes. And then all this other stuff now becomes odd. Doesn't it become odd and but if you say it's odd, if you look at it, this Ben Swann guy with his what I thought was, he was just kind of expressing what is weird about this case. And when he did it, he got so much shit over it. I was kind of shocked. I was kind of shocked people calling him a moron. And listen, I got the same thing. But but that's what I'm saying. They build a straw man. So imagine 1000s of emails come out. With them talking about we'll have the kids ready, six, seven and eight in the hot tub at this time. And they don't see anything like that. Oh, it gets you gets really weird it say that. It was emails, there's 1000s of them. But it said we'll get the kids in the hot tub. Yes. I never saw that. Can you? Can you see if you can find that. To me. That seems like

the whole thing is so bizarre. It's like we're gonna have the kids delivered for entertainment. They'll be in the hot tub. Now. These are great kids, but kids can be kids. We know what's fucked up about it is how few people really mentioned that connection to Hastert I always thought that would be a huge, huge constant job. I love the fact that it's true that we're very astute. I just bring up this whole big topic of how they twist things. You go right to the key points that okay.

Barney Frank, who got caught running a underage male prostitute ring? In the 90s out of his three storey? townhouse. Yeah, I thought it was just a male prostitute. Like I didn't know somewhere, somewhere.

And then, but listen, I was with him up to age 19 Plus, or whatever. Sure. But then, but then what happened is he goes on CSPAN on the House floor and says, if you continue to investigate this, I'm gonna expose half of you that are involved in this in this room, and the investigation got shut down. So the reason this is important is for shadow government, you need something so bad that everybody who's involved in it ever, ever comes out will be destroyed. So that binds them all to the secrecy. So that's where child pornography comes in. And that's where pedophilia comes in. That's where you get so many of the elite being into it. But just as you said, you have the Republican establishment trying to get Hassard out of nowhere as a wrestling coach to run for office. Then reportedly, he's the poker just like Penn State. And just like they had dusky Sandusky and the underage kids, they were quote, mentoring, getting farmed out to supposedly big donors. What's crazy is this is where we were talking about two very specific cases are two very different cases. But what's crazy is they're both real. It's both real 100% and dusky, who is a very respected man in the community, did a lot of charity work with young disenfranchised children and was molesting them at the same time, and was super respected in the community and he was the right hand man to Joe Paterno. So that whole thing just fell apart in the headquarters from our research of the pedophilia is like Pennsylvania. Right? Okay. Well, that's a Franklin cover. And that's that's that's, that's up in public. What is it see Jamie says we plan to heat the pool. So possibly, Bonnie will be Uber service to transport Ruby Emerson and Maeve louzada 11, nine, and almost seven. So you'll have some further entertainment. And they will be in that pool for sure. What in the fuck? That's only one of them. That's a real confirmed email, right? Yes. Jesus Christ. So listen, here's the problem. So I have NYPD telling me before the election like a month before yes, we're investigating winner child porn photos. Go back to that please. I want to not just not just have kids out on the internet but but kids. He's

Communicating with and their parents or basically letting them communicate with him. If I'm told this by NYPD detectives, I mean, the Secret Service gave me information about how Hillary was collapsing all the time. Remember, we reported that they got caught on tape. So so so all this stuff goes on, and on and on. And so I'm not saying half the people or 90% of them, you know, are guilty or innocent in all this. All I know is we start covering it start asking questions, they then divert off into somebody on a 4chan forum pointing out there was some email about a meeting at some pizza place in DC where top Democrats go, they then turn the whole thing into I'm blaming some pizza place. I'm sending shooters into shoot people at a pizza place, make up all this crazy ass crap. When I never even said any of that. And then you go back to me two months ago, three months ago, I said the police have told me they're investigating Weiner for pedophilia and child porn when it was not in the news. Now notice it's in the news.

Release slow now before we get away from this cuz I gotta go back to that there was a quote up there that that Jamie pull up that I wanted to read the one in the lower bottom about this. Now this, these are the emails that you were talking about. And these are 100% confirmed emails. Go back to that one that was on the bottom. Scroll down. All these people are guilty. Yeah. What does that say?

Hold on a second here. So six grownups with two toddlers and two infants spread throughout the house. And sure enough, one of the toddlers was rubbing my nose at 545 What the fuck does that mean?

The FBI as a whole got back to retrieve the children. They threw in the towel and what?

I don't know, man. This is like I don't know what the fuck those emails mean. But let's just now I mean, everybody wants to immediately shoe this aways. Disgusting. But we

are possible. We're talking about two very specific proven cases, right? Hastur proven Sandusky proven real huge elite, powerful people that were also active pedophiles, right? Yes. So that's a fact who know each other in our bodies. And then you've got Podesta, his brother who's big in Washington, in an article in 2007. In the Washington Post, I'm gonna try to give you the exact headline, which was something like radical art or something. And it's like naked photos of the neighborhood kids in their house. And then they're showing it throwing in your face. It's just crazy. But that's not even stuff I get into. But there were but there is something to that because some of his artwork was super disturbing that he had in his house like little

pink butts. Yeah, they were they were in their underwear. And it looked like they had been paddled. And they were all standing with their butts face it more about this another thing. And that's all I do is cover these real ticks. Let me give you the news. Without Israel, the government got pissed off about this. The pedophile rings have gotten so big that the intelligence agencies began to leak all this info. And they knew Hillary was planning to steal the election, she did steal five states, according to the experts. And provably How did she do that? Let's try to break into six days let's not go on these wrong long rants where there's a bunch of different statements that need to be addressed. Sure. So let's just from right there, you got to get to that. Like how did she steal five states can't kind of gloss over that. Okay, so she tried to how did she try to steal six states she did steal five states? Well, Beth Harris was a big liberal, big Democrat at the HBO documentary Hacking Democracy, right. She's the leading expert. She was actually a month before the election through whistleblowers got the actual code that had been loaded on machines all across the country should have her in studio to steal the elections, I saw Hacking Democracy, and I saw that they did engineer those voting machines so that you could have a third party input and change it. And that was a non live on the show. And that was a decade ago with Bush, this is new. Okay, so she's the top election fraud expert. So she comes on my show the stories on infowars.com. And she says, We've got evidence, and then I had the hacking experts on and I had the industry whistleblowers on and I had the county officials on it every level we have the fraud proven that Democrat connected Gribbs were already loading code on the machines all over the country. But it's different companies but about things 18% on machines the country to be able to remotely break in and and flip votes. So because they were aware of that a bunch of states were waiting and watching and Homeland Security broke in live into six states and kept trying to flip the results. And they even have screenshots and videos of them in the computers in there clicking and doing it all. There's major investigations going on. You hear the news when Trump's crazy he claims illegals voted to make it about illegals. That was one statement in a larger election fraud deal of actual computers show so Trump knows about all this. So she comes on and says they're planning this fraud. Then she comes on after the election. She says yes, it's clear. Here's where precincts close. Here's where all this happened where 100% went for Hillary, or right after it closed all the votes that then came in were 100% for Hillary. They didn't even care but the landslide was so big for Trump. They couldn't steal it. She successfully sold five states. She tried to break into six others are her controllers

did and got blocked. The tsunami for Trump was so huge. With the real polling, we can break down later that they still weren't able to steal it. And now patriots inside US intelligence agencies are preparing to roll up the pedophile networks nationwide. So you've seen arrest in Pennsylvania arrest in LA, I haven't seen these arrests, who's getting it's just now breaking. And it's big, institutionalized. 74 arrests. 28 Sexually Exploited Children rescued during statewide human traffic operation, they're getting down on the ship to take over, right Holy shit. But look at the numbers there. 474 people arrested, but they're only rolling up the red fields that get the people for the psychic vampires. There's no insane is it that this is still happening? Right. So all the people that thought that this idea that you know what I mean, whether they tried to make it ridiculous by calling a pizza gate or connecting into a pizza place, everybody that thought that was ridiculous. It is not ridiculous that there could potentially be some sort of pedophile ring and see how they tricks how they trick us. They go pick some pizza place, probably up there, people go on, make comments on some message board, CNN, New York Times Washington Post the same day come out and say that all the emails are discredited from New York and California and Hawaii, because there's this innocent pizza place over here that some of the Democrats go to, and they're all saying that's where the pedophiles are at. Okay, so then the internet, all goes and looks at that, and starts trying to prove to disprove MSM, that oh, there must be something going on there. So then that turns that all into the big quagmire is a smokescreen from all the admitted stuff that's happening. Because again, I was told by my NYPD high level sources, that they've got all this stuff on Windows computer that just got scooped up, you know, during the whole hacking story in the whole story about Hillary and the unsecure servers, and that that was being blocked by Obama. And that as soon as Trump gone in, they would go back after a winner, then I was told by a former section chief from the CIA, that indeed, this was an operation that we're running against him to start leaking all this. And so what you're beginning to see is the beginning of all the pedophilia coming out as they roll up the procures that grab your kids out of backyards, or the dough out as social workers and get the kids or whatever. They're rolling all those up right now to get the Renfield Renfield brings the people to Dracula, that's the allegory I'm not seeing it right. So they're gonna now roll it up into the higher level groups. Right now. Well, here's the here's what's going on with a lot of this stuff we got you have to be real careful in how you describe these things, and how you talk about these things. Because people are looking for any little tiny thing to discredit it. And one of the reasons why they're looking at it, they're doing it for personal reasons, because it seems huge. No one wants to be ridiculous. No one wants to be a fool. And no one wants to be someone who's talking about conspiracies that aren't real. So people are very hesitant to talk about something that's unproven, but horrific, just just like right 15 years ago, it was a conspiracy theory that that the Catholic Church had any pedophilia, right, and we know 30 30% We're doing it. We now know the old Pope had to step down was blackmailed, with info about other high level priests by the new guy that came in.

I mean, this is heavy stuff. It's the Catholic Church stuff is absolutely horrible and proven over and over again and again. When I was a kid, it was rumor. It was just things that were whispered and would hear about it. And now it's always wondered how they're getting away with it. It's so out in the open, how come there isn't more psychic vampires stealing the energy from the kids? Well, what's the most common thing they do? Why find Varian in jail? The most common thing they do is they find very troubled kids that don't talk about it people with foster care kids with no parents, kids who have come from really troubled backgrounds but who are abused like Sandusky ran a abused Children's Shelter and group and then would take the kids out sometimes overnight enrich people's houses to make them feel better. Yeah, yeah, it's and the no one wants to believe that the is that the assistant coach and then all these powerful people that when he finally got caught he was raping eight year olds in the showers at noon on a Saturday at the Fieldhouse Yeah, and someone who worked there found it watched it happen walked in on them literally and that's what would it all fell apart. That's what always happens these guys get more and more arrogant and so all I'm telling you is I'm not saying anybody's guilty in these 1000s of emails. You go read them and it's like the last walnut sauce you brought wasn't very good. Oh, well, these are good walnuts. You're gonna Oh, I love walnuts. And then you go read the FBI break down what that's code for what's code for walnut just means people have brown skin. Oh Jesus Christ.

Well, you don't understand was talking about this for years. FBI chief former he discovered about Shabbat in Los Angeles. He was he was the head of the LA sector so people are gonna hear this and they go oh, there are a bunch of pizza gate truthers guys are a bunch of pizza gate truthers. There's there's an inclination to automatically dismiss things. Let me be clear. Let me be clear. I I'm on the air covering 50 topics a day, right? These emails are coming out on

I get contacted one of my sources, by people in the NYPD. I get sent documents, photos that are licensed law enforcement. I talk to these people, then they say, yeah, no, it's horrible. It's a bunch of pedophilia. You know, it's a bunch of child porn, it's all gonna come out. It's tied to all these different groups. And I'm just like, okay, so I go on air, and I say, Listen, I got this from real NYPD and other sources. And then Eric, Prince of Blackwater, who still runs with the biggest groups in the world. Does he run some sort of military operation in, like Bahrain, or Saudi Arabia? Absolutely. The point is, is that he comes from the UAE pew about it, he knows all about it. But the point is, is that all this happens, and he comes out in the news, okay, through the lighthouse, Oregon Breitbart, that's basically from Trump's mouth and says, Yes, we have confirmed high level pedophilia rings in the Clinton operation, we're gonna bring them down. And so that's what all this is. Why did Breitbart tweet about that in 2011? Do you remember that tweet, Breitbart News, came out March said, I'm gonna bring up the biggest thing that's gonna bring down the Democrats, and they poisoned him right here in California used to be a poison. Oh, absolutely. They killed him. Where did what happened? I didn't even know how he died. He thought he died of a heart attack. Oh, yeah. Are you laughing? Fake laughing pull up the laughing and just know, I know. You're gonna pull it out, Joe. I won't, buddy. You know, I love you. Anyway, pull up the Breitbart email or the Breitbart tweet, because it's a crazy Jonah's all about this. Well, the tweet is pretty insane. When you read it. You're like, Wait, what the fuck is going on? Like, every? It's there's an instantaneous reaction that people have intelligence.

Right, you're right. You're telling me people are doing this to kids? You don't like Get the fuck out here. That's nonsense. Yeah. But when you tell people about the stuff that's been proven, the ones that happens, they don't account they don't call. They don't attach, though. I was on air saying I'm told this by NYPD and like three different shows and that there's going to come out that we are sending child porn. And it's in the news and what they're saying what they're accusing wiener of apparently is sending sexually explicit text to an underage girl. That's what's against the law. It's so the calling of child porn, but it's essentially he was sending pornographic text to a 15. Year. Yeah, well, I was told it's a lot more than that what they're doing is just what they're doing is minimizing it because the higher ups are being told you don't let this out. Let me tell you, we're supposedly had 10s of 1000s of emails. We need to be a fucking comedian. For sure. He's a freak. He's got real problems. He's a good communicator. I bet he's hilarious.

Come on, don't you think all I know is I'm not saying even wieners a pedophile. All I know is all I know is listen. We all know about Jeffrey Epstein. Okay. And I don't know about the Lolita express just Google that. And what is that Bill Clinton's like on 20 flights versus a cell? Oh, that's right.

That has a temple in it. And then he was also flying to this Middle Eastern country with his cheek that's admitted pedophile with multimillion dollar checks and Bill Clinton on the plane. And Bill Clinton is a known sexual predator. Okay, so all this stuff's going on. And so they start bringing up lawsuits against Donald Trump with Jane DOE's claiming he'd been with Epstein even though there's no proof in the law because they make you log even on private jets. None of it was ever true. He admitted here is how Prague Prague progressive guru John Podesta isn't household name as world class under age sex slave up cover upper defending unspeakable drugs escapes me early on. Did John Podesta imagine his baby mmm FA I don't know what that is. Would be covering up for underage sex ops and h l hate crimes against blacks. Hmm.

I don't know what that means. What is m m f a young Jamie

Media Matters.

Isn't that sorrows? Yeah, that sorrows but also guess who owns the pizza place? Who are all this one on its Media Matters head guy David Brock's boyfriend. And that is where they have major Democratic Party fundraisers. And then they had they had rock bands there. That gave live spoken word dissertations of the love of children. What

I'm talking about guys like a golf drag about how much they love children. Have you seen this? Yeah, I don't even really want to repeat what they really pull it up on there's a video of them saying that comments. This is a common ping pong.

So you know what? Why is it mean? It's really it's a very, very bizarre subject. But why is this like so eat? What is this right here? You bring it up, Jamie. Okay, give me some volume. You

are very grateful that you are below a Subway sandwich shop.

Sugary sugery is known to hang out down here. He likes the girl sounds. Tomorrow is what are we listening to little boys.

actual

Mrs manager

references

anyway,

huh?

That's super weird that first of all, ping pong right anybody listening? Let's describe it that person looked like they were wearing a wig, a blonde wig and it was a guy

a trust transvestite or a woman who's just smoked every cigarette.

It's one of the two. But that's just a fact that that was going on at that place seems really odd. But that sounds like someone ad libbing. You know, we all have preferences like trying to be funny. It's almost like the guys in the in the in the crowd, and it's little boy.

There. Oh, yeah. A lot of creepy artwork connected to that guy. A lot of creepy artwork. I mean, that's a fact. There's a lot of facts. So it's one of those things, like

anything, and you're not saying that I'm not either. That's what's really important. I never even really covered this stuff. And then they hit me on the news, and also Swan going. They said these people were killing kids in a basement they say, okay, Megyn Kelly went on and took a clip where I was talking about Hillary's funding to hotties and Obama back in the Arab Spring that killed 10s of 1000s of people, hundreds of 1000s of people 1000s of children. Now, al Qaeda was putting kids which is ISIS into sex slavery. They edited that out and then cut it together on Fox News. With me saying and Hillary Clinton rapes and kills children in a basement at ping pong pizza. They literally now edit audio, but I was able to change your audio. I was able to go find the day with video with what I really said. And throw it back in their face. Wow, that's really blatant. That's a where's this? Can we watch this? Where's this that they did? Sure. I think you guys have the the comparison the two up Yeah, it's something like Megyn Kelly caught a giant lie against Alex Jones trying to find that we should we should play that.

fascinated me to get first of all, Megan Kelly so pretty. She can say whatever the fuck she wants. I think she looks like an old trainee. I love her. Do you think's loosely an old trainee? Yeah, you're hilarious

No, I don't like all trainees but thinks she's hot. You don't like you don't think Megyn Kelly's not just want to insult she's globalist. Oh, she's global. Obviously she's pretty Do you know Joe she's real ugly. She do you think that she was she's moved over to NBC. Do you think she's gonna change her tune now and go through the list for me. She wants to be the quote new Fox news show. They'll be the new kind of Glenn Beck. I'm a conservative, but I hate conservatives and libertarians. And I'm gonna speak for everyone and I can decode it all. So she's gonna go over there to be the conservative light and try to get them some ratings. So it seems like NBC realizes that's where the money is, is that were saying want to see how fake news is made from Megyn Kelly on Fox News. Do you find it Jamie? Okay, let's play it here. Here we go. Give us some volume. How this whole thing got started to gate conspiracy gunman. Mega because many controversies do these days. It began with a tweet on October 30. days after the FBI announced they'd be reopening an investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. Someone on Twitter whose name remains unverified, but has several 1000 followers posted that new emails found on anthony Weiner's computer confirmed that Hillary Clinton was involved in a pedophilia ring. The Twitter post included information from a Facebook user who stated quote, My NYPD source said it's much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking in international child enslavement and sex reports from the next day the places should be bubbling up in seconds. Now, this is probably the cold trying to debunk us. But what they do is they misrepresent what we're saying. So again, whoever these rogue people were or I don't know who they are saying, oh look, NYPD says it's wiener and all this. See how they were saying none of that's happening. Now it's actually starting to come out. I don't know how far how deep it goes. But this is when Kelly let's let it play out and then respond to it was we're gonna

write one book user who stated quote, My NYPD source said it's much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking an international child enslavement and sex ring. The next day the bogus claim was picked up by a website called your newswire.com message boards like 4chan and Reddit, right wing blogs and several pro Trump websites. Infowars Alex Jones a far right web host posted a YouTube video seen almost 500,000 times. Think about children Hillary Clinton is personally murdered and shocked.

Right.

I have zero fear standing up against the rumor spread inspiring some newfound internet sleuths to start digging around in John Podesta has hacked emails searching for proof and location of the so called sex ring. What they found were numerous reference

says to pizza.

Now here's what Alex Jones actually said. Resistance to tyrants is obedience message to Hillary

Jones. You can run or I think about children Hillary Clinton has personally murdered and chopped up. And right. We gotta have zero fear standing up against.

You heard me right Hillary Clinton has personally murdered children go tell that lone lion go and put a candle back to trigger anymore.

Tell the revelry Clinton is one of the most vicious serial killers the planet's ever seen.

God's gonna there's a twist to that. I'm not talking about the devil worship story with her chief of staff or campaign chairman, looking at the menu of blood and semen and body parts to Aleister Crowley event, the private event? Oh, no, I'm not talking about that. I mean, 200,000 plus dead Christians with her operation with Syria, and our operation in Libya and not letting the Christians get out and directing al Qaeda and ISIS, who target and murder children and put them through sex slavery and throw Catholic priests off cliffs and kill people in mass and murder gauge. And everything else you can imagine. Because they don't like peaceful people. And they caught everybody. They're for open society, and they love everybody. Anything they do is for degradation. And someone could have been killed inside of your restaurant for no good reason. People like Alex Jones, found a conspiracy theory that even the DC police say has no basis in fact, yes, it's a pack of lies. And it's dangerous. What happens

boyfriend to drive across four state lines with an assault rifle and enter a family friendly restaurant at three o'clock in the afternoon on a Sunday. I know Reddit has banned this topic on its website. I mean, slowly, but surely those who helped ban it are trying to dial it back out of the safety, United concerns for the safety of those who have been endangered by really this could happen to anyone. It's not just us. It's any single person. I know you said to our producers, it's also surreal until the gun comes in. Wow. And then some guy. So they went, they got it, they couldn't get it off YouTube, they got the full clip, they cut the front off knowing I was actually saying, I don't know about the Satanism before the term pizza gate was out there. But I do know she's funded the radicals I came I saw they die, who do rape and kill and cut up kids. So she personally is

you were making a very provocative statement. And you made a very provocative statement by saying something kind of crazy at first dish and then backing it up. And so what they decided to do was just edit a chunk of that. And so they didn't really have to edit it and chop it up. But they did take it as bizarre out of context and said that I was talking about comedy, right you weren't and I was talking about the spirit cooking Aleister Crowley stuff with the lady is written, it's real for her. And they go and I think little kids are these parties. And they have vats of blood. That's one thing if you were an adult wanted to do that, you know, issue some art project. This is real. And so I was about the menu, were there in the email saying, you know, we're gonna have plenty of blood, plenty of semen for you and other delicious things on the menu. And he's like, What are the juicy is on the menu, and they go, Well, we're gonna have cheese pizza, we're gonna have, we're gonna have the nut sauce, and we're gonna have the pasta, and we're gonna have you know, succulent hotdogs. We know he loves succulent hotdogs.

They go, Oh, God, I want to go back to that place in a way that the best hotdogs you know, it's like yes, it's we've got hot dogs and Obama wants $65,000 where the hot dogs live where the party will the hot dogs be there. And then it's in Stratford and CIA emails that got leaked by Wikileaks that now people cross reference where the CIA is like watching on look at Obama and Chicago and other hot dog party. Well, there's Obama is at a party with 15 Dudes, that's his issue. The point is, though, they can blackmail him with this and the stuff with Obama that's we never got pedophile codes with Obama. Yeah, no, it's it's men.

I mean, he's had his you're trying to say that Barack Obama is a homosexual, saying he's bisexual. How dare you? I literally don't even care. Have you ever seen him with a man? How do you know this is true? I've seen him with men walking down the street maybe he just likes to bring dudes in have conversations with him. Maybe he just worked hard to talk to people when you're the head of the free world. Maybe he had a party with $65,000 for the hotdogs? Yeah, maybe he loves hot dogs. He's sick. Fuck it. Fuck this diet. I'm not the president anymore. Yeah. Chillin Now listen, I trade 65,000 Hot dogs $65,000 He's ballin that's more than 85,000 hotdogs what a gourmet hotdogs with $1 apiece. $2. And how many? Super gourmet $5 apiece for each hot dog president needs a hot dog helping him. What if it turns out he was like a 10 time hot dog eating champion. He's like one of those probably. What does that say? He probably okay, let's say

he just really likes hot dogs here. Alex Jones. Like there's a whole article on sale for $65,000

Dogs $5 apiece. $5 per hot dog, right? But listen, you gotta get those delivered. Someone's gotta make them gotta grind it up, put it in the casing, the whole deal maybe gets like gourmet hotdogs, got to put those putting together some giant party. Some I'm out of this job party. I don't know. But what I what I'm saying is, there's a code for male prostitutes, okay, maybe it is. But what I'm saying is, anybody who's skeptical, anybody who's looking at this and going, you guys are so fucking crazy. This is you're making such gigantic leaps of faith, no leaps. Just look at all how with the weird code in those emails. There was definitely some code.

After this one, I'm in fact, my crew actually got mad to be honest with you. We started by the tracer. We're about five days into this and the news hadn't even picked it up. And all my crew was doing is all day reading 1000s of emails. I mean, there's 1000s that are just related to food, hot dogs and kids and hot tubs and Kid deliveries and, and oh, the spirit cooking. Oh, Aleister Crowley and, oh, there'll be semen in blood. I told my crew, I said, it's probably true. No one's gonna believe it, stop obsessing on it and stop reading these emails. Because I want to focus on the election and everything else that's happening. So then sites start accusing me of covering up the Podesta stuff before it's called pizza gate. And then I get blamed for being behind pizza gate. And I'm not even bitching. I'm explaining what it's like to really be trying to get at the truth. And then people take the fact that it's complex. She'd be better at this, the media was you know how to put stuff out clear and parse it. I just know all this crap. But you get crazy. Just a rant, people won't listen to me because I got too much data. And imagine what this is like. I mean, it's just I'm sick of it. I don't know everything that's going on. But I know this. I have good CIA people and FBI and Secret Service. Okay, telling me Yes, Alex, it's worse than you know, keep getting them it's gonna come out. And it's starting to come out and saying, watch, when we start arresting the pedophile networks, we're gonna roll up the Democrats and the Republicans that are involved. That's why Trump said in the speeches that the inaugural This is not about parties. We're taking these people on we're bringing God back in even somebody that wasn't very religious, like Trump has gotten religion learning about this. Because let me tell you something, Trump's not a devil worshiper and he loves God and he's been briefed on all this and he's gonna roll their ass up to the pedophiles better get ready. I want to I want you to clear something up right now look at that camera and tell everybody you're not Bill Hicks.

Tell so stupid. Tell him you're not I'm not either. Tell them well, numbers suck and people think there's a goddamn conspiracy. Here's what happens. Here's what happens. They think it's a flat or two. I take real stuff. Notice Joe's done his research not kissing his ass. So he knows all these little points I'm making better than I even did. I'm like remembering stuff when he brings it up because I try to suppress after this crap, I can't handle it anymore. Man. I'm 43 and I'm sitting here looking at all this and then these people come up to me on the street. They go, Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe sent me five times. And then I totally Oh, I knew you were you know, we're I mean, not just Jones, Alex, whatever. Whoever you fucking name is Alex Jones, the programming.

They say Bill Hicks. They say Bill, here's it I'll be on the street or I'll be at a restaurant and they come over they go. They say Hey Bill Hey Bill. Hey Bill made it really Joe Rogan? He's very easy. And I'm and I turn around they go Oh, no, it's you all because I did a few pieces in one little video with a guy that lived in Austin that you know, it's how I met you. You don't like Bill Hicks? That's what's ridiculous about it. Like what did you get like massive plastic surgery changed the way your voice sounds? Like your voice is so different than saying is that no one ever wants to look real conspiracies because they're complex and hard to understand. They want to just go with the Earth is flat. You know, there's aliens living underneath the capital Dinosaurs aren't real. Or well, no, I mean, less of the point is, I'm not gonna bash Eddie Eddie is it's good to have a free open mind. But he doesn't promulgate stuff. He's only researching what's been said. So I want to just get this out of the way. I am Bill Hicks. I'm actually you are how a Bill Hicks be like 60

I think he died at 32 in 1994. So do the math. I know one thing it's hot in here. isn't really. Oh, no. How do you know? I always keep my student really cold. Oh, do you get crazy You're a goddamn Elton Inferno. I'm melting. You know, there's a lot of people that don't know, like how you got started. But one of the things I thought was really bizarre and that thing was that lady was calling you a right wing host a far right wing host. You've never been a right wing guy. And it's it's a big misconception. Like you were always totally anti Bush, you got arrested, speaking actually, before Bush was even elected. You were trying to stop him from being elected. Back when Clinton was not what he stole the electorate from Gore, who I didn't even really like I still came out and exposed it and it's now been certified in Congress and they've documented I just go with what the facts are. But you've never been one of the things that really opened my eyes. This is a really important video that you did 911 road to tyranny. We talked about the World Trade Organization protests and how they had sent in these people in government uniforms with government issue boot.

And these anarchists that were dressed in black, and they it's that this is an actual tactic that they'll use to break up peaceful protests, will they'll send in soldiers or policemen or whoever the hell they're hiring, no one knows. And they send these people and they smash everything up, they start it turn into a violent protest and light things on fire. And then they all holed up in a building. And they negotiate their release, and none of them will ever arrested. And when you showed this clip by clip from these various news organizations, and you focused on the kind of clothing they're wearing, and the difference in their behavior versus the behavior of all the peaceful protests, and then show the result of it, which had these people that were walking to work with a WT o sticker that had a line through it, and police stopped them and said, you can't have that sticker on that. bookbag you admitted beta test for martial law. Again, I'm not anti cops themselves. I mean, he always spends it. You're supposed pedophilia, they blame some innocent pizza place. You expose the government trying to make cops do bad things. Now you hate everybody not even been cops. I mean, who knows who was doing Delta Force. That makes sense, Delta Force and blasting Delta Force, they were given the order by Clinton to go out and to recruit, and they recruited just about 400 left us Foundation funded grips funded by big private foundations. They trained him for about a month before in Oregon. They flew him there put them in a government housing facility. This was on the newsletter, I just covered local news story, they did retreat to a building and negotiated their surrender. And they were released. Yes, yes. But this is after all this property damage. You know, they went out to start the attack. So they had it on video. So they could then attack the 100,000 peaceful protesters. So this was something that mean, we don't like we like to think just like you don't like to think that pedophiles are real. You don't like to think that anyone in the government, whatever organize some kind of an attack, or some sort of a fake event where a bunch of people that you hire, to start smashing things to make a peaceful protest look bad. We don't want to think that that's possible. But it is boss. It goes on. But it turns out that this is actually a documented Yeah, tactic. Yes, it was the WTO. In fact, Esquire about two years ago, was doing a profile on me and the guy, his dad about a former CIA section chief and had been involved in bunch of stuff himself. And I told him, I said, Yeah, Delta Force ran those riots. And he goes, You're a liar. And I said, No, I'm not he went and googled it, and couldn't believe he got the Seattle post Intelligencer and stuff, and then even went and talked to journalists that knew because he'd been there covering it as a journalist, and he didn't even know so he says in the Esquire article, okay, Alex Jones, got me there. Because even though I'd grown up the CIA and stuff, I didn't know that was happening. But But let's be clear, it's criminal elements using compartmentalization that do this, they always claim I hate the government, and I want to have a war and all this other stuff. No, I have to give credit to the good elements of the CIA and the good elements of the NSA. I mean, I'm good friends. That's a very important point. It's a very important point. I've had this point with a friend of mine, who we're talking about. I've had Mike Baker on the podcast before and through the few conversations that I've had with Mike Baker was formerly the CIA. I get it you start getting an understanding of how it works like these drug dealings that always you know wonder like jets crashing Well, the coke on board they're cowboys. You got like a few dudes guys run inside sideshows give you do to realize they can make a fuckload of money if they sell and there might be a lot of people involved. But it's not the whole CIA. It's not like they have government memos on it. Well, what they do is they'll have a cover and option they're running. The president says do this, like Ronald Reagan did know about the cocaine dealing? I talked to folks that were involved actually for the points. He says I went communist knocked out Congress to give him the funding they go, what you do in the government is you go the President said do this. We're men of action. We're going to do it. So then there's cocaine already being sold. The contras are using it to get all their funding, we'll screw that. We'll just jack it, bring it in using private contractors, right? And then if there ever was my first time they did it wasn't true.

But yeah, it was it was a common tactic. They knew that there was money that was being made from selling illegal drugs, why would they let that money be made all around them? They're not going to that's the argument is you don't want to let the communist do all the cocaine and heroin or because then they have more money than you. Well, what the fuck is going on in Afghanistan? It's just as crazy and to people how much heroin production went up since our occupation? Anybody can pull this up again, that's what's frustrating as a lot of the fake liberal because I see myself as a real liberal, but a lot of the fake liberals just go oh, that's a lot of this is like, No, you can search engine opium production in Afghanistan, pre 2001. And then look at the latest years, it's come out in like 2014 15, it went from 3% of world supply to 7%, the 30%. And after 10 years of occupation, it went to 93%. Looking at supply so look at the heck went from

memory well, was all right. Well, they were it's pretty substantial increase between 2001 which is at an all time low on this chart from 94 to 2016. So 2000 ones and all time low.

And then the next year it fucking skyrockets but Google, BBC and AP just type in

Afghanistan 90 plus percent world opium production. That's very, very common 93% And listen, and they say it's only also for like, opiate pills or is it just everything? So it's like OxyContin some things. They ordered the trips to the Taliban that works, whether it was allowed to grow it, and then they're allowed to sell it to whoever wants to buy it. Well, not just that there's been documented confirm instances of troops that are being forced to guard poppy fields. Sure. Well, that will only break it down for right when this shortcoming is on Fox News with Geraldo Rivera. Absolutely that shirt that came out a year after I broke it. And again, let me tell you how they work.

It comes out that the trips are being ordered right there it goes 90% of the world's supply of opium according to the United Nations, and it hit 93 last year. How many years old is this couple there's like three years old. That's two years old. See, it's gone up to 93 right now. Jesus Christ Shabbat See, I didn't lie. I said 93. And it's nice for this. Yeah. So but that's what's so frustrating is you know all this and then and then people still call you crazy. Now what Alex, why do you explain the fake news SIOP? Why do a lot of people out there think Infowars has total fake news? Why do they think that that is a major deep state government program funded by Soros mainly and they found the most effective way is anti Israel bashing. And so this came on the WikiLeaks last year that US intelligence leaked not the Russians that he's in there saying we're going to overthrow Israel we got to deal with Saudi Arabia and we've got to like up the ante with anti Israel rhetoric I'm somebody that was neutral in Israel never been there had nothing to do with it Israel has liberals conservative some good administration some bad but I'm not anti Israel it's a tiny little place I know it does some things that are bad compared to what we've done it's nothing so I just don't have some giant heart on for Israel you know wanting to hurt them and and and I'm not against the Palestinians or anybody else. Everybody knows that show show when they kill Israelis for no reason I say it's wrong. When they white phosphorus bomb Palestinians, I say it's wrong. So I'm sitting there covering all that. And then they just put out that I'm this Israeli agent, you know, all day long are on the CIA. And let's not get into these crazy rants about crazy accusations of fake news. Why do they think Info Wars Wars is fake news? I don't know you that a lot of people out there smart people really intelligent they they think that the real news is CNN. Okay. Well, let me explain. You've got attacks from below and above, you've got major funding by Soros and others who's a real life Nazi collaborator, like true, Dr. Evil. The latest James Bond was based on his real a company. It's even named after his company. The bad guy in the movie is actually Soros. Yeah, he tried to crash the power breakdown angle, and he's really bad news. So mi 618. But long story short about George Soros.

He's funding this attack on me and any independent media, how do you attack independent media, when the public's awake to Deep State and Government stuff? You say Alex Jones is the government. And then they always ignore real facts. I talk about where I admit, so my family and stuff has worked for the government and they said the government is corrupt and out of control. That isn't even a real debate. But but above that, what was your other question? He had a question with his question was

explained the subtle anti let me let me just explain. It's pretty easy. They're in direct competition with him. If it's Fox News, if it's CNN, if it's anybody that's distributing news, you're in direct competition with someone who has an independent news organization, they operate it themselves, and they do an online show. Just shut it perfectly. That's it. Alex is in a very unusual position because he's a magnet people, people who are drawn to him like a lightning rod. He says a lot of crazy shit. He goes on rants, he's very animated. He's fun to watch. And a lot of the shit he says is correct. And we're getting into this right now. Like this, this thing about the WTO, which was, like I said, was one of the first ones that really opened my eyes. It was a long time ago to that was like, you put that video out in 2002 or something. Like when was that? 2003? That was like 2001. Yeah, it was right after 911. Yeah, right after September 11. And I remember put it on the web, right? If that exactly. I put it out on like, DVD or something before that, but you just hit it, Joe. So we try to actually think and codify this then because my problem is, I don't script that I say that it's kind of all over the map, which is a good thing. Also a bad thing. You just fill in the head. You ask your question, why do they call me fake news. We just saw Megyn Kelly, two weeks before the election, say in a whole hour long show special against fake news. We've played a few minutes of it. Alex Jones is the king of fake news. He just said Hillary is chopping up children inside a basement at a pizza place. Now granted, I was saying it in satire about her in the Middle East. So it begged for them to take it out of context. But they clearly did that to deceive their viewers. She's ranting herself. I'm real You can trust me. Look at this poor victim Alex Jones almost got him killed when none of it was true. When none of it was you're based in reality and what I what I was getting was from the NYPD, okay, and the FBI who are who are good people, at least those agents show there's an example of them branding texting and and they'll take something real

I've said or they've taken videos where I'm acting stupid,

you know, with like 5x or 6x underwear, they're given the illegals or whatever. And they'll show me with underwear on my head and say, Look, this guy's crazy. And I get it. I cover serious topics so they can take it out of context. But when I'm being serious, which is 90% of the time, I tell people, but when Joe comes in, and we've got Joey, Joey Diaz, Joey Diaz talking about, you know, kidnapping people. I started laughing. Yeah, we had fun. Look, you're a normal person. And that's, that's what people find hard to believe. When I tell people. I'm friends with Alex Jones to get the fuck out of here. I think he's a great guy. Great guy. We have a good time together. Very nice. Joe, you're a great guy. I just wish we aren't also busy and hanging out more like in the old days. I know. Well, we can do it. I'm gonna come back to Austin. I'm trying to get to Austin, probably this spring trying to figure out when and when and where I'm gonna get. But I love Austin, where you live is a fucking beautiful place. Well, I know these topics can be quite frankly, exhausting the Harford they are but but I'd like to show up today. Really get into the big picture and what I believe is really going on, because I figured out the basis of what's happening. And I'm gonna let you I mean, if you wanna hear some far out stuff today, okay, because what you experienced I mean, I'll go through it. Okay, let's go. Okay, let me take a piss then. Go ahead. Joseph. Always so slick and calm. So are you ready? Me, I get in here and I just yeah, we're gonna bring it down. We're gonna like bring it down to earth. Every now and then you're gonna launch into orbit. We're gonna grab you by your heels. Bring it back. We're gonna be fine. We'll get through this thing of this and then tell some shit. Where's the bathroom? And right through that door to the right. Powerful Alex Jones. So far at Bravo, everything you wanted more? Oh, absolutely. I'm just sitting here letting them just letting letting the people letting your fans know that have never listened to my listener Alex Jones every goddamn day. And she take a day off every now

to gloom. He's a good guy. You know, he's always been a good guy. People that don't listen to him. They they believe what the mainstream media has said yes. But it's also he makes it easy for them by saying crazy shit, like Hillary Clinton chops up babies and all that stuff. And I know he's doing it for dramatic effect. It's one of the reasons why the show is so popular because he does a lot of things like that. It makes it easy for people to dismiss them. And then you get into this thing. Well, okay, let's before you dismiss him, let's look at what he said. What is he said, that's true. And we look at what he said everything he said today so far. So

far, everything that he said. It's just like his radio show. Yeah, he doesn't have any teleprompters. This dude can talk for hours forever, right? That's the thing, though, when you wind up doing a lot of podcasts, especially doing these radio shows, shows like Alex says by himself, we just rant and rant and rants for long periods of time. You they develop like a certain muscle. Like there's a lot of guys who do their own pod like bill burr is a perfect example does his own podcast by himself all the time. And he's got this ability to go just rant from one subject to the next subject and keep going. And when you have on a podcast, it's just you just kind of got to get out of his way. Yeah. So with Alex, you just kind of got to feed them. Some subjects get out of his way. But every now and then he does so many subjects in a row. I gotta bring it back. I gotta go. You gotta Okay, let's get to this one. How did she steal the states? He just can't gloss over that. Let's get to this. Okay, let's get to it broke it down for ya. He did a great job. Yeah. And this is, I think this is gonna help people have just seeing Alex like this is going to help people have

a chance to look at this whole picture of just forget about where your loyalties lie. Whether you enjoy CNN or Fox News or whatever, they just sit outside of it right now. And look at what it really Yes. Because what it really is, is why is anyone wants to give you the news? Are they giving you the news? Because they love you? Are they giving you the news? Because it's a program and they're trying to make money? And do they have access to certain people because they're willing to play certain games, most likely, when you're looking at something that's on a major league television show, whether it's Fox News, or NBC or CBS, or whatever the fuck it is, you got to go through some serious channels to get there. There's how if you're a guy with a suit, and a tie, good evening, America, and you're doing that guy that that guy on any of those major networks, you've had to go through some fucking serious hoops and ladders and checks and balances. You got to represent something in order to be the person who reads the news. But what is that news for? Is it a fucking show? Or is it really the news? Are they really trying to help you? What are they trying to do? You know what, why? Why are they doing the news? Are they doing it because they love you and care for you? And they want you to be informed? Or they're doing it because they're clearly biased and they've got an agenda. Well, if you watch Fox News, and then CNN just go back and forth. Whenever there's something going on. Like I did it after the election. I was like Fox News, CNN, Fox News, CNN. It's Who the fuck is telling the truth? Someone's gotta be lying. Why don't you Fox is lying when you flex his line because there's one story over here and is a totally different story over here. So all you need to know just looking at that. Just forget about what you are whether you're a progressive liberal, whether you're a conservative Republican, just look at that.

and understand that you're getting all of your information from the sources that have a vested interest in relaying their particular version of the truth that's not good for anybody that represents the majority like foxes totally get me no matter what

I do come on get one Freddy bravo to what's good crazy bring out the hatch I hope that people that listen to your show the people that have never given I want to get going for a while let's do is do it bring out the whiskey all I want. Like for me, I don't want to be this conspiracy guy making money and and doing shows. I walked away from my podcast I was talking about conspiracy. I really don't want to be that conspiracy guy but something inside me is wants to wake people up that's all I'm trying to do. That's all I'm trying to do. I'm trying to help I'm not making money off any conspiracy theories or anything. I tell myself every time I walk in here, don't say shit about conspiracies whiskeys gonna bring it out of them bro

there's a big fan of Yeah. Oh, cool. He said he wants to roll with you later. Oh, shit. back surgery said no. You said he said so you know and he just had a disk replaced

it's finally time to actually be with the CIA every now and then don't you want to be like on that side and just have have full access? They don't see I

don't hold that whiskey hostage.

Alex Jones. Listen, let me give you guys the big frickin data. Okay.

I'm willing to give it to you. Okay, I'm not bullshitting. I got the thing figured out. Part one for Eddie. I gotta figure it out guys.

Oh shit. Poor little more for me.

All right, gentlemen. Cheers. I'm gonna keep my mouth shut Robin experience cheers to you Alex Jones. Here's a you buddy

but stuff people were so on one side or the other when it comes to this there's so much anticipation regarding this so much bullying about don't have Alex Jones on a bus. Well, there was a lot of that there's a lot of Google calm on his racist shit. Someone said that to me.

Alex Jones is one of the least racist people you'll ever fucking meet in your life. I've never even heard you say a racial thing. Race is so inconsequential to you. I'm into what you think and what they stand for. You have never discussed race ever. In the almost what do I know you 16 Fucking 17 years. I've never heard you discuss race at all. So someone calling you a racist like what you just do all they do while Trump's waving a rainbow flag and say he's a homophobe. There was a guy walking next to me in New York. I was there after the election. I was there for the UFC was right after the election and me and my friend campaigns are walking back from the gym. We went we went over to the gym. We're walking back. We walked right into the fucking protest. And there was this guy that was standing next to me screaming Donald Trump keh keh keh racist, sexist, anti gay, Donald Trump. kk k, racist, sexist, anti gay. He just kept screaming it out as Donald Trump's in the kk k is if Donald Trump, are you sure he's racist? Are you sure there's any discrimination?

hires gay guys are running casinos and hotels, and his friends with him and like gave interviews of the advocate 20 years ago. It's all just complete made up horse crap. He's waving a rainbow flag at the RNC speech. He says Republicans have to stop being mean to gay people and have to be inclusive and he's about to enforce civil rights laws for gays and others. And they're calling him a literal homophobe. Now listen, only upside down BS man.

But this is my problem with it. My problem with it is that people want to use a real you're a bigot you're this You're that they want to come up with a nice quick label that officially makes them that makes you mad. It boxes UNM finds you and then you have to defend yourself. Look, you said it best at the beginning of this. Donald Trump is not perfect. He's a man. And he's also a super ambitious super wealthy man. It's constantly on the go. And those kinds of dudes are type a hyper aggressive personalities. And he's definitely said some shit. He shouldn't have said, right. Don't you agree? Like, we all do. Yeah. And this, the big one is one that he said in confidence with that Billy Bush guy, the grabbing by the pussy thing. That's the big man who has it in confidence. Especially if you're famous said Man, it's crazy. Women throw themselves on you. He can do anything. He wants.

A woman's climbing up on top of you. You can do whatever you want. That's what mammals do. She's showing she wants it she gets it.

So it's pure horse created if a woman said he I just I could just see it in their eyes. I could just go and grab him in the balls we wouldn't we wouldn't laugh or fucking Rihanna just talked about her she fucking he got she wants his walks up to him grabs by the deck we'll be like crazy. Total we would think it's amazing. The sound of my group is he wasn't talking about that he hides behind bushes and ropes for joggers reaches out in context. Out of context. He's having a guy conversation right like he described it as locker room.

But this recording this and this is not defending it. I mean, it's definitely not something he should have said probably right. We should all agree to that. But what is he really doing? He's really what we call talk and shit.

like Eddie, you talk shit so much to each other laughing saying things we totally don't believe we totally don't mean but we're trying to make each other laugh show. Yeah, we're we're Sally Eddie and I are silly all the time. You want a transcript of all the conversations you and I have had the fucking 17 years we've been friends. Oh shit, we'd be in trouble. Can't put it on air. We'd be in fucking real.

Content rolling on Facebook Mentions into that live video. You guys have been so funny. Watching the stupid TV show. Oh my god, that show was awesome. And then as soon as I turned the camera on, you had to sell that stuff. And it wasn't none of it was bad. But it was like off the cuff. You weren't censoring? Well, I forgot what I said to a lot of marijuana involved in this conversation.

Go go on forever.

I'll put these off. You don't like them? You don't have to worry. So loud. You don't have to worry about Alex Jones, who's here? Seriously, I just want to do a good job and actually reach out to your some 100 100 and 10 million. Who knows how many? Let's know you got a lot of downloads a month 20 million on YouTube, all the derivatives and everything else you're doing and I hear you said I was on XM you still doing that? No, no, I'm not on the XM. But whatever the point is, is that you're one of the biggest shows in the world. Let me give you a newsflash. Now if your ego cam you need to know this. I don't use it as a signal to the mainstream media of how pathetic they are. Seen ins top show has maybe a million viewers their average show about 100,000 Foxes top show maybe 4 million and on a bigger night. Okay, great good for them. I'm not in competition with them. The point is, they're a frickin joke. I conservatively, every day on terrestrial radio have 4 million listeners on my 200 Plus stations that's rated proven. I mean, that's big right there. And then millions and millions of downloads every day. 10s of millions people watching the videos, you've added all together 40 something million a week, we go back to this. What's happening. It isn't about Joe Rogan or Alex Jones or Eddie Bravo or any of that. It's about the people are hungry for being able to have a wider selection of things with totally different categories. Because all I'm trying to do is give them interesting content. You're actually trying to run a new show and expose a really smart commentary. I watch clips all the time. I have people on all the time. And it's just you try to open minds all the time, to open minds a different way.

What I'm not I'm not honestly not trying to open minds. I'm being curious. And I'm asking questions, and I'm trying to learn as much myself. And then once I do learn about things I would like to have that person come on to teach other people about because I think it's interesting. Well, here's the big enchilada for folks if you want to lay this out Shilada documentary down the road and actually break this down. But

there is a whole breakaway civilization that listen to UFOs get ready. I don't ever talk about this for real breakaway civilization. Are you ready? Hold on. Joe, how many things that I tell you over the years? Who many too many. That's true. That was a couple that you got wrong. All right. 2k people take all the context, my listener that explained the why. Okay, a conspiracy theory is just not trusting criminals. Every now and then you can pin that murder to the criminal, but he's still a criminal, even though you're wrong. Well, one of the things I'm actually embarrassed about is the y2k. Oh, well, hey, well, listen, you're not. You're not a computer expert in your mind. I didn't go anywhere that night. I stayed fucking home. And I was waiting for that goddamn power to go out. That's the big news in a minute. But since 2012, I didn't know I thought Damn, the Mayans knew we thought it was over. I didn't think that any Bob and I were convinced

2012 license. Yes. I had a December 2012 license. I did. I was just a backup. Yes. Very strong tobacco from Mexico. I am in California. This is 100% medical reasons and legal.

Yeah, man, there's still look there's a lot of things that people think are gonna happen that turn out to not happen. There's always a goddamn asteroid. It's gonna kill us all. That doesn't actually.

That's important on the hill.

So what what is going on aliens are coming. Let me let me before I do this, let me answer his question is he got it right in question too.

Well, let me answer y2k Because I want to be honest about this. Okay. This is one of the few things that that I have really gotten wrong. And I didn't go with my gut. And so I was proven wrong, and I did it for the wrong reason. So now I'm gonna actually confess your honor.

I was on one radio station. I've been on access TV for few years. I was on one radio station already started the show at my house that was on like 15 radio stations. So I had that at least but I had I was on one big radio station, had the top show at night on station with Howard Stern's killer was all over the newspaper had huge ratings. And I was bringing in like 2030 grand a month which was just a huge amount for me building whole operation out of that at home. And they come to the sales guys and they go look for a year you've not been behind y2k. And you're not letting us have all these big sponsors and you're gonna basically be fired. If you don't let us endorse the sponsors and have them on air and say you believe in y2k? Oh, hold on a second. So the sponsors were like doomsday stuff like canned food and shit and bunkers everything else so leaving

the station wants to make all the money. So the station made you

Push y2k. Well, but but let me go further. This is one of the few times in my life that I, I don't want to say I didn't have integrity. I kind of let them convince me. But I think back to the point in the conference room, I just kind of went, Okay, okay, okay, sure I get it. And then I went, and then once I decided it was true, I really pushed it. So it's almost like I lied to myself, because I'm being honest about this process. So so this is what happened. for like a year and a half. I'm saying it's BS. It's a government hoax, because they're like, the Navy says, The chips are all bad and 54 cities will completely fall and it's all the death and I said they just want to upgrade with all this new spy hubs. They want a new global standardization for the US is the Telecommunications Act of 96. They want to force all the new chips because I had NSA sources then that I was heading on, okay. And I didn't realize how special was that I had the sources they're telling me it's all BS. People don't don't argue with the Navy and don't and Fox News had ads eat your food, it was just everywhere. So I went, Okay, hell, okay, stuffs gonna be real. So it's like a Black Friday for Black Friday deals for the last few months.

And the moral was ended up firing meaningless. They did, but the moral was I kind of convinced myself it was real. So by the end of it, the course they edit like, you know, 12 hours and beyond that day in like, five minutes. I'm totally insane, right, but it's like nuclear reactor having a problem here. And it really was happening. And like, you know, oh, and there was a missile fired from Russia, which like, was an ICBM, and they got like, shut down. That was ABC News. So I'm like, alright, this isn't really happening. Okay, well, you know, we got prepared, it's always gonna be prepared, but Oh, no reactor is having a problem. Okay, some stuff. So there was some outages and some problems. But government and MSM had hyped it. Then they use it to demonize alternative media even then, when it wasn't catastrophic. So my gut told me it was BS. It was BS. And so thank God, I missed the whole 2012 thing. But still, they said Alex Jones says the world's ending the bureau 2012, where he really starts when I say it's all a load of crap. But I didn't press it. When I saw you doing it. I said I was balls deep. And

here's the thing. It wasn't.

It was it was the listeners. They were pissed at me that I wouldn't go into this thing. Well, it's fun for them. See, when you start talking about the end of the world, or doomsday come and people like that shit, because it gives them something to think about. Because here's a lot of people. Future.

Listen, you was it a long time ago? 17 years ago, y2k? 17 fucking years ago, at least 2012 Didn't get you redeemed yourself. Yeah, you came back.

17 think about 17 years ago. That's a long time ago. I mean, in you getting fired from that job. Every great radio guys gotten fired. Howard Stern got fired. You got fired, like public loves Howard Stern fire top ratings, and they were all pissed and weird about it. The weird thing is they didn't mess with the losers. They were all flipping out because I was getting a big paychecks. Well, it makes sense. It was the same. Yeah. And the y2k thing totally makes sense that they would want you to really push that and sell it hard. Because who the fuck knows? You know, we don't know. You get scared you like

this frolics, the Navy says it's gonna happen Washington Post. Now your listeners are real. And it was the one time I went? Okay, maybe I'll go to it. I had people on there. Were telling me there was something that was gonna happen on 2012 They were sure of it. Yeah.

Not a bully. Doing it. You start like stampeding, like lemmings. It's a psychological going on this massive double crossing, because I really used to be into UFOs. But the more you look into UFOs, it looks like and that's another conspiracy. Like the government.

NASA deal. And when he came to the meeting, he couldn't do it. I knew this guy. Well, and then the next time he was gonna meet with me, he is heart blew up. It blew up. Yeah, like like a bomb in his heart. Like they said his heart like completely ruptured. Well, the point is, his name was Raymond T. And if you look at Mission Control, he was the main damage control, the control the cameras and everything. And he he had been in his house, he had national security letters from the President. He'd run like secret operations in Cambodia and Laos. He was an Air Force engineer. And he knew the whole deal and he would say what hold they would stay with you and tell you everything and he would come and start gulping and he couldn't get it out, couldn't get what out. He said he was so threatened or whatever he couldn't tell me about you think about that. He probably he probably left and laugh and he was in the car.

Raymond was

telling me a lot. He said, Alex, your sources are right. There were advanced technologies. We were worried that astronauts might die. They had two teams in orbit, one with the real chips. This is not a joke. Whoa, wait a minute. They had one real ship suppose in orbit and they were communicating with Kennedy and the government everybody and Nixon are gonna have this giant thing about America's number one and not have a backup plan. Have the astronauts die?

Put those headphones back on. You lost your fucking mind.

It's got you into a corner. Hold on, let him finish there. So tell me what you're trying to say.

you trying to say that so the United States Government Teague was gonna give me the secret of NASA okay and then he couldn't ever get it out

second program they had a second program how do you know he died? He told me but before the heart attack in the middle have a hard time

No no I met with him at the old SAT command What did he actually tell you? What for Word or not what he told me he said your he said from your analysis your sources you're dead on while I was in control of the video and radio communications. He was the go to TVs it's him on TV I mean it's the running that's very important the guy controlling the camera he was on Mission Control one pretty huge two backups behind Are you kidding? Of course the the moon landings are you kidding? Come on. Well, you raised it you want to know Come on. That's ridiculous. No but that's why I don't trust the government that's why I don't trust him because they ran a fake they didn't want to spend money they ran a fake cop was just reentry devices and basic stuff in space and did shoot some of it but then they had a real mission that put the reflectors everything on the moon with the moon but there's no proof of that right so you believe well, you know that the Russian government with lovely people died the Secret Space Program Alex you know that the Russian government you know that the Russian government put those laser sight those laser reflectors on the moon as well with unmanned probes? Yes, you know that right now they're still Chinese the Chinese but that's not like

there's there's weird ever nobody went the damn things not that far away. Just kidding. Are you kidding? So Alex, you think they definitely went to the moon that just the footage is fake? Is that what you think? You can't bring film back to the Van Allen Radiation Belts good spots all over? Right. But we don't have film what would lead us to believe that they definitely did it? Because they had RCA cameras will be trashed all the time. Some amazing footage, right as amazing footage.

Launch in space, in case the real mission died. So who's in the fake launcher to show you the real? What happened? Is there in the US military? Is there in advance? Okay, okay. But let him Let him answer this Edie. So we got it. Got to figure this out. So what you're saying is the one that we saw on TV with Neil Armstrong, one small step for man, that's all horseshit. But the real one actually took place. They just couldn't get the film back. But Armstrong had been on real missions. So yes, he definitely did unreal mentions but had no no, he wouldn't tell me all of it. He died before we met. The other dude, I was the next day and his wife called my dad was friends with him.

The other guy, what's his name? Okay, Buzz Aldrin. I didn't know Buzz Aldrin? Yeah, Buzz Aldrin said, I want to come on your show. And I'm not gonna get into all that. He don't know. He lives here in LA and one time I ran into him, but let's leave it at that. And he said, I want to come on your show. And I said, alright, we'll come on. But it's the only interview he said. And he goes, I'm gonna tell you Alex, your audience alone. He said, There is an Oculus, just like 2001 It's on the moon of Mars, the Seoul moon, and it's sending a transmission. And it's all real, and it's all Egypt and there's aliens and everything else. And it's the only time he ever said it. What

is your clip of that was on pull up, Buzz Aldrin up, pull that.

Dude, it was on like ABC Nightly News The next day, so do you think he was fun? Do you think he's fucking with you? No, he was real. He's a fighter.

I think he's full of shit. Why do you think he's full of shit? What if that's true? He imagined there is an obelisk on Mars. I think that it really is communicating with an obelisk on the moon of the moon of Mars Phobos? So we got to land there. DW seen his Instagram? No, it's a good. It's a lot of benches. Amazing. To follow Bo Chism bitches and

he's just like,

he's this. Okay. Let's give some love and Instagram. Let's give some people with their habitation. We can keep track. If there's something very important to be developed from the moon. I'm not sure what it is right now. Of course you're sure thanks. Should I tell

you all the truth? No, no, no, we all want to hear what

I want to hear. But I want to hear what he says first. Let's see what he says. Yes, hold it. Hold it. Go ahead, Jamie. America to make such gross expenditures again, for human habitation on a boat. We can help we can join with together we can explore the moon and develop the moon and steal tax money together. Dan has not gone before. Is this where he talks about that? No, it's on my show this

we need to go and go to a monolith. They're a very unusual structure.

Little potato shaped object we need $4 billion to go on one lesson seven hours

out about that. They're gonna say Who put that there who put that there? Well,

the universe. Put it there if you choose comm God put it there. That's like, come on. wants $4 billion

Want another shot that's before him?

So that's the monolith that thing that you're looking at Wow, that's weird. I don't believe that shit for a sec. Okay, let me tell you about Buzz Aldrin

here in Los Angeles and I can't tell you anything else. Okay, look at this monolith on Phobos. Oh weird. Yeah, that's like a weird structure who knows that's a real picture it's all

yeah it's almost yeah come on. Yeah. That proves it yes the planes are all boats I can I don't know shit about Photoshop and I can make that okay, I'm sure you can I tell you the big secret about my secret meeting with

me here the shitty fed you well know Eddie don't sound

let's go. Communicate. He told me that Papa Smurf is real.

I don't know what he told me.

He told me he said you know India sending a probe the moon. And they'll announce that when they crash the probe. They found the undersea frozen ice that covers the moon. The moon has dust on it. It's a big water ball. It's gonna be the water we need to get off the planet. We make our big jump. So the whole point is once everything's laid out the planet just perfect for humanity. We make the steps right? But it's like a video game. Bizarre as fuck

was all written out? Know You're not listening. He's fucking crash the problem found exactly what they were saying. And I walked through an airport here later and look over and it says it says India discovers water on the moon. And it's all water. Well, they've definitely discovered water on the moon. Right? That's

Buzz Aldrin told me about it a year before? Is that right? Am I Am I correct in saying there's water on the moon?

Buzz Aldrin? Is he going to the meetings and they tell him shit? Listen, he'd Yeah, he went to normal. You want to get into a meeting? I don't get into all this stuff. Okay. I'm telling you. Buzz Aldrin told me in a year. It's gonna be on the news that they discovered water with a probe or setting before they're even sending a probe in the news. They let India quote find it because the US already found it. It's already been on the moon that God knows how many times the orders they got military.

Jobs in the 50s What do you think we got now? So you think they have new equipment? They have bases on the moon? Well, I'm never get into all this stuff. Right? Don't do that. But let's just say it's super advanced. So you really think that they have some sort of a base out there? It's like a

keyword that's so far away. Why would they just do it on a desert somewhere? What is this mi P detected water on the moon? Way back in June? Hmm. They're dropping disinfo on you, Alex. Well, I mean, Buzz Aldrin tells me they're gonna announce India finds water oh my god bizarre to follow him on Instagram and then come back to me with the moon impacts probe.

Buzz Aldrin Tolman. Look at this the moon impact probe, which class crashed landed at a designated site on the lunar South Pole on November 14 2008. had picked up some clear signatures of water damage. Five minutes to crash it. Yeah, Mr. Nair said at a press conference here on Friday, interesting. You know what, when it comes to space, Alex

that's not your forte. i But one, one thing I want to ask you.

Buzz Aldrin is

on Instagram, and they come back at me

with his Instagram, what's up with but all amazing, it's amazing. He's just like, he's he's bolo.

He's so into it. Did you see when the guy comes over? He goes, you're full of crap. Everyone has the money. He just punches you. Hey, check this out. I wanted to ask you, what do you what do you think? Is Trump going to do anything about the Stratospheric Aerosol injections? I write that down? Because I don't talk we talked about

talking about stratospheric aerosol, and I can't get to the point did you want let me you know, what do you think Trump wants to stop that? I'm gonna write it down. Right now. But down the next question. I'll do it here. That's the question the question he just

filed before the House Jones is off the rails right now. I'll bring it in. I didn't get the joke. Why don't have to write it down. I didn't get it. Because you've been bad listener.

Will Trump is Trump gonna do anything about

that program to stop?

Well, what do you what do you think the program is? What do you think the program?

Director of the CIA is talking about it on YouTube? Look under John.

John O'Brien, they talk about strategies. They talked about strategies, all injections, that's going to cost $10 billion a year. And there's going to be some countries opposed to it, because it's going to mess up the web telling me about atmospheric manipulation. I'm talking about stratospheric G. S A. I never heard of that. It's super important when you can break it down to three letters. Yeah, let me let me go to John O. Brennan admitted last in June of 2016. At the

video, comment on it. Can you play at Jamie? Shawn O'Brien forever? No, I'm not

I'm not bashing you, but you had your TV show and jokes about it, which I get because a lot of it's BS. There is an entire atmospheric terraforming geoengineering manipulation. They don't call it chemtrails and of course the CIA director admitted they have this huge program. Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation owns the major patents on it from Westinghouse and others. They use these big antennas to manipulate the weather they can like China's like causing huge, like harp like harsh. allergy. It's all declassified. You think HAARP manipulates the weather? They admit it does. I used to have the head of HAARP. General, bitten Capehart. Not all the time. But the Exactly. There's giant weather modification systems. And there's weather wars between different governments. And they it's all declassified, explain to people that are listening, what HAARP is, what does it stand for? High altitude, something? Yeah, they've got a system that supposedly, well, you know, what HAARP really was under classification. What does it stand for High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program? So the idea behind this was they wanted to do research on the Aurora. And didn't they want to see if they could communicate using it and send radio wave?

Radar, right. Yeah, that and they also wanted to be able to send radio signals to places where they wouldn't, doesn't really go, what does that have to do with stratospheric aerosol and just really go into the atmosphere? With speculation?

I've interviewed the private head of it. Okay.

Okay.

Let him on my heart. How does HAARP work with the chemtrails? What are they

only a micronic amount of small amount of what heart does is in the atmosphere, it's bouncing off the Aurora Borealis, and then resonating back through in a in a deeper Earth communication program to satellites and other things through the planet. So it's so easy to communicate the satellites through the satellites down to the submarines. So here it goes. This is an actual definition how HAARP works. The facilities transmitters and radio where he was on let's just read it first waves upwards into the ionosphere between 100 350 kilometers at altitude. The resulting heating effect creates irregularities in the electron density there, which in turn allows communication signals as from satellites to be relayed off the ionosphere. That's what it really does. Then they can shoot the satellite frequency coated through the earth to submarine now what is this website from the

buoy? You want the real stuff? I'll tell you. Yeah, sure. Okay.

Let me explain something. Okay. I have the head of the Heart program on I'm just fucking I got contacted about 10 years ago, they said the head of the heart project really likes your work. He liked to come on interviews online. He liked to come on and tell everybody and about 30 minutes and a colonel came on the line and said sorry, during a break and cut the guy off. Wow. Tom Tom. I mean, this really happened to spooky music. Cue spooky music. I believe Yeah, that's true. I want to know, I want to know that I want to know the relationship between like, what are the chemtrails have to do? Do you think Trump is going to look into the SIA project that the CIA has greenlit he is starting out with vaccines as I told people he would do investigating all the damage they've caused. The ultimate that's good to start the vaccines Get that shit together too, for sure. But what about the sai programs that the CIA has greenlit? You think he's gonna get into the next level? You certainly want him to communicate with these microphones and and it shouldn't be like, I don't have to.

You're so locked on to this. It's like, well, here's the problem with all this. So I saw a shit. Most of what you see when you see those jets flying around those clouds behind them. Most of that is just a jet engine. Exactly. The jet confuses that with a real resume. What's the real program? Well, here's the thing. You're right. And so as Joe because the world is complex, there are secret and quasi secret and public programs to test manipulation of the weather and weather systems. The Arabs are doing it the Chinese are doing it. The Russians are doing people being cloud seeding for 100, cloud, Chinese

weather manipulation, but they're doing it for different purposes. And that's not to

say I have been living on the head of the US weather weapon program for 27 years on my show first, because I saw it was declassified, I saw that he was in the panhandle of Texas. I called him running a major cloud seeding company with his son and got the 90 year old to Austin. And then after that, he totally freaked out because the CIA came to his house. Do you want the interviews on YouTube? Do you want to know what he said? Yes.

He was a World War Two fighter pilot.

At the end of World War Two he flew the first planes in hurricanes, which which are in the Atlantic, that's pretty gangster, and in two typhoons that are even faster in the Pacific. And then he and then he also led squadrons in Vietnam, flooding everything up to 10 feet of water out of clear blue skies within hours. With with their with their chemicals.

You have to be to do that it's super badass flying to a hurricane or a typhoon

And he's the first guy to do it. Holy shit. Anyways, a super badass. I mean, he's alive. He's been living at 90 He was still all there and I thought not even kick my ass. Big Tex and I felt like I was the guy was tougher than me. Anyways, so So we're sitting there, and he gives me all this data and I can't believe it. He showed me all these classified photos and stuff because they just declassified the file. No one thought to call the old man from Lubbock or whatever it was, right. So I call him out, get him on. They send a bunch of people to their company and threaten them the next week after Eric. And he laid it out. He said, In 1967, we certified at the Stanford Research Institute that he was able to control hurricanes, create hurricanes, and steer hurricanes, all that got black budgeted shut down. And then they got into these arrays where they could use antennas. And out of that, and Westinghouse came came the Whole Heart program. So in the 60s, they could create, control and steer or kill hurricanes. That's why you Google Now, Bill and Melinda Gates bought all those patents, and quote, Bill Gates is going to save the world from bad weather. Bill Gates wants to stop hurricanes Google. So so let me Bill Gates owns the weather machine. Let me pause for a second. How does the how do they manipulate a hurricane? So the hurricanes going to happen? How do they break it up? Okay. If it's if it's if it's coming into lands their problem with with aerial arrays projecting into the sky, they can break it up or strengthen it or kill it, or scare it. It's doing that with HAARP. Well, they've got they've got heart bases all over the place. They call them Doppler radar facilities. Oh, the government wants your local city to have Doppler radar. I thought that was like so you can find the winner the screen that's it like 1/10 of 1% they can crank those arrays up that have massive your lights might go out when they do it a little bit. Really? Yeah, cuz they'll use the whole power of your town through the Doppler radars, and then they control it. The US has a giant weather weapon hidden in front of everybody and every town and city. Poor Russians and Chinese are just discovering and all the US has one other weapons that can knock them all out right. Bill Gates control the weather, ideas for barges to pump cold water from the depths of the ocean to create some sort of a roadblock for the hurricane. Since hurricanes pull power from the water's warm temperatures cooling the water could have theoretically, theoretically

dismantle the hurricane. Well, it sounds like a good idea though. The point is loving. It sounds like a genius idea. You spray cold water until it fails. John Brennan in the front of the CFR is saying we were doing this because for global warming to save your

soul about about geoengineering chemtrails. You were wrong about the dinosaurs not being wrong.

But hey, what about that they're they're coming out saying hey, there's gonna be some countries that that are that aren't going to be for it. And we got to figure out how we're going to deal with them because you want me to have the Audience Yes, the big secret. Yes. What's the big season? relation? Keep going with that. Come on, man. Don't change the subject. Keep going with that. You're not done with Livingston. Okay. Imagine it's good. You're here. But imagine it me and Joe were actually got me off on you only hear about Ronald Reagan today. He later finished the s ai pro. He doesn't know about this. I know about it. But it's what do you know about the sai program? Let's get this done when most of the real programs are just like fronts for something else is not even real. So you don't think they're spraying shit into the atmosphere? No, there is a program for geoengineering. There's a program in place. You said it's the Doppler radar system and HAARP and what else and an aerial spraying still the most effective and then what do they do? They do have Pat when you say aerial spraying Where Are They Spraying? Barium salts, Alumina oxide, radioactive isotopes, bury them in the air why they're doing that? Because because it does a bunch of things. They're testing a bunch of stuff. They're manipulating things. Listen, our Pentagon, why do you have evidence that they're doing this and spraying aluminum melt, barium, whatever, go online and read the Department of Energy. It's all public. Just like he just said, go online and watch a Chinese Dude get jacked by a tiger, though I agree. That's how you can go to the Department of energy.gov. Right and you can watch CFR CIA director at the time Brennan

admitting all this. This is all public. Yeah. He talked about but he had no I saw it. I saw the video. We can play the video and go over it if you want. But he's talking about various options for controlling global warming, to laying out the future. Look, if global warming is a guy Hold on a second. Hold on a second. If global warming is real, we know it is right. Don't you think they would have you don't believe global warming is real. So they keep measuring these temperatures and scientists keep saying

okay, came out. Females? Well, let's find out let's find out what

was real. Okay. I believe that it was high. It goes cold. There's always micro temperature change this shift is the only thing that ever happened. That's carbon taxes to Al Gore won't fix it. Okay. I think we all agree that the shifts but what I'm saying is there absolutely is global warming, right. What is the scene?

We're talking house when my dad was a kid in the 1950s for

Three, four months out of the year it was below zero or freezing, you had to chop wood heat freeze your ass off and all houses had, even in the South had had, you know had all sorts of chimneys and fireplaces, because it was freezing cold, right? And now there has been a warming period. But that's part of a normal global cycle based on the sun. All these astrophysicist are sure. The whole thing about claiming it's the carbon we put out the earth is carbon star, there's a carbon cycle. That's the big story. I want to get to the globalist want to tax if they can tax oxygen, carbon dioxide, water, sunlight, they have total control over the whole lifecycle of the planet. Let's play the video let's play the video this this CIA guy talking about it because what I inferred from it as they try to come up with some sort of solutions if global warming becomes a giant Brennan is a frickin known well, hobbyist. What's yo

what is the CIA? Let's watch the video first global warming. It's a good question. What do they have to do? I don't know what the CIA does do you know Central Intelligence that they were built to stop the spread of communism? Right. But it's an intelligence agency. They're part of the environment, okay. They're a part of the intelligence community. And if they got hired, I would imagine it's just me guessing right off the top of my head if they got hired to assess a threat. And the threat being from global warming, like what what do we have to worry about? Are we really going to lose cities? Do we really have an issue?

Give George Soros and the UN total power for a 100 trillion per decade global tax to micromanage and surveil everything humans do, what's the use of carbons toxic? They've got to surveil it, thus they have a jurisdiction to control our lives. Okay, hold it. Why does it say debunked CIA director admits chemtrails, geoengineering Stratospheric Aerosol injections.

So it says the claim guys

hold on hold on at the council admits geoengineering in the form of stratospheric aerosol injections sai is taking a place ie chemtrails taking place ie chemtrails and the rebuttal is nowhere in his speech, is there an admission that an sai program has already taken place? The part where Brennan mentions geoengineering is just one example out of several not often mentioned issues, the CIA monitors for potential elements of instability in the world, a s AI program, if ever implemented could penetrate conflicts and security threats if misused. The CIA's job is to consider all types of concepts, concepts for potential future problems and threats, including the science oriented concepts. That's totally fine. Let me break down right, but isn't that possible? No, we're gonna, but what that guy just said, is that possible? No. That's basically what Brennan said. What he's saying is that there are potential threats. You want to require mentally it's an issue. Right? So he's not admitting that he had there's an essay. Let me let me tell you, Okay, go ahead. Tell me.

Everybody debates, how many programs there are all the specifics, a lot of that's classified. You can Google China launches, major weather control operations. 10 years, right. Or Qatar, does it or Saudi Arabia or UK or for sure people have studied none of that, right? No, there's they call it study. There's a giant hell in 2005, the Department of Energy Program for aerosol testing was $5 billion a year. So under US Code Title 50, Chapter 32, subsection 1528 Paragraph B. Is that true? You nailed that, right? Yes, yes. Well, you from Mars under US Code. You live on that obelisk. That was fucking insane. Let me just tell you to remember the time last time the cheetah fought.

Under US Code Title, finish number 32,528. Paragraph b That's That's insane. Say it's slow that Jamie write it up. Jay was Code Title 50 Chapter. Asset fast. Remember US Code Title 50 Chapter

20. Paragraph, subsection 128 The real fast brain that's me. Thanks speed. Kenya's speech came and say it looks like one thought. Jesus

knows exactly when there's restrictions on use of human subjects for testing of chemtrails. Go Go back, go back back. There you go. Or biological agents right now what they do in this Oh, is they say it's illegal to test unless it's for research, that research chill people. It was for research purpose. You know, that's how some of those Japanese whaler vessels get away with killing whales still. They say it's for research purpose. Exactly. And they kill the whales and sell them dark shit. The elites are the elites are the Mad Science everything engineers. I'm gonna give you the big secret man. If you want this. I do. I'm not kidding around. I know. I'm not even thinking as they call. They're the high priests. They're scientists, right? They're engineers. They're allowed to kill people test stuff on kids and jet black people with syphilis, all the declassified stuff because they are scientists all the real executioner's tortures are most of them are people making decisions are doctors. And so it's all medical doctor stuff, and this big breakaway civilization of scientist. Okay, and so that's what they built it under, under under research provisions.

They can even kill anybody they want. Alright, I'm gonna go back because we took Eddie's turn on chemtrails, but we did it to sidetrack from what you were saying about the moon. And I want to go back to what you're saying. Because you were saying that there was two completely different missions. And one of them was real, and that there was some sort of contact with aliens. No, I was getting to that. I'm saying I had a tongue. Is that what you're implying? Well, I had it. Well, let's just say this. Okay, it's mind blowing. I was told by a top NASA individual Raymond TIG, that indeed, there was a breakaway program and that he heard and saw transmissions on some back channels of real feeds and advanced chips that he'd never even seen, that basically didn't even look like they were anything that he could imagine that was classified. And he knew about some classified programs. For every program, you saw, there was at least 10 programs that were secret that's a bit of about NASA, 90%, secret or more. And so he knew about a cloud bunch of classified programs, and he was seeing transmissions and things coming back and talk to people about a whole breakaway program they sent that was a lot safer, a lot bigger than the moon. And they had guys up in orbit, just basically so that even other foreign governments, from the trajectory point we think that we're getting transmissions back from the moon, so that people out basically out outside of the regular orbit, we just go around in circles, or is it geosynchronous where you're in one spot, transmitting back from mathematical spot to look like transmissions to fool the Russians, everybody. All the real mission was going on? On the moon. So you believe they went to the moon? Do you think that it was Buzz Aldrin, and I don't know, Neil Armstrong for everything he does.

He said, I'm gonna meet with you tomorrow and he died. Dude. That's like a movie. He told me. I'm gonna tell you everything. And that he was just totally, it was crazy. But he did admit to you that what the public got was fake.

Yeah, he couldn't get into it. Well, there's some footage from the moon that looks so ridiculous. And most people have never seen some footage of them that here's here's the big speculation. This is one of the really big ones is that there was a lot of footage that they did where they were doing tests that they wound up just using for press releases they using like to say this is actual footage. They fake stuff for the project because they wanted to be guaranteed of it.

That's true. But there was a thing with Michael Collins, Gemini 15 There was a test photo of him with like a test rig on and it was like suspended and you can see the background behind him it was clear that he was suspended on wires. And they took that same photo and blacked it out and used it as a press photo of him on an actual spacewalk. But it's the same exact stuff. Yeah, they do that where they just go over with it back down. And you see you actually use an exacto knife. Like my dad when he was like a junior in high school was in the plan to programming UT and they already had CD ROMs and computers and they had a nuclear

plant under ut nobody knew about and my dad told me about this when I was a teenager and I would like later go to the library couldn't find it and that Googled it. It's not really in the news that I've gone to UT and talked to him and they go Yeah, you know about the reactor and the building of reactor that Austin's got and then and then no one even knew that Austin has two nuclear reactors in North flat. Yeah, but the point was my that was for you. That was ever he was in college they built a reactor under which building in Austin, Texas. It's big. It's a big railway system under there, but it's it's built right under me right under makes it Jester. So there's a nuclear reactor in Austin, Texas. How many people know about this?

You know, it's in the literature and my dad told me about it when I was a kid. I thought you I mean, I believe my dad. My dad told me about a Dallas hospital. It was killing people for their organs. Like six years later, I saw it on 60 minutes. Why it's yeah, they were killing people for organs. Yep. Really? My dad told me about that in Dallas and it was on 60 minutes. Yeah, my dad said when I was 16 He got a 15 ticket drivers course he said don't sound that organ donor card. I know hospitals that kill you. She's dead your kidney goes No I've he was an oral surgeon and rewired Jaws he's not heard this one kill people all the time. That is this is one of the creepiest things you ever

Can you imagine doctors that get kickbacks for Oregon's that kind of let the doctors are seen as the highest caste but the elite? So they're the ones pulling all the stuff. I'm telling you, man, you know how creepy it would be like to find out that a nurse that you were working with was killing people. But that's a story that happens over and over again. Is that real crazy? Nurse smart killer. There's been a bunch they get they get it? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, she'll be elite No, these nurses that say no nurses decide they don't want to take care of somebody and they poison them. They have someone and maybe someone's dying slow and they don't like it and they just like get tired of dealing with their bullshit some of the time. The district? Oh, yeah, a lot of the times they're sadistic. There's been a lot worse than I have about facts. You're absolutely on target. You know, worse and you

everything everything I know and you're on target you pretend you're not. No one knew that document off the top of your head like that. So Rain Man must have been obsessed with chemtrails.

All right. No, I know a bunch of

crazy mind. No, I used to

photographic memory. I was about 35. And now it's not good anymore. Steals that from you stuff I remember. But I want to tell you guys the big enchilada. The big enchilada. Were these headphones now, but the problem is when we don't have headphones on we talk over each other. It's hard when three people are talking. He notes he just you know, it's none of our fault. It's just natural conspiracy. Your your your Bill Hicks, huh? No, I was I'm younger than him. Totally different. I agree. I love how I haven't had any success. It's all Bill Hicks. He was a funny guy. But give me a frickin break man. Listen to those families call me before and said please stop the people saying your Bill Hicks. Troll these damn people. Don't worry about that. Put the headphones back on Fine.

Fine. So I need to know. I need to know what do you know about aliens? And how are aliens real? Alright. This is really big. So okay.

pouring in the shot of the media get this

question is What does Donald Trump know about? Oh, yeah, it was you know now right? Because he's in the office? I don't know. It's that would be the first thing I think the Joe Rogan experience deserves to the first thing I did, I would run to the office, and I'd go who's got the documents? Who's got the alien documents? Who's got him? Who's got him? That would be the first thing I would want to know. Right? Cheers, sir. boring shit. Well.

You're a robot. You never have to piss.

Alright, let me give me my best please. deep research approximation once what do you think is going but am I wrong to still hold out hope that aliens are real? Because I tell you has one. The two guilty pleasures that I still cling to? Is Bigfoot and aliens. Those are too big, but not so much. I wish it was real, but I just don't. Are you ready? Yes, they are true. No, come on, daddy. No. Are you ready? Yes, I'm gonna give you the big enchilada. Joe, there are aliens in this room right now. For real? Yeah, you're not of this world, bro. Me. You're the alien. Oh, wow. I didn't know. It's like, there was like an old comic book about that. About some dude who was a forgetful professor. And then he realized at the end of it, he was actually an alien from another planet that seemed sent down here to monitor people he just forgot.

Well, here's what the elite believe. And let me be very clear as we do to this context, I only go with what I can prove. Oh, thank you. And people can't even handle that. Okay, well, I'm really surprised how much you knew every angle of so called pizza gate that I didn't forgot. Well, it's to meet Well, obviously, we both have children. And when you hear about someone that wants to molest children

it's a special kind of evil it's a special kind of you are and it's it's also a special kind of bizarre twisted sickness that the human mind like is capable of latching on to programming to take care of kids and be nice to him. There's something very crazy about people's brains and there's something very crazy about the the weird variables that can potentially happen I agree with all sorts of weird crazy aberrations in standard behavior you know like this the standard behavior a bunch of people that are just normal folks, you got kids I got kids Oh, and get the kids together for a playdate you sit down. You have a couple of beers. You laugh you joke. Have a good night Bob. Guide Steve. That's fucking normal shit, right? When you're normal and there's normal people around you you assume that everybody is basically a good person. We all have our problems normal the way that your wife goes in the bedroom, she you get going you don't look at a five year old and think that's what I want. No, there's some there. Yeah, what you're trying to say is there's some people out there that have this horrific programming, whatever the fuck it is that causes it is a bunch of psychologists trying to speculate and figure out what causes pedophilia to be beaten the head with a ball peen hammer. The thing is, it's real and it's terrifying. It's going on we can't deny it's real. And it's also like, fucking Jared from Subway, the subway guy, the subway guys in jail for being a pedophile, and they team up and they usually have high intelligence, and there's armies were fighting a pedophile conspiracy, but beyond that it's a vampire conspiracy. And that they are inter dimensionally sucking the essence of our youth. Right? And they believe they're possessed by an offworld entity. They do. Yeah, Joe, I've been on air 22 years I don't get into aliens, metaphysical religion, any of that I've studied the elite and I've also communicate with a lot of the top people and if you want to know I will actually break down right now the best knowledge right now what's happening on the planet what's happening?

Let me give you a basic just stole okay. I love when you can use that word with full confidence. I've never said that. Let me give you a basic Gestalt. Don't be like oh my god such a fraud no you're not you know, but that's what I'm thinking if I use that word now you'll get all this joy already had most ecstatic is your bookworm or research worm in a good way.

The elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe and they want to know all this. Some are good, some are bad. Some are a mix. But the good ones don't ever want to organize. The bad ones didn't want to organize because they lost after power. Powerful

consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people, they want to empower them. So they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game, then they come together, evil is always defeated, because good is so much stronger. And we're on this planet and Einstein's physics showed at Max Planck says, shut it all. There's at least 12 dimensions. And now that's all the top scientists and and billionaires are coming out saying, it's a false hologram. It is artificial, that computers are scanning and finding tension points where it's artificially projected, and gravity's bleeding in to this universe. That's what they call dark matter. So we're like a thought or a dream, that's a wisp in some computer programs, some Gods mind, whatever, they're proving it all, it's all coming out. Now, there's like this sub transmission zone below the third dimension, that's just turned over to the most horrible things is what it resonates to. And it's trying to get up into the third dimension. That's just a basic level consciousness to launch into the next levels. And our species is already way up at the fifth sixth dimension consciously, our best people, but there's this big war trying to like basically, destroy humanity, because humanity has freewill. And there's a decision to which level we want to go to, we have free will. So evils allowed to come and contend not just good.

And the elites themselves

believe they're racing. We're using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization, where they're going to merge with machines transcend, and break away from the failed species that is man, which is kind of like a false transmission, because they're thinking what they are is ugly and bad, projecting it onto themselves instead of believing. No, it's a human test about building us up. And so Google was set up at 19 years ago, this was I knew about this before it was declassified, I'm just saying I've been sources that they wanted to build a giant artificial system at Google believes that the first artificial intelligence will be a supercomputer, based on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity, with billions of people wired into the internet of things. And so all of our thoughts go into it. And we're actually building a computer that has real neurons in real time, that's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures, so that they will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true crystal ball. But the big secret is, once you have a crystal ball and know the future, you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future. And so then it's the end of consciousness and freewill for individuals as we know, and a true 2.0 in a very bad way, hive mind consciousness with an AI jacked into everyone knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us not in some PKD whiteheads system, where we plug in and give up on consciousness because of unlimited pleasure. But because we were already wired and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system, our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system. There's now a human Counter Strike taking place to shut this off before it gets fully into place, and to block these systems, and to try to have an actual debate about where humanity goes and cut off the pedophiles and psychic vampires that are control of this AI system before humanity's destroy. Humanity is only controlled of AI. I think it had the pedophiles getting control of the pedophiles at whatever level the devil whatever you want to call it, this interdimensional thing that gives them advanced offworld technology the Fallen One that's out of this world is giving them advanced knowledge. What systems what has already been used before on other populations? Why that's Satan. But what do you reckon about, let's say, but explain that you just become something that you know, the stupid preacher tells you about who's totally controlled or something you read about on you know, in the news or TV, right? This is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something that absorbs us and kills us, rather than the divine

freewill were given to build something much better than empowers the species. So the species is now making a decision on its entire future. Where are you getting this from? From? That's what it is. But were you getting it I know from from looking at all the data, researching and studying it, watching the enemy. That's the big decision that humanity has now got before us. So if you were directing someone to investigate this on their own, how would they do that? So if you say, here's the problem, you get some place finally, in deep research, where it's what every culture already said, what everybody already knew what they're telling you in movies like Prometheus, what the elite admit the New York Times they believe in is this, you know, seated by offworld systems, panspermia, yes, everything, everything. They're doing points towards this, and then you read their own writings. They believe we're this ugly, fallen, ugly species, we're all need to be killed. They're the rich billionaires who are better than us, and they're gonna merge with machines and become gods and go to the next level. Don't you think that most people who extrapolate from where we stand today with our cell phones and our Apple watches and our integration with the computer and the Internet constantly, don't you think

But most people see that there's gonna be some sort of symbiotic connection. It's a very easy thing before I understand, but a lot of people were saying the problem, who engineered what we were given? What is the point of the backdoors? The Trojan horses, hey, here's what I'm giving you who engineered what, here's what here's, here's what I'm telling you, the elite, the elite literally believe inter dimensionally they were given this information and then built it and here's the thing, they built it. And Google admits even a data dumps to wire two years ago that they're building an AI that will in human consciousness freewill and take over and the next species will rise out of that they've already decided our species people have been taught Marshall McLuhan was talking about that 50 fucking years ago. Here's the old they built it. Amazon two years ago admits they can already with 99% certainty, pick what their regular users are going to order ballots before they hold on a second reading, instead of dragging this out to some nefarious end. Isn't it entirely possible that all these futures, all these technological innovators, they all see the same end game, that there's going to be some sort of a complete integration between people but it's the artificial intelligence. Historically, everybody saw this coming right? And so this big the all the futurists all the people that started the fork before silicon chips were created. The Marshall McLuhan, I think it was in the 1970s said that human beings are the sex organs of the machine world. And he was saying, even back then, that human beings are eventually going to integrate or become something that's a part what I'm telling you is there's a centralized system of what they're building that isn't naturally occurring, who is that we're artificially who's doing the elites believe they're getting off world building these things you're just describing right now? I mean, if you actually read it all the globalist said you've obviously read their writings you know, this show, they are getting not offworld but interdimensional communications to then build this system that we see lowers our IQ makes us live less I've never okay, but when you making these big statements like they're getting interdimensional signals is telling them to create these systems that lower IQs that's something you got to really prove. Like if there's

a please, if there's something you could show all the studies show screentime all the computers lowering IQ is lowering fertility.

Right there, is that a case? Is that a case of a somebody holding a gun to your head, let me tell you about me. I'm addicted. This goddamn thing. I love watching videos. I love love taking pictures of shit. I love loving humanity. There's a lot of beautiful things he does. But I'll tell you the very addictive, the very addictive. But hold on a second, let me stop you right there. I don't necessarily think that's engineered to be addictive. I think it's engineered to be really well and the fact work really well. And the fact that it works really well is very addictive. Just like little kids look at a screen. You put a fucking television in front of them when they're one year old and play some stupid commercial. And they're like, whoa,

hold on a second.

Hold on a second. They made better and better technology that we're not designed to absorb. Human beings have exactly who

we have the exact same DNA that we did 10,000 years ago. And there was nothing like television, there was nothing like movies, there was nothing like stereo headphones and project delicious. Joe, Shawn, please let you go on. You're crazy. Like at least you're interrupting my crazy rant. I'm telling you that this is a natural progression of this massive infatuation that we have with technology. They don't have to engineer it. It's natural. It happens to you and

anybody who's looking at cooler and cooler special effects and movies. All that stuff is a natural Steve Jobs wouldn't let his kids play with an iPad. Well, then he's a cut. He's a cut. Let your kids play with

Flux wrong. Right rant. I'm not disagreeing without you interrupted at 10 times you thought oh, let them on the fucker rant. Rant then. I'm done now shit. Yeah, I'm

gonna get back to this. We're not talking about the weather already. tell you that right now. Let me tell you right now. Let me tell you right now. For cloud let me tell you. I'm trying to break this down. Things being set up to control Okay, what I'm telling you when you're talking about the elites and interdimensional signals that they're receiving that are telling us to lower IQ. You can't just say that proof. Okay, let me give you proof. That sounds so crazy, by the way. Yeah, all of it sounds so crazy. I wonder where the aliens are? The honors or you know what? It's really cool to say no. Hey, maybe we're in a computer simulation store. Everybody talks about that. Everyone says Dude,

you're not nobody they're saying.

easily easily, Joe. Yeah, we're in a computer simulation. But then when you talk about interdimensional like magical shit.

Like Wait a minute. Exactly. Magic is a technology that hasn't been discovered yet. Exactly. Videos are fucking magic for sure. If I can see you and we you and I could do this right now. And we could go like here we'll do it right now. This is what's the what we're gonna do. We're gonna go right now you want to talk some magic because this really is fucking magic. We're going to do

do

Instagram Live?

Live right now? We're doing not Instagram Live. We're doing like one of those little Instagram Stories. Instantaneous. infowars.com This is a whole new this is a whole new thing. Young Jamie I'm all right. Fuck. This has never played her live. Yeah. Oh, did you go a little longer than you let me go? Gotta be like I'm betting Bravo's on. What's that? We're gonna go

to Alex gotta piss again. Go pick. Yeah, no,

these lightweights. I'm just drinking coffee. I drank one of these kill Cliff coffees. drank one order of butter coffee

is gone. I'm drinking this Erawan conspiracy conspiracy. I'm drinking some juice. I had two glasses of whiskey. That's bullshit. And these bitches are peeing. They keep peeing. I'm gonna stand it

up a little girl.

Something I take credit to break stuff. That was his rant. Not sure we're gonna go back to that. She's definitely high as fuck, dude. The stuff about Buzz Aldrin is telling him some fucking exactly crazy shit. Yeah, I'm like, oh my god to

be fucked up. I told you we were gonna get Buzz Aldrin. Yeah, we gotta get him i

i knew that was the key the key to make this podcast super special was well he asked for the whiskey himself so he started the park yours that's his Oh, that's ours. No, that's a gentleman doesn't live listeners. This is just a record. Yeah, that's a record a big time record. Yeah 1000s record HOLY SHIT gentlemen. Jack is this is they sent us this right it's good. I mean, good and it all tastes terrible. Like you know you're sucking on the devil's asshole.

gusting I mean, that's kind of half the fun a whiskey is that it's disgusting.

Joe should live on Instagram. I love this. A lot of people thought that this was a conspiracy because Eddie went live on Instagram Live and you disappeared. So there was a lot of talk online ever existed.

Bill Hicks is a globalist are anti human. They think we're a bunch of dumb animals. But where are they aliens? They're carrying out a shot. They believe it's not aliens that does

it does that have to do with the Luciferian Freemasonry type shit. I'd love to bones skull and bone breakdown freak because I know in the Albert Pike wrote the Freemason Bible, he's talking about Luciferian shit. So if you're a Freemason,

and my hand says that he talks about,

okay.

Go for it. Go for it. Tell me about Albert Albert Pike. And I want to give me Joe here's the thing Joe, you brought in right? This was your point about willingness. It'll lead to your point because

you brought up this first one, please. You brought up the whole point about no more weed Alex. No more.

Taking quotes from Buzz Aldrin when

you You went too deep. Went to do more smoke you're talking to a difference. I'm not trying to dominate this.

Nice seriously, I want to be nice. Nice. You're a great guy. Look, I love you man. I'm happy to see you. But I'm telling you this is that the globalist admit a lot of this it's in a lot of their white papers all the reports going to actually give it to you I will they they say they believe they're going to become gods. The rest of us are profane and all that shit about interdimensional beings given them all the data when he says that,

you know, where

the theory of the species and we're all the Darwin stuff came from. He had an elucidation and believe he was given all this stuff from like demons. And I'm not saying that. You confusing Darwin Descartes. No, no, that's Darwin. Didn't Descartes have it? Isn't he the one that came up with the idea of science was science from a dream. So Darwin's idea came from Darwin was like, really into watch handling and stuff. And the guy acts like he doesn't Okay, whatever it was the guy that yeah, a lot of those guys. They get the technology. They believe from a frickin other dimension.

You know, people

know all about this as much as I do, or more Joe, and you sit there and act like you don't know, I forgot you're afraid to give your audience all the information. Yeah, but

Joe, no. Smart, but you know, bring it up. Then when you say I'm making it up this interdimensional? Well, I just want to know where it's coming. Definitely, just to the smartest guy ever. Showed it shut the door Darwin.

Well, no, I told me already pulling it up. You probably already know that. I know that Darwin's partner, the guy that he developed a theory of evolution where they were they both had like a similar theory and they came together with it. And he was like, really into it to the point where he was into channeling and all sorts of weird stuff. We knows this discredited him. I listened to a radio that's what they believe. I'm not saying it's real. CNN is gonna have me up here all clipped together. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying They discredited him and they just put all the emphasis on Darwin. That's what you only hear about

Darwin, where it all came from a Freemason? That's phase two. What about

let me give up the aliens. Come on. I know you know things you got to go back to Earth. I did we do. So you got to start there, which is fucking right. You don't want to do a show like this very. It's great. I love it. I'm not mad. Let me just tell you please do.

If you look at this, that's what I'm telling you. I don't believe it. Okay, I'm telling you studying what the establishment believes. None of them are atheists. They all believe they're getting interdimensional stuff. So if you go back to Galton, and Wedgwood, and Huxley, you recognize all these modern names. If you go back to Darwin, Darwin wrote this these letters Republic, you can read these online from national royal archives in England stuff. They all believed they were all part of a secret breeding program where the British thought they would have like this superhuman, if they bred these six families together, to like create all this is like mainlining British history, this is this is known.

And then Galton,

who's related to all these other guys, in the 1850s, he starts having these ideas, and he says there's a double helix, which is the snakes for science and medicine. And he said, we're going to discover the keys and the building blocks to live and he said, it's going to be called biometrics. And we'll track everybody by reading their genetics is what Hitler freaked out about and picked up. And something like eight of the 14 new sciences like half or more than half the sciences that came since the 1860s were all from Galton and all from Darwin so the media the Liberals give me this one thing you know Origin of the Species like I'm not saying it's wrong or right it's super heavy like galactic stuff. They give this to you. This is only one little boil down BS and we'd have you go to what these guys really wrote. They were like enter marrying and involving wicked seances and channeling and all this weird ass crap. And then they envision okay, there's a double helix DNA discovered it. Okay, biometrics, okay, we're all gonna Okay computers, okay, atomic weapons, give me the equations. And they were like all them like going to other scientists meetings and go, we believe there's a program where you take different matters together and isotopes, it will cause an explosion. And it's like they were like given either humans are super advanced already had this knowledge from somewhere else in our genetics and we're here before and we're able to then manifest this through genetic memories and archives or it was given off world but humans like have all this data compacted and compress ready like program What's that called? Like the Akashic records or something like that. So, all of it is is is is Akashic and epigenetics. Here's the epigenetics. They'll take chickens with eggs and do 10 generations and major universities that have never seen a hot and they put them in these like these 20 foot ceilings, and they'll have a triangle flyover and a square flyover and little baby chickens never care. Generation after generation go on for 15 years. They fly one Hawk over and they all squawk yelling, screaming and run into their nest. Now they never saw hawk and ever saw killer chickens generation after generation. It was compressed data knowledge of the Hawk that is passed on genetically Yeah, they say that's why children are always afraid of monsters. That goes tigers and bears I used to be cat My son just wants to be chased so much. He wants to practice getting away from a predator loves that the most. He wants to get away you can catch me and we'll just man we want to fight.

Predators you can't fight. If you can get the fuck away from that tiger at the zoo in China. I recommend you do that. Yeah. My son's

not even

one cloth.

I'll admit that I was like, oh shit. We shouldn't let him smoke weed. But then now you're thinking brought it back down. You bring him back. You came back. Strong. Keep it going. You're going to a good place right now. Keep it going. You're talking about now you're getting into Albert Pike. Ooh. Well, he's the founder of the cake a cake chop Confederate General head of the Illuminati worldwide at that time. So let's establish something that's like maybe people that are listening to this Michael, What in the fuck are these guys Ramadan? Well, I'm exposing

establish this throughout history from the beginning of organized human. There's no secret knowledge folks don't want to pass on. There's also been people conspiring to control whatever it's assigned what and people conspired to control whatever aspect of it whether its political, whether it's the military, like whatever it is, there's always been that it's always happened. There's been military coos, all throughout history. There's been wars all throughout and the United States has had a peaceful and broke

how so? I mean to the intelligence community leaked all the data to bring down the globalist heat. Eddie's asking, the intelligence community leaked all what data they leaked all the WikiLeaks he's over here saying, Are you saying that the Russians didn't do it? No. Really? How do you know this? Because the mainstream media says, I mean, Joe, give me a break. No, no, no, I just want to know how you

You know, if you've ever if you know me for like 1617 years, yes. You ever told me to say I have a source? And I'm making it up, be honest. No, no, no. I mean, I've got sources. So you can't tell us how, you know, let's just say I got data today from a head of state.

And what do you say? I can't tell you. Okay. Don't tell me. The point is, tell me.

Yeah, but the thing is, we screwed it up and released it early. So caused the problem. Explain the whole Russian diversion. We didn't mean it on purpose. That's always mad at us. Let's start with that. The Russian thing because there's intelligent people like my students like you here. You don't believe the Russians hack to you?

Why you saying believe that? Yeah. Why are you saying that the intelligence agency leaked all this. And not Russia.

Because I was told before it was all leaked by the former director of psychological operations, the CIA was gonna come out.

He told you that it was going to be leaked. Yeah. And before I was never, like, in bed with the CIA, I've interviewed people from the CIA, NSA, defense, intelligence, you name it over the years. I mean, it's all over the news. But it's entirely possible General Flynn, former head of defense, intelligence, tweets, all my articles. I'm not telling you. It's some secret. I mean, the enemy knows. The point is, is that I'm seen as an honest, good person, understand what's going on. I'm out for humanity. I don't want personal power. I want to help people. But isn't it entirely possible? I mean, how does the information like that get out?

Well, there's an open rebellion against the criminals have hijacked our government. And so we overthrew the globalists and Obama and we're taking him over in France, in Italy, in Spain, in Greece in the UK, the only place we're not successful so far is Canada. So you just took Australia about took Australia with the idea of marine society? What does that mean? See, most people sit there and brag about stuff. I'm telling you what's really going on? What is Australia?

I mean, globalist are losing countries every month right now to the liberty movement. What says that? These are people that want you and your family to be successful, and aren't out to hurt you and make you poor? Like the globalist. There's good people. And they used the intelligence agencies to defeat the globalist there's been a major counter offensive, and the globalist made one wrong move. It happened five years ago, it was it was the system wide leak four years ago, I've had CIA whistleblowers all up on the show colonels and special operations, you name it, who were authorized by high level senators come on my show, they ran a counter coup, there was a deal made with radical Islam to actually take over Europe, and then the United States. And by that make us can not convert but submit Islam, not criticize it, or they blow stuff up. They thought they bring in some, you know, new masculine arm that would make us submit, and it got so bad that even our own intelligence agencies that would have been corrupted said, Well, this is too far, we're not doing it.

And so America about four years ago, started coming back up for air, and now we're just overthrowing their whole system. There's a huge war going on. It's beautiful. We're kicking their ass on every front. Now, like I said, at the top. It's a it's the dawn of a new age. You were against George W. Bush, Clinton, Obama, all that you are not a Republican or a Democrat. You weren't for you were against government. But now it's a new day. Now the conspiracy theorists like yourself, you're the king of them. We're pro government and the sheep. They're like out there protesting crime. Explain that. Well, I mean, look, it's not that Trump's perfect, he really genuinely is like, going into all these corporate incentives and one sided deals, there's no meetings now there's a lobbyist, he banned them all for a lifetime. He literally goes hand with actuaries, and computer programs and goes with super NSA technology that even had before he was in. And he says, because the generals came to him years ago, they said we could deliver all this to everybody. We don't want to make America poor. We don't want to have big wars. We want to just have prosperity, sir. We've got next to free energy, all these technologies, cures for cancer, we're ready to release it. That's why he talks about the State of the Union, or his his first inaugural speech and does a little bit the second and he just really cares about humanity. And he's not a Satanist. He doesn't like raping kids. He like super hot Eastern European women. And just you know, who wants that? I mean, it was a little Kevin, you know that. He just he somebody's not out to get humanity. And he's got the intelligence agencies totally back into the hill. And it's just a super epic moment to be like, what's going on so far with Trump?

Hold on one second. So

what do you think when you you said earlier in the podcast that you don't think he's perfect, right? What do you think he could do different that would make people accept him? Well, I said last week, you should just about torture the next day, just magically is? Because

you came up with the idea. And

what did you say about torture is the Zeitgeist and I'm in the zeitgeist. So in that zeitgeist, you just kind of see everything right? Even though you're like just a normal person. You can like look into any evidence any way your your take on

is that it's good to have him in despite whatever flaws people may perceive, yes, goodwill, he was prosperity and he's not a part of the system that he replaced. That's why they're totally against. And he likes full grown women. Okay. I believe that you don't have to say that anymore. No, but I'm just I'm just telling you, I believe most people out there serious. Like they're lucky to get out of your backyard and torture him for a couple of weeks. Yeah. So they kidnap, they torture, they raise kids out that would come in the emails. And emails are like, well, these are kind of exhausted. We're about to have to retire them for you to get in there. Some of these are damaged.

look him up. He didn't believe me. I know. I believed you. Look, I don't know what

a big old guy comes in. It just breaks their jaw. So do you think Trump's going after him? What's going on? Oh, yeah, what he's done if he's successful, it's an entire route like a lot of people aren't just getting indicted right now. They're getting

they're getting take care of right now. Right. What about the Vatican? Are they gonna are they what is how is that word?

Jebel stop Trump. He's the devil stopping anything we've got stopping. That's the Vatican said. Yeah. The Vatican pedophile central issue shitting their pants over Trump. The Vatican is so bizarre. Yeah. Can you imagine Trump going after the Vatican? It's a country. What's crazy about it? Is he? Why? Because this is what

Alex I always thought how weird is it? That everybody in South Park is making a goddamn episode about them being pedophiles, and yet nobody's investigating what's going on here. So to me, you then you watch conspiracy of silence that documentary that never got released about the whole network, then you begin to realize, oh, shit, the reason? My opinion is the reason no one's getting arrested at the Vatican at a high rate anyways, is because everybody at the top is involved. Let me give you the good news. I'm not here to kiss the ass the establishment. A lot of patriots in the government who have always criticized ended up being the people that heard me bitching and you bitching do something? They done something and they're really trying to reverse this whole thing right now. And there is a full out war inside the government of guys that like to eat steaks, drink beer and have women versus a bunch of pot bellied pedophiles. Whoa.

Jesus Christ. What's really fucked up? Is that the people that before the Sandusky thing came out. The people rounded probably heard rumors, that was probably someone to talk to someone that says something but nobody really wanted to believe it. Well, it did happen. Well, and conspiracy of silence is a documentary you can watch that never got released. Yeah, they're talking about the base, the headquarters of the pedophile network that it's an international network is in Omaha, Nebraska at Boystown. Yeah, they they like taken orphans, orphans, there's different levels. There's guys, they don't want any trouble. They just want one.

And then there's psychos that want to go kidnap. There's like the hardcore people. And you know what? They're at top officials and in every aspect of government and celebrity. It's not everybody, but it's enough said there's enough people involved, that nobody's investigating anybody, because they're all involved. They all got to keep their mouth shut so crazy that something gets to the level that the Catholic church got to do with it. Ya know?

You want to hear

about a conversation. Myself and Donald Trump. Yes. Sure. You allowed to do this. Wait a minute before you do it.

Who cares me in trouble, he's drunk and high

on marijuana. That was that was a drink of this. This is frickin all this. Let's go. Now Trump basically said we're going to clean it up, Alex, we know all about it, Alex, we're gonna stop them. And we're gonna do it. They also said Obama's from Kenya. Well, that was when that's a huge intelligence op. You want to write that down? You wanna know about Reagan? It was it was talking about birth certificate. Okay. Now I can tell you the full scoop on that. Right? What do you think happened there? I know exactly what they told him that Obama was from Kenya. They fucked with them. Even here right now. Yes. Okay, I was gonna tell it Trump's story, but we'll see. I'll do that. Good. We'll go back

to Trump story. Thank you, Eddie. Store.

Jamie, you better add extra juice to that. times here. One more.

Apple juice. What? Apple juice? Maybe not. Alex, come on. Okay, secret. One more has Christ if you give me if you put him in there.

I'm gonna fuck how many years?

Dimension? How many years? Seven years. So we'll be able to you just about to say

what was the what was the issue? Jesus Christ. Do you remember what the question was? Jamie? What Donald Trump told you now that was an N Yeah. No, you're about to say what Donald Trump told you. Was it about he wanted to know about something else? What the fuck was it about but let's leave fuck But hold on a second. Fucking with my memory. What was it you were just you were just getting up. I'm not the only one. I should have a good memory. Remember, we're too high. Let's go to the Trump's I

During the week, Trump Jamie's gonna figure it out. Jamie's gonna figure it out. What does it tell me just to say, Yeah, someone's gonna tell him on Twitter and we'll figure this out Jesus Christ. And then I'll write this the problem with being too high and talking over each other who's about to tell.

Trump calls eight times a week on average, nothing for a long time. 10 hours show. No, no, this should be your longest podcast. We will definitely peter out before then. No, no, no, look, go forever. What is no one knows what the fuck we were just talking about. A minute gap.

Shot really great. We all forget your question because we're blasted you better. You better call your dispensary and get some answers. So you were talking about the Vatican? We were talking about pedophiles in the Catholic Church certificate. Oh, that's right.

The false twin Yeah, so tell me what this is a place where I'm not ashamed of this because I got conned. When I when I've been conned, which happens, you know, every every once in a while. You know, I admit it later, we learned from it. Okay, what happened to us all?

I only told you a funny. Kenya, Kenya. What? Okay, Kenya.

Okay, everything. I'm gonna say your listeners can write this down. They can search engine everything I'm gonna say and learn to see this for themselves. Because, okay, the journey with Infowars is it's not that I'm that smart. I'm just like you. I'm having this journey. And I'm gonna show you so this is what happened. Okay. Obama's

running for office and Hillary's people because I follow the news every day Hillary's campaign. This letter came out, puts out these morning Kenyan I'm like, I screw her. I was quietly and I'm really ashamed of this. But I told listeners this. I'll just say it. I was. I was early on Obama supporter in that I wanted to try to unify people I didn't like John McCain said, yeah, he's bad. The Democrats are bad, but I hated what had happened. So we were fooled by Obama too. Well, I was hoping let's get let him talk. I mean, I was an Obama supporter. I just didn't attack him. You liked it better than the alternative? Yeah, I didn't. I didn't push him for office. I was just like, hoping that all his BS was real. Okay. So I started hearing these leaks, and it was from Hillary, and you can Google the city, Hillary first pro generated the whole the whole deal. So I'm sitting there hearing that,

that he's born in Kenya sounds like I don't care. That's a bunch of BS. And then the article start coming out as the right wing picks it out who does the research? And it's his wife, and like 2006 and seven in speeches going my husband born in Kenya, knows about the immigrants experience. It's video, you can pull up Michelle Obama. Oh, yeah. Pull it up. And then, and then Harvard Law Review, which he headed up for at least three years. He was the editor. And he says I was born in Kenya a little bit. He blurred by his picture. Oh, yeah. Says he's more. He wasn't born in Kenya. Wait for this. Oh, so that was some just like, Pizzagate Oh, it's, I finally learned how that no double cross. It's not not in pedophilia. I mean, hold on, let's hear, say,

Let's ID testing, which is still plaguing so many of our communities, which you all know, a lot of that is due to homophobia. Barak has led by example, when we took our trip to Africa and visited his home country in kenya. We took a public HIV test, for the very point of showing folks in Kenya. That doesn't mean that he was like it was another club. He just found that fast. But there's another word she said there's the Harvard Law Review, which he edited where he says I was born in Kenya. Okay, well, that right there what she's saying is his homeland, like if you're from Ireland, like,

want to go back to Italy or Ireland or yeah,

they call it the homeland. But let's let's just going on what we're recovering. Can you trump the birth certificate? So yeah, Trump got involved in all that. So an old Bursar will go ahead. No, no. So how did he What did someone like leaked that information him to try to make him look foolish because he chased after it? Yes. So we're just researching. It's not about running away foolish. So do you think they just maybe made it incorrect? We found out all about it. This is stunning information. So

people want to say he's illegitimate. They then look at him in the Harvard Law Review saying he's born in Kenya they look at clubs. They look at the fact he won't release his birth certificate. He had a name name.

Barry Cateura and Indonesia. He had all these word cut out names. He had like five aliases. Wow. Why did he wrote that? He wrote dream look it up because he wrote, he wrote dreams of my real father, right? Or dreams. My father's reasonable father's the documentary. And in and he talks about Frank Marshall Davis, the communist famous pornographer that he spent summers with he looked side by sides, the same guy, so they were worried that was gonna be Frank Marshall Davis, but it actually been his mom in like a scam making money off. She was CIA, bringing back people to us and sham marriages to have them emigrate.

It was basically a cover up for the fact that Israel

Father was Frank Marshall Davis the communist. And so

that's who Obama's real dad was. And dreams. My real father breaks it all down. It's online. It's pretty powerful info. So what does that mean?

It just is a perfect example of you're not born in Kenya and you're really born in Hawaii, on the main city based Island. I live in Honolulu to Frank Marshall Davis. Right. And your grandfather's CIA, your mother's CIA, that's all been declassified. Here this cut out because mom was the CIA. Oh, yeah. What was she? What did she do for the CIA? She was a sex operative.

Yeah. And she posed for news photos in a kind of Bettie Page style was sex operatives, in photos at Frank Marshall Davis, his house.

And you know this because you've seen these, I've interviewed the people involved. I've read dreams of my father, where he admits I stayed at Frank Marshall Davis, his house, he was like my dad, my grandfather had a special unspoken relationship with Him. Quotes. Look up, Obama, Frank Marshall, Davis, or Obama, about what do you think about the conspiracy theory that Obama was like, bred by the CIA the whole way through all the way through? So I'm third? Oh, really, when you say CI, that just means like,

a marketing project to whoever was in power at the time, for eight years, whoever's in charge of that, whoever shows interest can go in and then just basically be involved in controlling the levers of the social engineering of the society.

So what does that have to do with Obama growing up did were those rumors that he was in, in a CIA agent in Pakistan? While he was supposed to be in Colombia? Oh, he probably exactly. He probably spent six months yeah, there's a suppose that father Barak, versus Barak the second verse is Frank Marshall Davis. Hmm. I think he looks more like the other Baroque. Okay. Well, look up. Look up Frank Marshall Davis is pornography. And his, and I will do no such than Obama's mother clearly in the photos.

His book dreams of my father, admitting that he stayed with Frank Marshall Davis. Okay. But But listen, that's not the issue. So we what I asked you, though, to get back to where we started from, was Why did Trump chase after that hole? He was born in Kenya shit for so long, because he knew was super hot with the public. And he wanted to know the answer to that as well. And didn't like the things Obama was doing.

It was a weird thing, right? Because if you were a guy who was a white guy, and we wanted to prove you're born in Austria,

but you had some birth certificate that said you were born the United States, you spoke perfect English, but you had a square jaw and you looked like you're from the Frozen North. Like this motherfucker is freeze from Austria. Dude. I'm telling you, he's from fucking Austria. And then someone like made a big deal out of it and gave you like a fake birth certificate and people wouldn't do you'd never hear racism, then interesting. Like you would hear that. Yeah, this guy might really have been born in other countries and something that wouldn't be president's daughter. Yeah, it's a race it'd be instantaneously it gets connected to racism. There's an assumed racism with almost any

color. Barack Obama any accusation. I love Jimi Hendrix, whose music and hear what color he is long. The Watchtower is the best ever. It's pretty goddamn good. So all of that. So all I'm telling you is you research Frank Marshall Davis and Obama. I believe it is it's cracking doubly conclusive. It is my mom and dad. Are we talking about like five years ago? That's crazy. Let us see the film about it. They saw it they were blown away. But let's let me give you the big picture. Please. The Elite admit that they are studying humanity like they're a breakaway civilization. They believe they're taking the best out of humanity and building a breakaway civilization of technocracy so they can transcend us and I want the public to know the decision has been made to dumb you down balkanize you turn you against yourselves, have regional wars, play people off against each other, and then basically release bio weapons that wipe out most of the population. Okay, well, the transcendent, you know, can I pause this right here? Who are the elite? Like when you say the elite? Who are these people? And how do they get together? Hold on a second. How do they all agree? Who votes to it? How do they decide

to hype a super billionaire characters like Ron and shit? So how do they get together and all agree on the same thing, they decide on agendas that will empower their individual agendas and they're pretty much let into those power structures early on Side of the Moon because they are okay the Berg group is as the Bilderberg Group of Rome Bilderberg Group, the Club of Rome de voce Club of Rome is a population reduction group. I mean, if you go to infowars.com Right now, there's an article and a video I cut about Oprah Winfrey, I'm not saying is a bad person, or she's part of a secret eugenics group. Hold on a second stop right there. You said I'm not saying she's a bad person, but she's part of a secret eugenics group.

really good. I like killing weak people. I'm just trying to thin the herd. I'm a really good person though. Yeah, that's hilarious. Like, absolutely. So you can go there. It's the truth about Oprah Winfrey. Okay. And it just deals with its new Soi. Oprah Winfrey and secret face. He looks so Sarah, toilet. Do you think she's in secret meetings with like the Bilderberg Group? She admits that okay, to her, they admit on the news to reduce population, right? Because we linked it first. But when

I know when someone experienced DACA, Hold, please, when someone like her says something about reducing the amount of illegitimate babies born or the amount of babies that are born because there's no birth control. A lot of times those kind of statements get construed into population control. She's in the media and people start saying she's in the population control. And that means she wants show secret meetings. And she's pushing it and she's taxing. I'm not in no secret meetings. Are you in no secret meetings? You go to the lengths that we like to have you ever been in one of those secret meetings? Do you hear what they said? Yes. Did you stay say they want to kill half the people know what they say that was really shocking to me rather wasn't I remember that, too. That was that was the real shit. You know, pick fucking Jim Brown types of dude. I mean, that is like, if you want to go back to like conspiracy theory fuel, like people that get excited about something, when you find out that there really are a bunch of global elites to get on this ranch. And they got a fucking giant stone owl. And they burn a bundle of wood in effigy. And they all wear fucking masks and shed, and then you actually have video footage of it. And this weird sort of a ceremony they're doing whether it's satanic or not that

crazy or pretending it is. Whatever, whatever it is. It's crazier and

and they hide exactly what it is. Yeah. Go into that. How did you sneak into the Bohemian Grove? That was amazing. Well, people always said it was a Saturday Levy and it wasn't quite like that. We had an insider wanted to get me in to actually see it. And most people aren't bad that go to it. But the point is, it's kind of a gateway into all of this. It's amazing. So this is you Abrahim Ian Grove and you're in you're on the other side of like, it looks like a little pond or something. Feel free to play it goes beyond don't care. May fire make merriment with your dust. Me go no care. It was so strange. It was so bizarre listening to that guy and the speaker blaring out across Play it put lit let's let's play something that was Walter Cronkite.

Are we oh, here

holy pillars

sounds like a play for high school. It is it's all play.

But religion started that way as it like entertainment. So what do you think this is just some really ancient ritual that they're redoing? Yeah, I thought it was no big deal till I was in the crowd of old men they were just lavishing. They were like they loved basically ejaculating in their pants that touched me Sure.

Are you projecting? No no they were like it ecstasy.

What is it about people that love those secret societies? Like you remember that JFK speech about secret societies? We will not tolerate him? Yeah, it's a fucking beautiful speech. Well, that because I'll pull it up Jamie pull up JFK speech.

power over others and don't crave secret essence. Right? They're looking for that secret place the Most High? Yeah, no, absolutely. That's but that's just like you were talking about pedophiles? Just like it you know any other deviant Fuck

yeah, I just want to go eat a big pile of steaks and drink some beer.

Let's crank this up. Ladies and gentlemen.

The very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society. And we are as a people, inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, the secret oaths and secret proceedings. I'm by myself but James case plan ago put this on him. Have you ever heard the dangers of excessive and I'm talking about secret societies of pertinent facts, far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it.

And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment. That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control. And no official of my administration, whether his rank is high or low, civilian or military. They're like should interpret my words here tonight. As an excuse to censor the news, right? to stifle dissent. They knew what to cover

Upon mistakes,

or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know.

Well, we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion, instead of elections, on intimidation, instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night, instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic science talking about common political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissent is a silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned, no rumor is printed. No secret is revealed.

No president should fear public scrutiny of his program. For from that scrutiny comes understanding and from that understanding, comm support or opposition, and both are necessary. I am not asking your newspapers to support at administration.

But I am asking your help is pushing the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people for I have complete confidence.

Kilda that's a that's such a crazy speech because it's him talking about the structures that were already in place, and about the dangers of withholding information for people and him being forthright as a president in a way that we've never heard before since. Like, he's literally talking until Trump Trump Trump's opinion like that. Now, what Trump tell you? Well, let's just be clear. He's talking about our own military industrial complex that Eisenhower just warned about his outgoing predecessor. He's talking about the Soviets there at the same time, he was a really smart cookie. The Eisenhower warning is one of the creepiest things in human history about the military and JFK that sounded like he was talking about communists. Yeah, pull up. Eisenhower warns of the military industrial complex. He did it but just do there's a clip that just has that so segment of it. We only so for Yeah, there was a lot. He says there is a scientific technocratic elite that is out of control of all information about to shut it down to the public. And then they will control the military. So beware of the military and he was in the military was bad, right? He said these 10 Military Industrial Genesis, we're about to get control over the scientific people I'll tell you about. See if you can find where it goes it Jamie This is the address right here is my fellow Americans. We now stand 10 years past the midpoint of a century. That is witness for major wars among great nation.

Joe's right typing Eisenhower military, industrial complex face. Yeah, he's gonna say it in here somewhere. But it's a three minute speech. As

Alex, it seems like Trump, you know, everybody, a lot of smart people in different points in their life, they begin to realize how much how many lies, they've been told, they begin to wake up, they're not totally woke up, but they begin to wake up. And then they find out about 911. But they don't believe all this other shit. And then they find out about this, but they don't believe in all that other than they find out about that. And then at the very high levels, like the dudes that are like, yeah, all this shit is true. If you could follow the money. It's probably true. You might be wrong one or two or three times, but generally, we're dealing with a totally crooked situation. That's what are they doing? They're not stealing money from corporations, you steal money from a corporation, they're gonna come after you and kill you. With what they're doing is it's the mastery of stealing tax money. That's what this is all about is stealing tax. Nobody, because nobody's gonna go after

you steal tax money, you get all these programs and these bills pass. Let's play this. Good, Jim. These military contracts the taxpayers are paying for all this livelihood are all involved. So here's the very structure of our society

and the council's of government, we must we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex.

The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.

We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. Jesus Christ, let that out like it was so tech as you think about this, back in the early days of radio in the early days of

Moving Pictures only

only the elite had access to this technology moving pictures radio, right from the get go right from day one.

Right from day one. It wasn't like your average guy was trying to help humanity. The guys who had this technology were like, damn, they believe whatever the fuck we say back in the day you listen to the radio, those news reports or when the movie pictures were read from madness. Yes, that's what I'm talking about right from the get go TV, movies, radio and all of it was propaganda. Let me tell you what happened never left out Jones's aliens involved in this story, talking about propaganda and lies in our head LLM. Sir come to Him, who was the chairman of the Joint Chiefs? LL limine. Sir, that is now just Google operation. Northwoods? Oh, I know about that. Sure. So they came to him and they said, We're gonna launch terror attacks in America and start a war with the Soviets. He's like, Well, I know they're evil, but we're not going to do that. So he fired up. The JFK cubs and the same guys had to make him do it. He refused and so they kill him. While they wanted to have drone jetliners and blow them up and blame it on the Cubans. That alone they wanted to arm Cuban friendlies and attack Guantanamo Bay, they had a bunch of really crazy shit planned when you realize what Operation Northwoods was. And you realize that this was signed by the Joint Chiefs of Staff it scares the shit out of you. Because it makes you

this real

world talking here. We will talk in here there's It Doesn't that scare the shit out of you doesn't? Yeah, blow your mind that this still today? It's 2007 Doesn't it? Blow Your Mind that people still think that 911 happened the way it was we'll get to that. Ratio Northridge is 100% provable that crazy back to the declassified 2000 when people realize that that was a real documents US government plan to start war the Russia and kill people they blow up movie theaters attack US military bases kill Americans on Capitol Hill American military people hijack jets crash them have CIA get on board. So fake plane lands are the real plane lands a fake plane attacks. It was it was 911 It's just bananas that someone would actually sit down and write was leaked by patriots six months before 911 trying to stop it really. And that's not saying Islamic terrorism real. It's not saying blushing and did it some super dark State Group, which Congress now has a 28 pages vindicating 911 truthers, that Saudi Arabia with people that they had gotten to convert to Islam and paid off of their trillions and they got trillions, had joined them in some larger plan to blame.

Iraq and other countries that were non radicals of Saudi Arabia can take them over who who put together 911, Saudi Arabia, the Muslims, anybody? So they want to invade these other countries out what happened in the US. I mean, the US wasn't involved, of course,

who was involved who were the key players, the 911 It's totally compartmentalized. So you run a drill

of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon being attacked on that day. So the the planes are told flying around Oh, this is just a drill. That was a drill that was supposed to be run that day, and all came out a drill that was about it wasn't it wasn't true false false flags, it seems like okay, we're gonna do a false flag. We need to set up a drill. They need a drill going on. But let's be clear, it's 99.9% of the government wasn't involved because of computers. It was a test. They get to stuff 100 times worse now. No one will know because it's all remote activated the Jets. By then we're all remote control. Every jet for 25 years, the big new ones has come. Murrow control. It's all it's all. It's crazy, man. There's jets now or unmanned. Absolutely. Well, no, there man. It's just thinking to go on autopilot. Yeah, stupid.

If you think about it, it's remote control dumb, it's memorable, said about the drone jetliners. And they were going to blow up that jetliner and blame it on the Cubans. That wasn't going to be a jetliner filled with people. It's going to be a drone. They had the capability in 1962 of doing it, which is how did how did how did Robert F Kennedy or JFK his older brother?

Who was Joe Kennedy Jr. Die. He was flying a fighter plane remote controlling to be 17 flooded with explosives. As drones crashed into Germany. They had drums in World War Two. Jesus Christ. They had drones and World War Two. What were they powered by? Cave? How did Joe Kennedy How did Joe Kennedy Jr. Die? He does a great mission over Germany. It does seem like Kennedy the father? No. Joe Kennedy, Jr. Oh, the crazy thing about the Kennedys is is you know if you're a lot of times you see criminals come from, like a good family. And then you see Robert Kennedy and John F. Kennedy. They come from gangs. His dad was a gangster straight up mafia. And then he has two kids. They thought they had him under control because he's from a mafia family zone.

Hey, here's the

here's the guy's name Joe Kennedy. Isn't that weird? Because it's like you're the opposite of your parents like you want to go against your parents. So Robert Kennedy and John F. Kennedy, they went against that shit, that

that's the only reason they were in there because of the support that Bob stole Illinois for him and the mom supported John F. Kennedy. He was hanging out with Frank Sinatra. Then all of a sudden he flipped. And you know what? He stopped hanging out Frank Sinatra. He started changing his ways something flipped did they?

Did he have a kid that died or something like that? Is that that made something made them flip. I thought I read something that could be total bullshit. But it could be that he had a son that died that made them flip

looked at. Let's go to Joe Kennedy Jr. here. He was killed. Guys. That can make you think totally differently. You're sure when your kid dies, you're like, Fuck this. I'm going with my soul. Right? Yeah, you're like, Fuck this. What could be worse? What? My son already died? What's

coming after you? Yeah, like a fucking Apache savage with nothing to lose. Joe so Joe Kennedy, Jr. was killed in action while serving as a land base patrol bomber pilot in World War Two, and was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross Alex Jones thrown down. Alex just doesn't doubt. Ah, dude, you're fucking, you're on fire. This is almost three hours. There's people out there.

They're just laying it down. You're laying it. They're like Game of Thrones. Yes, you are. All I know is there's people in the government that want to empower people. And they're trying to do a good job. And I'm not anti government. I want to have a good constitutional government. And the truth is, I couldn't believe when NYPD contacted me of the Secret Service. The Secret Service came to me when I was at the RNC. So I'd like the number one pass. If nobody had read passes, I go behind the scenes. Nobody stopped me. But back in the back deal. The Secret Service like in their suits, go. Hey, Alex, come here. Will tell you some about Hillary give us a contact number.

The next month, we're gonna contact you about a month later. I get a contact they go, can you come down because nothing's digital. He comes down to me at this place. So I go down and meet or meet one of my other people as well. Because where they weren't was like they were hitting both sides of operation. And they said to me, Hillary has seizures like every 30 minutes. She's got an ambulance, it's black. She falls down all the time. Just bet your people at her events. You'll see her falling down. She's covering it up. Well, sure enough a month I announced that on air a month later, she falls down in front of cameras. We had footage a week before in Cleveland again, same place. He was back to his Oh, it was a key battleground. And she she was like for an hour in this emergency tent with it with ambulances and stretchers. So I'm telling you, I mean, I've got real sources that really care about what's happening in this country. And everything. They told me he was dead on. You know what's scary about my government leaks. Let's go go back.

The Hillary thing was very bizarre because nobody was supposed to mention it. Like you weren't supposed to mention that she was fallen down. She said weird, like

pneumonia. They said, Oh, she had pneumonia. Let me tell you something. I've had pneumonia. You know what I haven't done. I haven't ever walked and just fallen down while I'm walking is that really phrase the background and comment on it? Because this is key.

It's known that in 2012, she fell in her head and she got a severe concussion. That was surgery from my sources. But yes, she's in the hospital for a year. Then she was yeah, she was fucked up for six whole months, according to Clinton, according to Bill, so she looks like we don't know where she is. And then meanwhile, I'm told Hey, she's falling down all the time. She looks like hell on TV. And then Secret Service says, look, you've got the people get up off your ass and follow her. So we follow her and like five cities. We didn't catch it. We were in New York. They sneak her out. She falls down having epilepsy every 1520 minutes. 30 minutes. The point is, is my Intel was good. They gave us good info. So what are the elite thinking? They're gonna put somebody in with epilepsy. That's all I'm saying. But do you think that it was just that their idea was she can hold it together just anything rather than trust as soon as they just wanted to get her through, get all those girls like, Oh, my God, everything's great. And then they pass all these motherfucking bills. And it was it seemed to me that when all this was happening, that people so desperately wanted to not look at it because the alternative was Trump. It wasn't that they were taking an objective look at and go, Wow, maybe she shouldn't be blacking out and then you consider that massive head injury that she had in 2012, which is real. It's a fact you don't like it when you bring that up, though. Because they think if you bring that up, you're gonna change people's opinion, and you're going to help Trump win. Well.

Can I just spend two minutes talking to your audience, which which cameras about Trump that one, just to mention, I don't claim to have all the answers. And I'm not here to boost your trump because I'm tied to his wagon. If I attack Trump, I'd make more

Money. This isn't about money, it's about the truth.

Trump really is trying to cut taxes and make people successful and wealthy. He really does care about the average person, the elite have set up a plan to enslave people to make folks poor. And all I'm asking you to do is get past thinking that you're part of the establishment or you're smart, because you're anti Trump. I'm asking you to actually look at what's really been going on. And understand that Democrats, Republicans come and go, some are good, some are bad. The whole power structure has been against Trump for a very serious reason. Trump is coming after them, and really is attempting to bring down this whole global system. And that's what all hell's breaking loose. So I just want your viewers and listeners to know, I'm not some political hack. Like you said earlier. I used to be against Bush. I wish Obama would have been real. The point is they got to Obama with Trump. He doesn't give a damn. They admit they're offering money, everything he doesn't listen. So you think what Trump could or excuse me what Obama could have been is who he was when he was running for office that he was this radical element of change, hope and change. He wanted to close down Guantanamo Bay. He's wanted to do all these things. But once

all that Che Guevara posters in the back during his administration the DEA decided to not take marijuana off the schedule one everybody knows it's not scheduled he was the cover for schedule one means no medical use means that's what it means to be scheduled one that's crazy that marijuana schedule one when it's the most useful, out of all the different various illegal drugs smart. You know, you smoked marijuana quite a bit. You're still smart guys. Definitely not bad for just smelling it. I can't even think here. I know you can use it. Let's get serious. Let's go. I'm telling you. What's Trump about? What are those conversations about? Let the people know.

I mean, Trump really wants to make poor people rich. He really wants to defeat collectivism, collectivism, he hates all the bashing the family and what's collected as all the New World Order, collectivism is this thing, like, You're not an individual, you're like part of a group. And Trump can't stand that he can't stand sees a businessman business deals where China has like 35% currency tariffs on us, there's no way you can even compete, and they're shutting off our power plants with regulations, but not theirs. Why do we do that then? What is the reason why because our elites under and quite frankly, under under, under Kissinger, and and of course,

you know, the president who was in that administration, Nixon, they made a one sided deal for a leech to go make deals with China on their billion plus slaves. I don't say that kind of sitting away. They're like slaves to leverage out the West, the whole world's industry. And Trump doesn't like those one sided deals. And he's saying, listen, we're not going to impoverish America. We're going to empower America. And we're going to actually use American power to promote freedom worldwide. So let me get this straight for guys like me that when all Trump's does, promises, like so what you're saying is, in layman's terms,

the elite, the people in power, the people that have the greenlight power to sign these treaties, they were maybe offered a couple mil here, a couple mil there and sign this to sell the country out so that they can make 10 mil here, five mil there, anything like that. The US got colonized by corporate takeover artists. And Trump at the end said fu so we're going to take their whole global system they built for nothing take it away from him and have the true New American millennium, not the new century. You listen to his we got the title. If you want to play his 18 minute share to the union we can start are not

going to play that global Fidel, his his his his global inauguration speech, he lays the whole beautiful bitch out. And so if anybody ever wanted to actually have somebody trying to make them great and wealthy and powerful, it's Donald J. Trump. That's why the whole elite the whole power structure, Hollywood, all the pedophiles every damn demon every pot belly want to fucker, you know, they are all against Trump because he is pro human. And he wants to dominate all these people. It is an act of an alpha male. He wants to if it's of the ego every now and then every now and then. Yeah. Well, he's actually helped to run for office. And he talks to you and he calls you right? I mean

He uses people you know people think out people that don't know how Jones they believe the mainstream media when they try to crucify him and say he's a fucking quack and he's well Alex what you need honestly, is someone to temper you. You need me right next to you all the time to balance

powerful this is you being right there that you're like the fucking calm down.

You got a bio suit on and you got a fucking ray gun. You're like okay, we need this alien tech for to benefit humanity. But I got to put this goddamn bio suit on

because he's going crazy just got to just kind of steer him occasionally you just you get you get on rants and you'll you'll connect four or five different non related subjects but that's that's a beautiful guy that does

guy that does that go rent after rent after rep after rent with no teleprompters only guy that could do is

I'm actually very pleased that that Joe has finished all my sentences and knows more than I do and it sits over there acting on he doesn't know all this I don't know more so you can be more than you know just as much as every document every secret program. We knew all about it. You know it wasn't bullshitting. Listen the whole time you've been fucking you are building listen, I'm, I'm microscopy

he's a great comic, micro

scopic bacterial penis atomic split the goddamn critical mass compared to Joe Rogan. I'm nothing. I'm nothing. And I've talked so much shit about conspiracy theories that I feel like I need to shut the fuck up. Because I don't I don't want any fraud. I don't really travel.

Questions of the universe? It's questioning on your own the ministry and not just receiving the priests class stuff. Yes, but I'm not trying to. I walked away from my podcast. No, but I thought nobody was listening. But now people want me to go back. I thought nobody but listen, I don't want to be a conspiracy guy like you. I don't want to be that but I listened to you. And you are my canary in the goddamn coma. As long as you're alive. I feel like I'm okay to say shit. But I'll tell you this every time I come to do the fight companion Joe Rogan experience I swear to God I tell myself this this fight companion no motherfucking conspiracies there's let's just live life I call joke and I call him after Viking thing and they go I can't believe I did it again. Joe. I can't really but suddenly

you want to discuss

something in me wants to help people for some reason. And a lot of times my enemies like fuck them. Make a fucking you know what I mean? Fuck them. And I'm like, damn, I just walk away. Because I am compelled. But I'm not trying to make money off conspiracy theories. I have a conspiracy theory podcast right now and it would be okay. But I'm not even trying to do that. I don't want to do that. I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to be you. But something inside me when the fucking mics there in someone's question when like, I got a son. And I want to make sure that I fucking do everything I can for him. Because I don't want to I don't want to leave him with some shit that I couldn't change. So inside of me, I'm like on the fence all the time. But you have to be careful. Careful when you're overzealous. Yeah, because if you're overzealous and you actually turn people the wrong way, then they look at any conspiracies as being preposterous. Even the ones that are real, like Sandusky liked the Catholic Church, like so many other ones before there's a ton of them like Hastert who is the speaker of the fucking house. pedophile. There's been a lot of Frank. So it's really critical. But But But hold on a second hold on a second, Eddie. It's really critical whenever you discussing any of these things that you get all the fucking ducks in order before you pick aside. It's super important. Because anytime you make some crazy claim, and it's connected to a conspiracy theory, and it proves to be wrong, it fucks with all the ones that are

virtually them. All right.

People saying I'm Bill Hicks. People

are saying that it's like their eye hurts me they're that dumb that they don't know my own joke. It's a joke meme man. It's on Reddit shit. No, I get it. I get it. It's a 4chan. They're having fun. Melissa, you know, some of them are serious. No, yeah. But no, they're not some of Alex, let me ask you something really quick is very important. Let me ask you super important. Like I was I was trying to say this earlier, but we had to go back and finish up now. But this is very important. I I teach jiu jitsu I got students all over the world. I got schools all over the world. I have all my students a wet start to wake up. You know, that's like a metaphor, a conspiracy. They're, like at different times. Some are just interviewed for jujitsu, but they believe the CNN side 100% It takes them three years and they're like, oh, shit, they start smoking weed and Damn, they're all all over the conspiracy. Everybody awakens at a different point. No matter how smart they are. You didn't even get your master's, your PhD. You could be Oh, I'm a scientist or whatever. But you're working for the government. And you ain't thinking about you. But listen, listen. Do you think Donald Do you think Donald Trump is in the middle of an awakening?

Awakening from 100% real? He's like, is he in the middle of an awakening? Yes. Because he could easily been a billionaire to me two years ago who who bought all the mainstream shit, but he was a billionaire. He didn't give a fuck about the mainstream shit. He's cutting D

heels blowing up. But now at a certain point, no matter where you are, no matter how smart you are, you awaken a little little by little from. Donald Trump knows which way the winds going. And as Julius Caesar in in, in the famous play by William Shakespeare of Julius Caesar, there's a tide in the affairs of Mammon taking the flat leads on to Fortune. Or as Mark Twain said, In the beginning of patriots, a scarce man hated and feared scorn for the time of his cause exceeds, it costs nothing to join a patriot. So, here's what's happening right now. There's a major shift happening and Trump really wants to empower the people. Globalism is anti human. And so, all I'm trying to get at is, is that some really big things are happening in this world and people watching shouldn't be conservative or liberal. Can you stop to stop you from what do you when you say globalism? What do you mean by that? Please define that globalism is like Neo colonialism but it's corporate colonialism over humans, individuals government states, old world new world, it's worldwide colonialists did Rothschild Rockefeller nationally its monopoly capitalism to dominate populations and create centralized systems of monopolies and control as to innovation. It wants to end upward mobility. Why do we want globalism is corporate world government? Why did they want to stop innovation?

Because they see it was perfect. They see it is what they call disruptive technology and humanity so powerful you've already got a monopoly so is this a reason consideration after the internet has been no global is bigger than that but yes, okay. You're part of that's true. Since they've already got control. They want competition to end they're in control they don't want challengers they've seized control the human psyche human development to the stars they've got it all they think they're getting rid of humanity becoming Gods whatever dementia they're tuned into told them that so they want debates to end right and they want authoritarianism they want what would happen their bulk and how is how is Donald Trump going to stop this a bulk came off the you're gonna see it as making bolts come off the cuff and how do you hoping it happens? Alex, how are you hoping? What does have to do with blocking chances are energy siphons are vampiric action course. So if he actually cuts taxes, the poor people middle class and gets rid of tax incentives for really rich, he's not coming after the rich but from a conservative perspective. So the Republicans are cheering him. So is that what he wants to do? He wants to cut taxes for everybody. Except the rich. He's going to increase them. Really? Oh, yeah. That seems like the opposite of what a rich guy would do. Right? But he understands like Henry Ford did. You got to sell a car where people have to afford to buy it you got to pay your employees where they can buy it he wants real prosperity he doesn't this is trying to get off in his in his limousine rather than buy burnout old towns. does is it's been announced this tax plan. Yeah. So Jamie, see if he could pull up what it says that's fascinating and wonder if that'll change people's opinions. If that really does happen, and people can save a significant amount of money in taxes the problem, the globalist admit they want a global consolidation. They want a global downturn to break everybody's will and accept all the new taxes and regulations. And so Trump is racing. Remember, they had for eight years 0% interest, but it was only the big banks. Trump said we're gonna keep zero percentage for one year, you know, he's against it. But for poor people to get 0% interest, who cares? It's all Fiat anyways, the banks lose the money. It's all just write offs. They're killing it all now and raising raising taxes with Trump tax reform that will make America great again, the goals of Donald Trump number one tax relief for middle class America in order to achieve the American dream, let people keep more money in their pockets and increase the after tax wages. Number two, simplify the tax code to reduce headaches, Americans face in preparing their taxes and let everyone keep more of their money. So he's trying to plan he's already implemented it though. 14 or 12 days and we've already got he's doing it. So if you're single and you earn less than $25,000 or married and jointly earn less than $50,000, you will not owe any income tax is zero shit. Yeah, holy shit and the taxes on portable that removes nearly 75 million households over 50% of the income tax rolls are there they get a new one page form to send to the IRS saying I win those who would otherwise Oh, how crazy is that? They get to save a new one page form to send to the IRS saying I win.

Those Those who would otherwise owe income tax will save an average of nearly $1,000 each. Yeah, it's not that bad. If you're the lowest bracket that pays taxes. You basically don't pay taxes. You don't want to quibble in taxes are for rich people. If you're rich you pay big tips you get it like these people need money. Look at this statement. No business of any size from a fortune 500 to a mom

Pop Shop to a freelancer living job to job will pay more than 15% of their business income in tax and SS plan this lower rate makes corporate investments inversions and unnecessary by making America's tax rate one of the best in the world. Yeah, holy shit. We have all the highest rates. So nobody wants to be here. No family will have to pay the death tax. Holy shit. You know about this? Yeah, that's, that's a liver man. Trump is for real right? Oh, he's totally you earned and save that money for your family and not the government. You paid taxes on it when you earned it. That is so big emigrants has Atlanta's a beautiful tax plan that death tax is disgusting. So like, if you left money for your kid, they would take half your money. They take credit, some dumb giant chunk of it, and he's saying that's not going to happen anymore. That alone. That's a beautiful thing. That's a very good thing. So

Trump has painted

last night I land and they're like 70 of them and like they're like pushing by families with kids like kk k like yelling at families just on Infowars they like literally pushed by like Hispanic families and black people screaming kk k, and I looked at him on tape and just going like, what feels good for people to have a clear enemy. And if they can justify in their mind, you're a white supremacist or anybody on the alt right is a racist, or Trump's kk k. And I heard he, he's a rapist. Yeah, everyone's what's going on.

Marching on the streets. Well, there's also a bunch of people that are looking for some sort of solidarity. Punk. Maybe they were maybe they thought that Hillary was a better choice. And maybe they got excited that they could get together and join up and walk the streets. Anytime you can get people to get together for a common good in their mind at least, and no one gets arrested. That's a good thing.

Traffic for a lot of people have made it annoying. Yeah. What would you do if like, almost half the time you go out to eat or in a grocery store? Someone comes up slaps you in the back and you're telling me that happens to you? Right? Well, I wonder where it's like their inner dimensionally connected, like, why is it always boo your loser slap you in the face in the back of the head? It's like, how do they so it's not because they don't want me to that was the greatest thing you've ever said like, No, I'm sure.

You just invited the door for people going who you're a loser and they try to slap you in the back of the head. It's gonna happen.

You started a human meme. I don't care. The point is, how are they so synched up? Here's the deal. Well, you have women going, Allah Akbar. Well, I love God, by the media sent by the media and I'm out there, peacefully videotaping him the Saturday after Trump's inaugurated in DC before I leave, and they're like fu white male, they're all white women. Fu Jehan.

And they put hats on they burkas screaming? I'm gonna join jihad. He'll never stop me. I'm like, I'm gonna cut your genitals off and put you on a slave block. I don't get where I've never done anything to women. And all these weird ass women include the DC police. We're letting people attack us they were wearing these pink hats. And then they got attacked, praising Oh, yes. I'm saying that you were drunk. That's not true, right? Absolutely not. I didn't think so. No, no, the truth is, the headline was Alex Jones kicked out of inauguration. Oh, yeah, they were they had people blocking the entrances. Because they had it all fenced off. You get in? Yeah, it was. The whole thing is it's it's very, the whole movement is very aggressive. You know, it's like a response to what they think is aggressive. You know, you're all over their slick asking questions. Massage, honestly, ever. Let's be serious. Okay, what is your real world view on the nature of consciousness on this planet an intergalactic space? I've been I've been really honest today. Okay, a lot of true answers. So metaphysically What is the secret of the universe? This is what I think there was a little organism that was just recently discussed. I tweeted it I think yesterday, and they think it was a pretty one of the very first organisms that was the precursor to what we eventually became that all biological life like living walking things came out of this one, multi celled organism, right? Yeah, so one thing, I think as that happened, whatever, hundreds of millions of years ago, I don't know what the number is. But whatever, however long billions of years that happened to go, if we keep going in that same direction, whatever we are now, what it's going to be totally unrecognizable. Just a few 100 years from now or a few 1000 years from now, or if we just do it biologically a million years from now, but I think that if human beings managed to stay alive for a long period of time and not blow each other up, we're on the cusp of figuring out how to manipulate our very beings, like to the point where we're not going to be people anymore. It's just gonna change. That's it. Yeah, humanity is at the crossroads.

And that's my message today, the elite have decided they think the course of our evolution. I'm here to say, shouldn't we decided to have a debate about it? Well, I don't. That's why the Joe Rogan experience is a great place for that people have this insatiable need for innovation. They're fascinated by it. They want the newest phone, even though their phone works perfect. They just want it they have this desire. It's a weird thing. It's just like we were talking about like these, these things aren't designed to make you addicted to them. You're just addicted to and they're designed well, there's a weird sort of connection that we have to this technology. And I think it's because of what Marshall was. For. I think it's because of what Marshall McLuhan said that human beings are the sex organs in the machine world. I really think that's what they're doing. I think all of this integration and all this innovation of all this kind of the prime come propelling this compelling focus on technology, is because evolutionarily, that's where our biology goes, it goes to technology because it can manipulate it at a far faster rate than our evolution and you're saying biomechanically, genetically through round cells not square silicon, we do it more beautifully. And strongly I agree with what you're saying, overall, I don't think it's an either or, it shouldn't just explain Alex, I don't think it's just accepted. They're gonna be able to do shit. In both ways. I agree. They're gonna be

computers, or I'm gonna do it's gonna happen. The point is, you're gonna be screaming 400 years from the public needs to know this. Yeah. So I think the larger debate about it, well, they aren't learning about it. It's just something that you have to seek out and it's really all the informations control, I don't know about that the information about is about innovation and artificial intelligence. They're getting a lot out of your study. Is your Tony fucking Montana running the planet? Would you let that shit out? Or would you keep it for you? But Edie there's not Tony Montana is not running science. The thing is, the scientists are almost all involved in universities and different studies, they're working on their PhDs or trying to make a name for themselves or you're exploring all these different possibilities and then big companies that can profit off of it and billions and billions of dollars like Sony or Apple or any of these other companies just scoop these people up and they're fucking Hold on. A second thing is to innovate and make money. That's what they're there for. That's what they're doing the envelope and

they're not Tony Montana. Do you understand this? You're talking about two different things you do making a false utopia? No, no to talking about what the scientists are trying to benefit the things. I'm talking about what Intel here's? Who makes iPhones doesn't matter. We're having a real discussion about the future of the technological system of humanity. Right? They don't want that discussion. So this thing's whether it's It's Joe or Alex Jones or Eddie Bravo. We're all having on Joe Rogan experience a discussion. The elite are having right now in kawaii right now with Zuckerberg, I know for a fact the elites are meeting with Zuckerberg and

Facebook to he's about Calais. But the whole point is they're having this meeting. He owns Facebook now we should discuss what's happening. Is Facebook part of the Illuminati now, you know, bear shit in the woods part of it come on our joint, you know, delete your profile you

delete your profile? I know you do. I know. I know you do. Hey, the big issues of the world is he never asked you about Ronald Reagan. I want to know about aliens.

Can you keep coming back to that? Because I want to know, what do they know about aliens? What do you what are they real? Okay, I'll tell you right now.

And what I say is not political. And it's not from my particular perspective. Okay. It's from the no knowledge in the universe. Okay.

We live in a third dimensional plane, we can see the planets, the galaxies, the suns, hundreds of billions of galaxies photograph universes. We live in an amazing space time continuum.

The elites believe that it's not in the third dimension that we're mainly receiving transmissions. Ships don't arrive from alphas and tourists, or gitI prime for wherever they're coming from,

or below G's.

They come here to interdimensional gates that are much closer through fold space. And so we have to discuss the different influences there in the universe. And the fact that we have freewill. And we decided we want I don't believe in any of this. I'm simply telling you what the elites believe. So they believe that there's another dimension and these beings are abundant. They need baby blood, right? They need somehow they need babies. Right tune in, let me tell you, we're really powerful.

Were made the image of our Creator, our brain is able to tune into the lowest dimension, the highest dimension, humans are basically really powerful creatures that can live right close to suns. They're highly radioactive, nothing else can live it's close that very short lives, because we're like a hive organism that actually lives second to second

In the space time continuum, it's like 100 years, it's a second. And we transmit our data up to be able to live next to like the Stargate jump gates that are that are sons. So because we live so close to the suns, we only have like milliseconds to be alive. So we're actually a hive organism that keeps transmitting up to the next species in our in our in a hierarchical system, and then down below us. So we're alive right now in this continuum. And we're trying to progress and make things better. And the elites are trying to make sure that we don't dial into that incredible knowledge we've got as a species that basically die as a species, so that we're not competitors, on the next level, as the Bible says, of their dimensional plane, but

But you don't believe that, you're just saying that's what they believe? Oh, yes, exactly.

What do you believe? I mean, I believe in research, do you think that I believe in research, too? Do you think that there is something from other dimensions that can access us? This this we are other dimensions? The third and Sasha is only one limited plane in a larger space? I do believe so. We're a part of that spectrum. Well, let's just say we're not in Kansas anymore. Alex, have you ever done DMT? No. Do you want to? I don't need to do it every night. I go to sleep. I believe that he's on it's like he's on natural DMT Oh, definitely on something man. For sure. I got a question for you.

You know how this is, this is kind of off the cuff a little bit off, track off the beaten path. But you know how the CIA has always been involved in Hollywood and making movies and you know, like Zero Dark 30 And, you know, all these movies that are clearly propaganda movies, you know, most like even movies, you think they weren't propaganda, but they are they're, like, the superhero movies, how they're just all the plots and the evil Oh, they're gonna build a bomb. And all that is, is they're whistleblowers within Hollywood that are making movies just like like in Brazil, it was martial arts were outlawed. So the people, the people that were about the truth, they were like doing dance, but they were disguising them.

Is there filming? Are there filmmakers like that out there that are trying to help humanity with the basis of their films? Or is it all perfect? It was like anything else? There's good people and bad people. I don't think Hollywood overall is bad. Which Which movies are the good ones? Because I watch I might get Star Wars. I'm like, is this the bad one? That's propaganda.

The Meryl Streep movies are good ones. The good ones Meryl Streep. Which ones are the ones I should go to Nero Talladega Nights?

Right? No, no way. What about like when hangover one comes out? Let me tell you that's

because I

didn't like hangover. Go ahead. I'm CIA is only the name of like one part of the shadow government, which is all like the intellectuals of America. So those people were on Trump's side now. Yeah. And that's the first time ever?

Well, the CIA has never been perfect at it. So they must have been with Bush. Right? Because Bush used to be the presidency. I was senior. Yeah. George Herbert Walker. Yeah. So he was head of the CIA. And here's the deal, right? The CIA was set up supposedly to defend the Republic and do all this stuff. It got hijacked by multinational interests. It's been retaken, and they're cleaning the CIA out right now. Are you serious? That's fucking breaking. Goddamn news. That shit up on Infowars. The CEO is cleaning house. Oh my god. That's Are you kidding me? Why isn't that the headline news on Infowars right now, you know that.

The Rock t shirt. A lot of folks did really, really crazy things for the CIA. That's history. The CIA does like half of fighting. And they were all pissed off. And they were portrayed by infiltrators inside of the CIA and really bad stuff that went on. But right now, there is a counterfeit within the CIA, cleaning them up. While they're definitely trying, Jesus Christ jail. I like what I'm hearing. Well, we'll see what happens. But are you are you happy about the features be ready.

If succeeds, within three years, you're gonna hear major cancer cures announced? You're gonna hear energy systems announced, you're gonna hear a new companies announced they've suppressed all this stuff. And Trump was good. People want to empower humanity. They believe in the species in the planet, and big steps. Oh, god damn crazy would be if Trump became a hero. He is a hero. But do you know how crazy would be if the country accepted them? If they figure this out? After if this is all true? This all comes true, exactly. As you're saying, which I really have no idea if you're right, and you know what you could play right now. How about that Bill Clinton clip that you played, where he's talking about vetting immigrants, like more hardcore than tribes?

Have you got that everybody? How do you pull that? How did Clinton and Bill Clinton and Hillary promote wall and the walls and I don't I have disagree with him on the wall, because he will do it later on?

Over its metaphysical. It's like, we're a country we're allowed to have as Mexico has one. Canada has one cat, why can't we? The big thing is just deport people that are on welfare. We need people from Mexico and Russia and Japan and just the poor people that are on welfare to only deport the poorest ones. The ones we can't say, If you won't do anything, and you're come here yeah, we'll call out Okay, so when they come over here, you're saying give them a chance. But then once if they try to stay on welfare there was more should or not sounds good.

Listen, this is a 1995. Only in the states most heavily affected but in every place in this country are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. The jobs they hold might otherwise be held by citizens or legal immigrants. The public service they use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why our administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards by deporting twice as many criminal aliens as ever before, by cracking down on illegal hiring. By barring welfare benefits to illegal aliens.

I will present to you we will try to do more to speed the deportation of illegal aliens who are arrested for crimes to better identify illegal aliens in the workplace, as recommended by the commission headed by former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of immigrants. But we are also a nation of laws. It is wrong and ultimately self defeating, for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years and we must do more to stop it. If that doesn't vindicate fucking Trump on all that fence show, but it also makes you realize bad motherfucker Bill Clinton was his Trump can make a speech like that

was a good

speech

you're out there marching bar.

Wall if you're some chick out there marching talking about the wall and you just heard that that was realized realize I'm giving you a chance. Admit you were pumped. It's okay. Everybody gets powerful power punch but from this point on, shut the fuck up about it. Well, power that's not No Okay. Let's that's it. Are you kidding?

Time take one.

If I give you full power, okay.

I think we've hit we have

it's five. We're gonna wrap this up. We got it. We did a good job. We put together one more question. Go ahead. One more. I, you know me I'm fucking fascinated with conspiracy theories just like you every night. Dudes are watching fights and boxing. I'm listening to conspiracy theories. Every fucking night when I go to bed. I listen to Alex Jones every day, every day. The one thing that gets that I don't get, I get the establishment. I get the Illuminati. I get all that shit. But then there's Ronald Reagan. Every now and then you have Dr. Steve pathetic on your show. And he's talking about some serious conspiracy theories. All this shit is confirming everything. He's deep in the CIA confirming it. But then when they talk about Ronald Reagan, they talk about like, he was the last great President. And I thought that actor that was an FBI informant, Isn't he so goddamn establishment? Ronald Reagan. I don't get that explain Ronald Reagan. I mean, George Sr. was the Vice President, Director of the CIA. He just seems like a joke on this off, but this is once in line. Okay. Explain. If you want to end the transmission. Explain Ronald Reagan. Go ahead. He was just joking around punching earlier. No, no, it's okay. But his question is the question.

He wants to know about Ronald Reagan.

I could trust tell me the movies. Okay. Ronald Reagan. Were not in some blood vessels Reagan, but after all the Obama globalization, it's like an intelligent good thing. Reagan ran against George Herbert Walker Bush said he was global as CFR world government, then they told him at the convention, okay, you won. But we're going to not let you have a nomination if you don't put a herbert walker bush. Yeah. Then a year in the shooting. They just released that guy. And so all this stuff went on shit. I didn't. So Reagan didn't get his agenda through. And they tagged on Iran, Contra, all this other stuff. Reagan actually wanted to get rid of the IRS, and a bunch of good stuff. So ya know, he's an anti communist. He was running against George Bush, he beat him and then when he got the presidential nomination for the Republican Party, they made him they forced him to take the true story for still, I think, I think Ronald Reagan, and I wanted to believe in Obama, but he's a total globalist in this new tax things crazy. What do you think of that? It's pretty radical. Joe got mad at us trading punches.

Give

Trump on Trump. Give me a shout me out. People. There's people out there that think Trump is racist, and they think he's a sexist, and a whoremonger

whoremonger thank you so much.

Texas

Okay, well, good for him. A lot of people do. Okay, so you think he's good guy. I know Trump's a good guy. He, what he's done is he's delivered like no president ever. Alright, everybody wants to everybody wants to find some reason to hate him and some reason to figure out a way to get him out of office. But shouldn't we at this point? I mean, he won their game, right? There's a popularity contest, he won the popularity contest. And that's really what being President is, yeah, figuring out a way to get the most amount of people to say I like you better. I mean, it's really what it is. And he's the first truly popular person who's really good at manipulating the media to win the popularity contest. Everybody before him, had just been a politician. He's the first guy that's actually famous that then became 2.0. It's never happened.

Three and a half hours Ronald Reagan was for 330 wasn't why was it?

California, it's five o'clock.

That's only two and a half hours. Yeah. But the point being that he's, he wasn't that famous, right? Like Donald Trump. I don't think he was famously he was a movie star Ronald Reagan. Are you? True, but I don't think he was a big movie star. I think he was like Christian Slater. She probably doesn't trump wasn't a movie star. No offense, Christian Slater. I loved you and blade. Hey, he's in

jail. He was in Blade, right. Blade and blade jump? No. Stephen Dorff was well, it was. It was Ronald Reagan.

Did he get his arm ready to end this right now. But I'm telling you, once in a lifetime interview, we haven't got the real questions. We're like,

No, we're not during this five, three and a half hours. When we go live.

3130 will live 130 We're sitting the chair before when he's on Austin time. She's got the clock right next to you see, it's five o'clock. Yeah, fine.

All I know is none of your listeners really told you the real truth, okay, of what I've researched, you shouldn't believe MSM, their total corporate whores they didn't think is going to happen. How do you think this is going to play out now that you think this sort of silent, bloodless coup is taking place? And this guy has gotten through this net that had been set there to make sure that no one other than the people that were already inside the system could ever run it? So he got through? He's, he's running it. Now. Why do you think it's credible? Once in a Lifetime situation? Trump isn't perfect. He really wants to empower humanity. All of us have to work hard. Be involved, hear our views, put on our ideas and just move forward with airplane to try to assassinate Trump. You think so? Oh, god, they're demonizing him saying killing him. Oh, you mean assassinating for real? Or do you mean assassinate him like public base, like politically as they want to politically destroy his name.

And they want to politically also try to kill him? All I know is

America had half the wealth in the world 20 years ago, and 5% of the world population.

We've lost half that wealth. And it's that as we get more powerful, they get more powerful. And the elite have been trying to domesticate America. Not that we're perfect. But we've got ideas of industry and ideas, and doing things that change everything. And so the real leaders planet want to kill competition. They want to consolidate control. They want to end the internet of governments. That's America. They were about if Hillary would have won, they would have censored the Oh, yeah. How are they?

putting the pieces together, they were about to do it. Okay, Tom. The headline is Obama established his ministry of truth. Three weeks before Trump takes office one week after Trump's election. So Ministry of Truth being something that stops fake news. News that government doesn't agree with, right? So the problem becomes how do we decide what's fake?

Let's go back please go backwards. Obama quietly signs the countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act into law. Wow. late on Friday, with the US population embracing the upcoming holidays and oblivious of most news emerging from the administration, Obama quietly signed into law the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act, which authorizes $611 billion for the military in 2017. And the statement Obama said, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Where's it saying?

Over the governor's Board of Governors the FCC federalize the media meaning federalized television shows every yo transmissions, your summation all galaxies, your website, my website, everybody's website. What do you guys what are you doing? It says Obama last minute bills, like all that shit he signed. Last Days, read it out, sit, read down a little lower. It says in the bill, we're going to federalize commute and put it back out who's gonna find it, and we're gonna federalize communications, and put the CIA or with the Board of Governors of the Federal Communications. That sounds so crazy. Did you

wouldn't have been certainly would have been subjected to that shit they could easily.

You can't talk about that normally, of course Hillary would have won. That would have happened, dude. This close See, I wonder if people would have ever went for that. That seems let me show it Trump does. He is like up till two in the morning. Everybody knows tweeting, tweet scale, watches video clips, he gets on here and I know he's a conspiracy theorist

he's Yeah, I'm not saying Trump's perfect. I'm gonna keep Trump honest. If he has anything I'm gonna come out against him. The point is, is that he's a different kind of thing you can open rogue element 911 Is he going to do anything about this already expose the fact that elements of the government work with Saudi Arabia to launch the September a lot of attacks 16 years ago we're gonna reopen that shit. He said he Well, you think that? Imagine that? Imagine the Rio match of 911. Imagine about the Alien Bases on the moon please, Tom to release that information. But the Alien Bases question What does he know about geoengineering? Right? What does he know about aliens? Not not about aliens? Fuck no, no, no, no, no.

Chemtrails you don't say fuck aliens. Okay. All right, let's do

Donald Trump back. I'm back on Donald Trump call. I'm so bored lately. I'm pulling on Aliens. And hello. Back on alien Bigfoot.

Aliens 10 years ago. Sure I'm doing

Go ahead, sir. Ring, ring. Ring, ring ring. Here we go. Hi, Alex. Oh, Mr. President. What's going on? Well, moving the agenda forward to cut taxes what you think? Well, I don't know about those secret space spaces. Wow. It's you got to come to Trump Tower for those meetings.

I'll come to Trump Tower. I want to open aliens. Hey, ask Trump. If he wants to learn some jujitsu?

half off fly to New York. He was drunk. I want to see the bodies alien bodies. We go to Trump on the show hangar 18. Alex, you mentioned Trump on the show. That would be huge for him. Probably not a good idea. For anybody? No.

If you want

to say us, Joe, I don't care if you're too cool. We're gonna eat after this. Well, I we have to get the fuck out of here. For sure. Let's talk about whether or not we're going to eat or anything else. But it's already five o'clock. So we're at three and a half hours in. Is there anything more that you have to say before we get on here? Let me get another question. Is it No, no. Eddie, I want to ask Alex. No. I mean, literally, I really seek the truth to try and tell the truth. infowars.com has our articles or research or videos or podcasts what we do, and I'm not left or right. I'm not liberal or conservative. I'm really trying to find out what's going on in the world. And so after all these years, Joe, this has been a I love

the lies really good questions. You kind of knew all this I was gonna bring up. So let us get you just keep creating you just get crazy. You want to keep going and keep going and keep going keep going. But I think sometimes you gotta go Okay. Hold that thought. Expand. Explain because a lot of times things that we'll hold on a second at things that are in your head self explanatory. You already know about it. There's a giant percentage of the people that are listening to this have no idea what you're talking about. I get it. I want to say this. For the Joe Rogan listeners have an open mind. You heard him for three and a half hours. download that app that Infowars app started listening to him Eddie, why don't you do your show on Infowars that's the move to Eddie Bravo radio comes back on Infowars

I would do that

Rogan sampler J. But listen, but listen. Okay, but oh boy, listen.

I'm gonna say all I want people give him a chance. He doesn't know shit about space. But when it comes to politics, you don't want to base Yeah, when it comes to politics. He's He's a fucking master.

He's like,

he's like Hello, Tracy. And that's a compliment space. He's Joe roll

up. Jamie pulls up with

everything countering foreign propaganda and disinformation act of 2016. The bill expresses the sense of this bill expresses the sense of Congress that What a weird expression okay, what are we looking at? This is that bill that anti propaganda bill. foreign governments, including the government of the Russian Federation in China use different disinformation other propaganda tools to undermine the national security objectives of the United States and key allies and partners US government should develop a comprehensive strategy to counter foreign Disinformation and Propaganda and assert leadership and developing a fact base strategic narrative and an important element of this strategy should be to help promote an independent press. And countries that are vulnerable to foreign disinformation, translate that MSM is on the ropes are panicking. They'll want to shut down their competition. One American watching this or listening doesn't think they should decide what they should listen to or not. Do you think that would be ever accepted that they would allow people someone that works in the government

went to censor websites and podcasts almost signed. It's already happened. But this isn't China go

do this, they signed a bill to dry it.

Oh, crazy. Notice how I tell you look at that sambil one of the things about podcasts is that they're back basically just a pure conversation. It's just people sitting down and talking. And if you if you stop pure conversations, I mean, that is like one of the most heinous forms. It's too late. You can't stop. They could try. You could try trying. But if they

really did get into office, and they really did try to implement

it.

I almost wish Hillary would have won, because I could have been outside the power. And I keep Trump on list. I mean, I attack Trump does something wrong. It's hard to find, but he makes some mistakes like torture, iPhone codes or whatever. So torture you think is just it doesn't work. It's not work. It makes us look terrible to foreign country lowers us in our level. Yeah, exactly. But Trump came out against torture two days ago and said, okay, so he changed his mind. He's good on stuff like that. That's very waking up. And when you wake up, you change your mind. So independently wealthy, that's one of them.

That's probably a huge factor in this, Scott. I mean, he's not part of the Obama, Hillary metal. That's what I'm saying is that there's no calculation, I just treat you like I want to be treated. Big stuff is happening. So very excited. Let me ask you this before we before we wrap this up, you know, if Trump is this new stage of politics, or a new type of politician, what kind of person do you think would be like literally the perfect person to run this country? And what would the perfect person do Ron Paul? Yeah, Ron Paul's great, but I think it's somebody who's worked hard in private business, who really has a sense of success. Who loves America,

who has been through the gauntlet of demonization attacks and dealt with it. Yeah, because Donald Trump. I mean, you look at what he's been through man who's been through this, it could have been a winner over and I'm not in some cults, Donald Trump. I think I want to hate him. I want to not believe he's so good. But man, when he calls up and he like, read your mind, and knows what you were just thinking about, you're like, Man, this guy is like God of the devil. This tax thing is very fascinating. It's gonna be very interesting. So

it seemed to me, the mainstream,

billionaires are gonna put it to me every time I turn on my iPhone, you know, when I didn't ask for fucking Fox news bulletin board. They force feed me every morning CNN, so Joe Rogan experience or Infowars that's why you gotta see, because Joe's real, I'm real. You're real. Whether we're perfect or not, no matter we want to be real. Everyone should human human intelligence support this podcast and Infowars and the Joe Rogan experience and make this dominant, which it already is just to say listen, bitches you may force feed Eddie Bravo, about to CNN Fox News shit every morning, but you're fucking getting the Joe Rogan experience up your fucking ass. Holy shit Christ.

Every time I turn on my phone and look at what is CNN trying to fucking force feed? Yeah. When does the iPhone force feed you the possessed demonic type Jesus.

Cooper anti Trump does every day. I'm on the show.

I try anti

Trump but super nice guy seems like a nice guy.

He worked there like in college right now beyond that. Beyond that, he admitted it. He's part of the like, whip CIA.

Real? Wait a minute CIA as a whip division. If you're the Astor family like he is Yeah. Or the Vanderbilt, Vanderbilt John Jacob. Mr. Meyer Smith. His name is my name to give you all right, folks. That's a wrap. Now it's not no. To make fun of me at the very end. We're talking about Transcendental transcending information air Joe. I think sometimes we're talking about infowars.com and Joe Rogan experience and Eddie Bravo.

A

rock and roll conspiracy theory. Is your network. If not, he believes the CIA.

Shit. How does this go as well as you thought beyond better? Better? This was fun. We enjoyed his awesome I enjoyed it.

What? What did you think your 911 Oh, so I thought it'd be exactly like, this is as good as I could have hoped. We had a good time. We had a lot of laughs We talked about some real shit. We brought up some news articles that confirm a lot of crazy things that you're saying that makes you like all those new arrests or new rest about pedophiles and sex slaves like holy shit, if that's real, what story was what news source was that story that was contaminated? Was Right. And how many different is it like all over the place on the internet and a bunch of different news sources going out? What about the sex slaves and being released?

dissociated children. Yeah, yeah. So what I'm saying is true story. I'm sitting here thinking Trump is a major force, global force right now Trump, and he talks to Alex Jones. Alex Jones talks to Joe Rogan. And I'm here because of Joe Rogan I'm holding god damn shit. We got some kind of lightning bolt going through the world right now with Sure. But it's not like Joe's like, it's like all of us together. We're all there. It had to be like this for it to be like this every every day before today. Well, however it went down had to be like this for us for this to happen. Well, I wanted to be better than eight years before I come back. And Joe next me Ross, you gotta come and shoot ago, we had to interview that story that foreign and 74 stories. Russell was laying many many many major news sites. It's crazy. It's real. This is a galactic thing going down right now man. Well, dude, some interesting things are happening to people and it's happening at an accelerated rate and we're all part of it. Everybody listening to this everybody talking to their friends, everybody. Everybody reading the internet, everybody watching documentaries, everybody reading books, everybody understanding that we know more about how things work today than we ever have before. And it's weirder than we ever thought. And And isn't this discovery incredible? The crazy thing is, is when people aren't, you're just not asleep and then awake. You're asleep. And then you're partially awake. You know about oh, you discover you you saw Zeitgeist for the first time. Oh, you're partially awake. You don't know about all this other stuff. So when you hear about all the other stuff, you still got that mentality where like, That's bullshit. That's bullshit. People are partially awake. Not Not everybody. Bullshit, though. Yeah, the problem is a lot of wacky conspiracies out there.

Monster Dinosaurs aren't real. They believe is a shark they believe it's a Greenland shark. Sharks.

They think it's a shark that's like a millions millions of years old and got into that water back when it's connected to the ocean. Because it's an ancient creature and they used to think they're extinct, but now they don't need more they found some. So they think the Loch Ness monster that makes sense or like a 25 foot like about where you get your information from? No, no, no, no. Like a scientist like like, what did you get the information from? You guys can't talk. But that's what it comes down. I'm hardly talking. I know. But he's talking to talk when you're talking about Greenland sharks. Know?

The show? Yes. Eddie Bravo back. No, no, no, no, I'm gonna fuck you up. And my left hand is my strongest.

Because everybody has a beautiful

thanks for listening in. Thanks for tuning in to Episode 911 Bravo, Alex Jones and Joe Rogan's signing off. All right, Joe. We are doing against
