I show up so I'm flying him out after a cold. I'm gonna do a podcast and him with subtitles in Spanish. And I'm bringing them up here on Friday. Why? Yeah, my religion, please do it for me in Spanish with subtitles. And then I'm gonna bring him up here on Friday and we're gonna have a three way about Cuba. What it was like to rest on the whole thing if you don't mind. Wow, you mind. So I'll do mine about subtitles just by noon. Okay.

So Norway will not clash with you to the three of us together would be the greatest podcast

because I can interpret and you would be would be it would be a real MMA. You could really take them out on the hooks and to Russia. That's a fantastic training Cuban where they shipped them because they shipped you off when you were a young kid. Did a lot of people don't know Yeah, they look at you on that and go Belotero you don't have a choice. They look at you and they go do us a Luciana and that's it. Now they, they take a certain age and they or they need to send you to Nicaragua, or Russia. And you train. And that's why a lot of Cubans and you don't because because they go to Russia and learn judo. Wow. So he's gonna tell you how they shipped them off. They don't just tell you mom, like would take them tomorrow. That's

it's always been interesting to me, because the Cubans and the Russians in particular were always thought of as being very technical. Really, the Russians Russians are super technical. Those would a lot of people attributed George St. Pierre success in wrestling. You know, George is in wrestling college or in high school. But he trained with a bunch of Russian nationals in Montreal, and apparently phenomenal wrestlers. They have this incredible wrestling program. Like when you see when you see Nurmagomedov the way he malls people inside the Octagon like What in the fuck like that is like a perfect example of that like style of super hard super technical wrestling. They're so good at it. There's so many you see, you know, you see lomachenko used to be a wrestler. Because the video lomachenko Looks like he's doing sambo. It looks like he's got like a GI on and it's him and some other cat. And he's like 11 years old or something like that. So his father put him in everything. His father made him you know, lomachenko is one of the best boxers ever, like literally one of the most technically beautiful to watch boxers it's ever lived. But this guy used to wrestle to like his This is a I don't think this is it. Does him okay. Is this him wrestling with somebody? Yeah, this is one now where he can still do this shit. This is like pretty recent. Like he showed some of his wrestling moves. But the other one was him when he was a little boy like he's really technical man. He knows how to wrestle. This is legit. Like when you see the way he's moving his body. He's not faking that. He's done that a bunch of times. And yeah, this is this is one when he's a little kid man. It's crazy. It says Greco Roman wrestling but they're wearing a GI so I'm not exactly sure what it is. But he gets his kid and gets behind him and tons of for a ride. So he was he's always been an amazing athlete. Like in every I think there's there's something to that for something to his father had an idea to crazy ideas. Father took him out of boxing and put them in a dance for like several years. Ukrainian traditional dance style. Apparently they were talking about it on one of those HBO shows. for like four years. I think it was HBO show, but for four years, I think he just danced. Imagine that. As far as like, you want to learn how to box you got to dance. And now nobody's got footwork. If you've seen him, Joey Yes. You've seen like, his highlight reel. Yeah, it's insane. It's insane. He pull up a woman's reel, because my

daughter goes to ballet. And 80% of the class is rushing. So I was thinking about it. Yesterday, I was watching the movements. The last parade movement. I'm like Jesus Christ. If people did ballet, could you and I was thinking of GSP like, you know me, I'm like, Yes, pre probably fucking done ballet. Would that would be good for you. It's great footwork.

This guy is the Wizard of footwork. It's crazy, because he's like, right in front of you. But he's one step ahead of you at every turn. Like he knows what you're going to do. Right while you're doing it. He's moving in a way that you can't move. He's in front of you, and then he's not. It's crazy, like he's one of the most technical boxers I've ever seen. It's just an amazing stylistic achievement like what he can do with his body. His style is totally unique. I mean, every but a lot of guys have done it. A lot of guys have moved in now a lot of guys have done it. But he's doing it at such a high level. Such a high level that it makes people confused guys quit in their corner. They're like What in the fuck? And I really think a lot of it probably had to do with his father's cross training, and particularly with the dance. I mean, think about how effortlessly he goes like steps around guys. I mean, he's got some incredible control of his feet, but it makes sense that like, you would learn how to move your feet in a specific way, the way the way you weren't learned how to move your hands in a specific way. Right? Like, think about a guy like Floyd Mayweather, right? His hand combinations with his upper body. They're so precise. It's like that, right? But with his legs is he as precise as he as precise moving with his legs as his with his hands was the 60% or 70%, or 80%. lomachenko is probably perfectly proportioned for his style with his ability to move, but also also his ability to box and hit you well. He's got both things going on at the same time with next level angles.

So that's what I was saying. When you're young and Cuba, they pick you. It's not like you wake up and go, I want to be wrestling. No, they look at you and go, you look like you go go go wrestle. And like, what I was hearing back from them in the early 70s was like they just took you away from your family. That was part of your training. You know, you're done. They put you in there. Go ahead. No, you know what, you train them

like their army. Have you talked to y'all about this? Turn your Well, yeah,

like no, we've discussed what this thing is. I already have graphics on the podcast. Well, so I figured that I put them up and we'll do a podcast in Spanish with fucking subtitles like an English film like, like a giulini movie, whatever. One of those movies people think they're unique, okay? Because his, his English is too rough for me, and I know what he's trying to say. And the frustration in his face he's trying to show you I love you. He's being so now he did a tape the day of him in Cuba waiting for bisbing in Cuba. He went, went to Cuba, no. Romero's back.

But what is the see if you can find

it's he's he's not.

He's not. He's not. He's fighting Rockhold now,

which is a tremendous item that says, All right, that's

a crazy fight.

That's a crazy, very

good fight. It's very good fight. Rockhold when he's on is super dangerous, you know, when Rockhold made one slip up against Bisping. But, you know, fair play to bisbing He, he came into that fight, regardless of where anybody ranked him, you know, like how they felt his chances were, he came in swing he had like, I think he had like 11 days notice. Something like that. What was how many how many days notice that Michael has been getting when he fought Luke Rockhold. I want to say it was something crazy low. It wasn't much time

in a row clock row. Luke Rockhold is very good. He's a beast very, very good. His top game. Let me tell you some. I think when he fought my vision and my own idea, I think his focus was a little off maybe to an away. I think he was dating rockstars and hanging out in Hollywood. I think he's not dating or whatever anymore. Now he's just fucking he thought he beat branch. He looked great. But his jujitsu is great. Yeah, he has great cakes. He's great with his hands. His movement him against your well is going to be interesting. Let's skip vicious kicks, man. Now he's four. And he's one right. So look, Rock Roll is number one and one of the five right

I believe so. Yeah, I think this is a four. Yeah, it's

great. Fine. And then you got Jack arrays back links to Jack Bronson. You know what's crazy? Like I always say the like, I don't mean to pronounce his name wrong. And that guy Oh, right. Like when he fought steal pick and Don Oh, God got on when he fought my man immigrant mentality like a motherfucker. Yeah, he hits hard and all that stuff like that. But now that dudes still gonna be more dangerous. Now he's gonna fuckin take that loss. Oh,

man. He's got machines. You got to think how crazy it is that he went from being a guy who was homeless two, five years later fighting for the heavyweight title. This is like a total amount of training. Five years of MMA training, fighting for the heavyweight title. And he's the favorite. He's the favorite over geyser he defended it twice. I mean, it's crazy. That's how talented he is. That's how terrifying he is. That's how special he is. But a loss like that to a guide like that like to a real champ like steep a that lets you realize where the top of the game is. There's another there's a few more things to learn. There's a lot more days to get in and training. But that guy's just begun. He's just began five years ago he didn't know shit. He's way better now than he was two fights ago. You I see the difference. I see the difference in the way he moves when he fought Overeem it was since significantly different than when I saw him his first and second fights his first second fights. He was very good, very but just insanely strong. He would hit guys with these combinations and clean technique to man. He's like he's not just a physically strong guy. He's also very smart, because he's learning to do everything mechanically Very good. It's not like a guy who's only been striking for like three or four years. So they look a little tight and weird, but they can if they land they got a lot of power. Nah, man, everything is clean. Like

we said, some digging those trenches Jack. Oh, do that type of work gets a tough love.

He's just a special athlete. And if he keeps going, Man, I mean, boy, that guy learning more to think about how little you learn in five years, most of these guys have way more time in way more time and wrestling way more time and kickboxing, the average guy, by time it gets to the UFC, I would like to know what the number is like how many years of training and competing they have, but it's got to be more than two. Like he was he was like, right in the UFC and smash and people. It's he's an amazing story, man. It's an amazing story. And for a lot of people, the way it ended is a good lesson for martial artists. It's a good lesson. See what even if you were an unguarded fan, you're bummed out that he lost. I appreciate that. I'm an in gun Fan Fan too, but I'm more of a fan of Mixed Martial Arts. I'm a fan of an honest. Like, it's like I want to I want to know what it is like, what? What is this? Like? What's this? What's this contest right here? What's what's actually going on here? What's going on here is phenomenal, athletic talent, massive potential, like super Alpha athlete versus one of the toughest guys ever who's been in the game long or who knows more he's wrestled he's been fighting way more he's been in the trenches way more times he said dig deep he knows what it's like to be really hurt and tired in a fight

she I appreciate the strategy of like, how do you go into fight a guy like perfect who was like Rocky against Mr. T? Yeah, that's what exactly was like so it was like heart and fucking a little smart. Stay away from that punch. It had to be and I haven't watched the full fight and I was working on fucking stage.

My brother getting hit by Francis and gun and MMA gloves. Yes, it's the worst thing that could happen to a person He's terrifying and steep a got cracked multiple times in that fight. It sounds like he didn't get hit. He got cracked. But he had made up his mind he was going nowhere. He knew what to do. He'd been there before that's a that's an incredible lesson which is for the overall the sport for the for mixed martial arts in general. And the lesson is like he figured out like he had like the craziest end of video game character ever right and God was like the big like the big boss in a video game they're like fuck I gotta I gotta play against this guy that's in God who and steep a figured out how to beat them being 20 plus pounds lighter than him in a way you know way less intimidating in terms of his physical presents all those steep it's pretty fucking intimidating. But in Ghana is so intimidating he's so next level 265 natural giant crazy frame you look

when you're next to steep and that's when you realize that big is too big fell on TV the look that big when you're next on me like this guy's a big fuck.

He's a big fan of his asset is his mind though. Gs?

Yes. Come on. Yeah.

We talked about the Wikipedia page. Oh,

I told you immigrant mentality will tell. Page Listen, American ingenuity is fucking brilliant. And with the immigrant mentality mix, like let's say you're still an American, but you're that can call your Steve Knight you still call them stupid Miyaji to remember where the fuck you came from? You understand that? His father came that's really weird. Like, yeah, and that you know, it was on I almost called you Joe. I hate calling you. I almost called you to go when was the last time you want Bronx Tale? Oh, you know what's going on all week. I watched it a year ago, when he fucking finds him with the guns. And he starts smacking the kids in the neighborhood. I still remember people's parents smacking kids in the neighborhood. Wow. Like people's parents coming up on what the fuck do you guys do? Get the fuck? I won't kick gotta kick to the stomach and the father points the other kid. And nobody said

Dick. Nobody said deck deck. No. Like I'm watching

this Brian with the biker scene. What was the last? Like? I haven't watched Bronx town. 20 years. It's on AMC. It's

on they're locked the door and can't leave. He's eaten and shit. And

last thing he hears the bikes is shit. And he walks over. Oh, okay, nice, like a gentleman. Yeah, and no problem one bit. And often they do a thing and he walks into the I gotta leave. No. Now you can't leave and collateral. Like that guy named his son collateral. Who would do something like that. That means you you want your son to have the immigrant mentality. But when they throw that beat on the bus I guess that's a true story because it that's a true true story. Listen, in the 60s, you couldn't have longhand walk around the Bronx? It just wasn't accepted. Really? Yeah, that hippie shit. That That didn't happen in the Bronx. And so

what if like a hippie was walking through the Bronx,

they called your dirty hair. They insulted you, they called you a bunch of shit. And then they drew a beat on you. And it's hysterical because that scene is so accurate. Because after the adults drew a beat on you, then the neighborhood kids chased you like the young kids would sticks and that's what we do. You know, like the little guys will chase you and once you are beat up they took all your money. It's a classic scene. I was thinking about that. Actually. I gotta call Joe and ask him when the last look at this look how bad to the bone that rather he stole it Joe whether he stole the scene or look at this you drive away I'm your man is Thomas you gotta leave when I just tell him Sonny problem

is your man here says when I probably dress like Armani Angry Black I'm lying green

looking for trouble very careful for you to

come together so got him

around right yeah

this is a great scene.

This is a great scene

it's a perfect song right

perfect song when he walks in it starts from the beginning to get the goon go watch it

just kind of gets kicked off and you

know no as long as we talk over

okay

this is right here

Oh nice. I'll tell you what to

watch the bytes

turn is shuts the door Oh nice. Can't leave. I will never forget the look on their faces. All eight of them.

Their faces dropped. All their cards and strength was drained right from their bodies. They had a reputation for breaking the bars. But they knew that they made a fatal mistake this time they walked into the role bar

this is real Joe Rogan This was 1968 Fucking Jerome.

Oh shit. So this is a true story

Jesus Christ this seems fucking brutal.

This is it. This was when this was allowed to

this is craziness, bro. This was this was the Bronx and 6869. And the neighborhood you know, like the neighborhood would tell you hurry up the cops and people on the third floor would tell you we could see the cops from the third floor. We could see the bulls coming down the street like the whole neighborhood was in on it.

You know what's interesting to me? Like this is all from immigrants. Right? Yeah, it's all this

was what they had to do. Because of not but there's also movies about him dating a black girl. Right? And what that meant that to say I forgot how good this movie was. This movie was brilliant. Yeah,

shout out to Frankie Renzulli. Yeah, this movie is a genius movie. Look at this. Watch my

car. You know, Chazz Palminteri is great and as fuck these this is it this was it. This was it.

I forgot how good this is.

Now see the young guys now that's us right well let's see what's going on. Now you take this guy and we would fuck him up

like animals

this is how you get

immigrants. Spanish immigrants. Oh my god crazy crazy crazy when you think about their one generation removed from people came off a boat. Let

me tell you what, the other side of this here's the other side. Like all right. The big thing was we we came to move here and he would come to the store Frank style. Mike Starr was your friend. And he would come to the store and there was a big room with that chest all the stories from him and put this together and it was like this little War going on. But now Frankie, Frankie was really the other gentleman there was somebody else that was that turned out to be somebody very big. And but there's a story one time that a biker dude oh Gravano money and Nirvana was hitting him and he fell off the sidewalk and broke his leg. So Gravano one night went out and fucking did something like this. I'm like, what? 20 guys, they beat up a mic. I don't know how true it was. But I still remember being five. Like if I could think if you could put hit me with truth serum, I could go back to being 1968 1969 in the Bronx, my daughter is five. And my mother would send me from the dry cleaner that she owned to the corner where there was an Italian place that had slices and Italian ice and shit like that, right? Like I was allowed to walk to the corner mercies on Fremont Avenue. I think I was looking at my daughter that was watching Bronx I'm going different his time change. Like I was allowed to go to the liquor store with a note and get my mother Marlboro reds, and bring them back in that neighborhood. We didn't live there. My mother just had a dry cleaning up there was a bookie numbers joint. That's why we had the dry cleaner. We were partners on the dry cleaning. You didn't know that now. That's why I got scars on my face. I got bit by a German Shepherd as a kid, those three by one of the eyes. That's what we did when we came from cube I lived in 205 West 88th Street. And after my father died, my mother had a dry cleaner. And that's uh, we were up we were up in Jerome Avenue, and train mining Grand Concourse. And we had a dry cleaner and every, every weekend, I would go up there. And I would sit there with the fucking I learned how to dry clean and had black Mike black Mike was the guy that I ended everything but he made the best spaghetti in the Bronx. So even Italians came to the black Mike's spaghetti really? Yeah, this was I knew all that shit when I was a kid. Because when you have a numbers operation, you have to keep moving it around, right? The cops can't. So you have to every three or four weeks you have to

move it around. Explain the numbers to people don't know the numbers is the paramutual.

It's the last three numbers of the paramutual the track, which is the amount of track made for the day. So if the track made 686,480 2000. Now the number for the days is 482. And it comes out as the Brooklyn number. So there's three numbers a day, there's Brooklyn, the Bronx and New Jersey. But what happened was that was a big business until the 80s to the lotto came up, and the lotto cut that in half. But before that, that was all put in a little different, a little different immigrant neighborhoods all over New York City. Because as immigrants will want hope. Yeah, we know we want that money to get that refrigerator and the stove and shit like that. It's such a weird thing that they would gamble just $2 a day, or $2 a day, wouldn't you? $1,000? Yeah, I can do a lot in 1975 with $1,000 with two kids.

My grandmother was obsessed with the numbers. Yeah, she was obsessed. And she would always have like a number in her head that she thought it was going to be. And it was like one off or something like that. It was like the story she would tell you. What would you say to? What can I say? I was like five? I just remember it very distinctly. My grandmother went to jail for running numbers. In New Jersey, she wouldn't she wouldn't rat them out. So they put her in jail. And so she made sweaters gave sweaters to the guards. Mrs. D. She's the nicest lady. Do

you feel that your grandmother had done time?

What did you think we didn't find out

until I was probably like, I wonder when I found out I think maybe I found out my teenage years. And I was like, why? The fuck? People would go to see her like, where's I don't want to say my grandma's name and a respect. But people would say you know, where is she? And so she went to visit her cousin. Her. She wants to see her on and she's you know, choosing the pokey for like six months. I forget how much time it was. But every time we would go over there was like some new excuse. See a

New Jersey that put you in New Jersey. They put you in jail for gambling in New York City. They don't give you a ticket. You know, they would give you like a ticket and shit and those days. I don't know what it's like now. This fucking Latoya Jennifer we'd known in New York City. I don't fucking know. My

grandmother was one of the few people I've ever known where I legitimately thought they had intuition says weird intuition. She would do things is real weird. Like, when my mother was a kid, there was a rainstorm, like real bad rainstorm. And for whatever reason, my grandmother decided to wake my mother up, take her out of her bed and bring it downstairs some crazy hunched, yet The ceilings collapse like right above the bed where my mom's sleeping. So like pieces of you know wasn't a lot it was just chunks of plaster, but like you know three or four pretty significant pieces of plaster fell off of the ceiling. It was rain came through it the whole deal of the ceiling gave out somehow or another she had this idea in her head and it could be because she knew that the ceiling was fucked up. And she knew was raining hard. It's probably gonna give in anyway or she might have had intuition. My fault everyone was always convinced it was intuition. Everyone's always convinced like she's a little bit psychic. It was always weird. It was always weird around there. Butter monkey no gentleman in New Jersey. Yes, in northern New Jersey. She had a monkey named chichi and she's you a bite everybody but my grandma my grandfather made it keep the monkey in the attic. Yo my grandma was crazy. She had a monkey would open up packages of gum and chew gum know

how or where the fuck she got it?

I'm telling you my grandma was crazy

Italian people had butchers and they get you anything she kept a gay the pigeon

she kept a monkey in the house man. Do you understand how crazy you remember the monkey? Yes. Chichi the monkey stain was cheeky bite. You never bit maybe he bit my sister. He bit my sister. Yeah, chichi would fuck you up? I think he bit my sister. I think he tried to bite my sister I think was one of those things. He might have been my cousin. Someone on our family got bit what? touched him? Inside Yeah, she was crazy.

And once you give no disrespect, but once you give those lunatics that option that they do have intuition. You're done. You're fucking done. They start giving you the fish eyes. Dude. Don't do shit. You gotta listen to

her cooking was from another planet. from another planet. It was like pure immigrant cooking. Like the pasta, the lasagna. You just sit there and go Holy shit. Just perfect. Just knew exactly what's supposed to be in there. She'd bake her own like she would make her own macaroni should make her own ravioli. She would stuff her own ravioli. She'd be out there rolling and flattening out flower and shit. Throwing the flower on top of flatten it out. She was a wizard. So

he's you get a monkey call it chi TC gotta respect a little monkey and keep it hid the other respect for grandma.

My grandma was a special lady. She was powerful. Yeah, once

you give those like I listened when I was a kid man. I went to my buddy's Judo school. I didn't join. I just went down there to see what it was like. And it was hidden in Union City. It was on Seventh Street. But I knew that my stepdad played cards on Ninth Street on Wednesday. Wow. Okay, I knew my stepdad played cards down and they play Baccarat. Okay, and they gamble in this little club. And I had to be maybe 10 But because I grew up how I grew up with the numbers. I always had my eyes out as a kid. When I went to judo that met at the end I got in the bus to go back and I noticed unmarked police cars. And I went home that night and Look bro you know made dog. Get Christie love used to be a show on ABC about a black chick that knew martial arts and tried to capitalize on it with a sister. And she was good looking with an afro when she was a cop. As she come in and do karate moves on Wednesday nights. At nine or 10 o'clock you caught me at home watching get crusty low. And I figured that my stepdad was leaving that night. And for some reason I know you're gonna play back and he looked at me he was getting dressed a suit on. Yeah, like the Billy bad suit on and you're gonna play cards or five bed, why you get dressed to the nines, right? And I said to him, I said, Hey, man. Today I went down there to go to Martin's Judo school and I saw a bunch of unmarked cars down there. If I was you, I wouldn't go out to that. And he fucking just looked at me. He said, I love you. And he walked down the stairs. He got in the car started to open the garage bro. And 10 minutes later, I heard the car turn off and the garage closed and he came up and he goes I think you're right. And he made Sundays for me and him. And next morning that card place got raided so now they would listen to me. I had these fucking morons under my spouse. But you want me to tell you what else I did Joe Rogan like this is me and like me and my stepdad had this weird relation. I got to an age where I wanted my mother for myself. You know what the feeling is drive and we've all gone through it. When you lose a dad and your mom remarries. There comes a day that he's not going to tell you what's going on anymore. And you know what? I just want you to know that I'm the motherfucker that runs just join. You might be sleeping with my mom but I On this motherfucker, so once I gave him that advice like it really, for a while they him and I would go on a float. I kept stealing his coins from the Santos. He had the st. Lazarus thing, and that was everything to him. So he had this big bottle of like Scotch that was empty, and he would put silver dollars in there. And I would steal him. And from time to time, he would come home and go that bothers looking like somebody stealing my car. I destroyed his mind for years, because he was a very particular man. So he had different bundles of money. I'll tell you something. I respect them today because I saw him get out of the joint. And I saw what he did with bookmaking and how he became partners on a butcher shop. And he started businesses, he started different businesses. So after I saved this that night with the baccarat he would listen to me. And then one day I went, and I, I'd signed up for BT basketball in Union City. And they used to give you know, like, now you signed your kid up, you got to pay $80 And right in those days, you just show up on an address. Right? And they gave you a t shirt, they put you on the team and they gave me a number that sent a UNICEF at the Department of Recreation and was a purple shirt. My number was 57 I walked in the house and he goes, what do you got there? And I go, I joined the basketball thing. And he goes, what numbers he goes 57 Cubans again, a very superstitious 57 He goes, put a number on that. And he picked up the phone. I go five, he called some guy and he goes give me 557 For $10 Guess what happened Joe Rogan when the number came up? No, I really had him under my spell right the fuck I had this motherfucker at the age of 12. So he would listen to me. How old was the guy? I stepfather one at the time. Was 47 did not drink imagine did not drink did not do drugs carry the straight razor Joe Rogan straight razor to cut people in sight he used to cut use the web carpenter pants with the straight raise at this point. The guy had money. He would have a gold chain. He were a Chinese t shirt, which a lot of people do not know what it is. That's what real pimps were that silk handmade shirts from China that you wear and they have three little buttons when when you're a real motherfucking speck. You cut those buttons and you get your initials and you put them in gold with diamonds in it. That's how specs random those days. Well. And once I had them there, Joe Rogan, I had him. He trusted me he trusted my eyes. So one night we're in Union City and I fucking went somewhere on the walk back. There's a place called pastoral music and it was next to the new moon Chinese restaurant. And I saw a bunch of unmarked cars. And I never forget that I went back to the bar and he got I told him I said dog I saw three on my like I had him right and I go I seen three on my cars up the corner he was very always getting a phone. Even though he was a bookmaker. He never used the phone Joe Rogan never use the phone and he would never have a conversation close to a phone. This is because he always felt he didn't not unlike phones. He did everything like a pigeon his he would write the numbers on a little piece of paper real small, and fold them up and put them in his hat. And if he ever saw cops, he would just eat a piece of paper. He didn't give a fuck. He always had a piece of paper somewhere close. Sometimes you put it in his ring. This motherfucker was a savage though. Oh my god. So that might the cops were gonna jump on this on the bar. But it was for a drug thing. It wasn't for him. But when I went back I told him Listen, the cops are off the coin. I mean him he grabbed me by the hand and him and I walked from 29th and Bergen line to 58 and Bergen line down the Hudson telling different bar owners that there was going to be a red light that's how untrustworthy he was, uh, phones. When by the time we got back to the BOC, we got raided and there was a dude there his name was more Nina. Right more Nina is those those crazy Cubans that OB ACWA mo Nina means good man like yeah, the OB ACWA then they don't be pissy and then delete policy and they fucking you can't fuck around with animals because the same Lazar

and all that they have a very specific religion. Yeah, they have their

manhood. They were longshoreman in Cuba. They maintain order. Fuck up, they come over and fuck you up there. But he had a wig. I'll never forget this. The guy mo Nina had a wig and the cops were there. And they threw him and I'm like 12 dog. I'm up against the wall. Me doing this searching my stepdad. They got my mom and they went to mo Nina. And I searched some in the complex that his work and he checked the wig. And they pulled the wig off and he had a little aluminum foil. Oh my God, that's a Larry that whole bookmaking numbers world is fucking nuts that I grew up in. I love it still. I love I wonder what it's like. There's no business. Well, it's

unfortunate because you think about how many bets are placed. Oh, Jesus

Christ. I mean, there's so much money so much

money out there. People love to gamble fucking games when games are on people love to gamble. What

do you think is spent this weekend? Jamie? Come on, Jamie. My question

Joey. Like, why is that a problem? Like what? What's helping us by letting them regulate that shit? Like, why? Why does that why do you have to have a license to gamble? Why? If you think someone's not paying their taxes and you can prove it is it because it's money it's cash that's been thrown around mostly like what why is that an issue the government's got not getting their piece it seems ridiculous that grown adults could tell other grown adults they can't gamble but you can hear but you can't there

Oh gambling is one of those things like legalization of marijuana. Legalization of fucking cocaine like legalization of anything bro. You don't want there's going to be fucking winners and there's going to be fucking losers. Two years ago, Connecticut did a did an expose day on 60 minutes about women who have just lost their fucking minds gambling at Mohegan Sun because they installed no no disrespect the Mohegan Sun a casino industries. They installed these type of slot machines that could just fuck what your mind why so these women were going down there and losing fucking mortgages, houses, you know,

that was like a John Waters movie the dog, dog. It was just something

that listen to listen, to get something out of the way. The biggest percentage of degenerate gamblers are usually women. Let's look this fucking percentage up here. Women go fucking deep. It's a fucking hole. They don't give a fuck about nothing. They they fucking play college. Women fucking bang it out. Wow. And they bang it out while you're at work Joe Rogan while I'm at work, they start with a horse. Then they go to this, you know, those little tours? They do and Jersey wouldn't if they went you know, when Atlantic City was Atlantic City, you went to Union City, right? You pay 15 bucks to get on a bus. They gave you a coupon book and when you get to Atlantic City, and then 15,000 quarters back, so that basically driving you to fucking gamble and drive back. I believe in gambling. I believe in making a living. I believe that it's an itch. It's an illness, whatever, but when you're losing your house, there's got that's where I want to know where that's where it bothers me. It's just like, Okay, it's just like a drug abuse. It's just like the opiate problem. It just I can't even find anything else. It could fucking it. You and I both know people who have lost their fucking lives gambling, okay, you've seen people in pool halls. You see how they get Joe Rogan? There's no difference in the drug addict and the gambling addict. No difference. No difference. There.

It's just a scary too, because they're conscious. It's like if you see the drug addict, you see him he's shooting up or whatever it is, and you see him fainting. You go oh, that poor bastard. But when you see a guy who's fully in the grips of gambling, trying to figure out how to make get his money back, he's all jazzed up with adrenaline. He doesn't understand Wi

Fi. There's countless like Michael Jordan in this game was like Joey Diaz does gamblers who have the means to gamble. And that is a fucking killer. Also, like Michael Jordan, like Michael Jordan, and I'm not saying nothing bad about Michael Jordan. accusations that you hear that he even bets on his own one on one basketball games. He was very competitive. Oh, yeah. But now how Joey Diaz was doing it, not how people Charles

Barkley lost nearly $30 million gambling it says Yeah. goes he's is Charles.

Joey, how much money is

chomedey? How many people that you grew up with? That will like Joey Diaz did not have the means that were 19 years old. Yeah. Okay, and one night they put a 10 time betting on a fucking knick game and they want $50 When you're 19 $50 is a lot of fucking money. That's a lot of fun. So now you think you got the world by the ball. So you do it again on Friday, Saturday. And now you enter this world, Joe Rogan that gets dark. It's it's instead of the drug addiction or the alcohol addiction every morning you wake up like is today my lucky day. It's like the people who go to the 711 every day, and you're trying to just get a pack of rolling papers. You're just in a rush. You just left a Jitsi you just want to roll in papers and water. There's a guy in front of you, and he's telling you give me three six Yeates for 64 hours. And this poor fucking whatever gives them 20 lottery tickets. And it's $118 This is what this guy's doing every day seven fucking days a week my friend and a Biden he might be winning 200 hours a fucking week. But every week he's getting deeper and deeper into a fucking hole. Because in your mind you think today's your lucky day, and it's never you like I was in that hole when I was 19 dog and I saw a friend lose 80,000 When you're 18 years old, and he had to get three jobs and I never really fuck with that again. I learned that addiction that should left my world early, you know, was a degenerate loser gambler who John Gotti he wanted because they brag, right? That's that conversation

in mind. They may

get away from me. You know, I have no fucking idea. If I had fucking Michigan in the hook, I would have made 30,000 They lose at 90 200,000 a weekend that the system is designed to bury the degenerate gambler like from from August 15

Look at this John Gotti secret obsession that weighed 600 bets in Scrabble and a $3,000 monopoly buy in

you have no idea guys did the generous for like eight for like seven months. I played this fucking ugly game gel that I would start I knew the action. I knew that you had to bet on Monday nights and try to win and you know what I lost every week. And all these people will sell you information. Listen, arch Lisa. Played the fucking game last Pete Rose bet and lost even Michael Jordan bet loss yeah, there's rumors that that's why he was asked to play baseball for a few years because there was a cover up again. I did not write this this is just things I hear on the road. Everybody has a fucking boba gambling grabs you fucking weird bro. Weird. And it grabbed me for a long time. I kept thinking that was the day and I kept betting 40 times.

What's up Jim?

If they had a problem playing Scrabble they would call up the Parker Brothers hotline Nick mobsters would to dispute the rules and have them explain what those What's the fucking

law means you lemania is a word is playing is a word Joe. Stop means it is not a word stop. Mink is the word wiki. But wiki wiki dude, he told you guys to stop me. That's why they would get into arguments about garbage man, real word garbage man cafe. You know. Gambling is a fucking nightmare. And once you get caught in the web, and you and Joe Rogan shuts me down, then I start putting bets with Jamie. And then pretty soon I start plucking dipping into accounts. And pretty soon now you're done. Now you get forced into a bad head.

I told you that I was a backer on the road for a while my friend Johnny B. When I started making money doing stand up, I put together a little bankroll, and me and him would go places and gamble. And he would win or lose. You know, sometimes he'd win sometimes lose. But it was just being an action was fun. You know, that kind of gambling. I was never good enough to like play those guys. But I could play like people that will like my level. And you'd bet like 20 bucks or maybe you want to get crazy bet like 50 bucks. I never bet like a lot of money gambling on pool, but it makes you think more makes you play like way more serious. It's good for your game. And if you can have a friendly sparring partner, they play like friendly games, like maybe a race to seven for 20 bucks. So it's cost you probably in any city pool halls. I don't know what the rate is per hour, but they gotta be like at least 24

once and for all. I want you to break it down for me. I walk into a pool hall with Jamie Yeah, I got 10 G's cash in my pocket. Jamie's my main man, how do I exactly make money? And why is it that the people in the room pass money around? And how does that money get dispersed? It

was real simple. Everybody puts like you put in I'm in for 100 families my boy like it depends on who's putting it together because they might decide to just pooling all their money like everybody put it in on one side pull in money. And you know and back this guy, or they might be betting on the side they might not even be playing the game. There's always side bets side bets are probably more like if you had a bet if you had like a big pool game, right? You know, there used to be a place called Win West End billiards I think in New Jersey, West End I think it was called we'll see if you find West End billiards. It was a world famous pool. We would take the drive from, from New York to go down in New Jersey to this famous pool hall that would have these like serious high level professionals play there. And real high level hustlers from all over the country would go there for big money games. You go there and watch people play for $5,000 $10,000 mean the best in the world. We'd be there all the time. I got to play against some of the best in the world. They killed me, but I got to play again against them. Like real good. Let's get to the tournament. You and I are in the tournament and you are Efrain Ray is the greatest of all time. Or Earl Strickland or Johnny Archer and I'm just Joe Rogan, I barely could play it doesn't matter. I put my money up. I entered the tournament. I can play against you guys. It's a huge huge like we have to get invited

so that there's Joey Diaz come on the side and go listen, I'm putting three to one odds on this. Sure. Some people that's aside, yes. Hi, that's all I don't know how the pool got 100

bucks on Archer. You know, you'd never seen this Diaz kid play, I got 100 on Diaz and dudes, I'll take that, I'll take that. And then you just work it out. And everybody works it out. But when sometimes guys will get together and back somebody to like say if you gotta like a friend, it's a really good player. And this guy is coming in from out of town, and he wants to take a crack at him. Well, he wants to play 100 hour sets. Okay, and then you have to think how many barrels do we have you pull your money together? Okay, we got four barrels. That means if he wants to play sets, we can lose four times. So you have to be able to lose a couple gain a couple. Like if you're going to really play a guy out, these guys would play for 1012 hours, they would keep going back and forth and back and forth. It's crazy. Like I've seen guys, and you would see him the next day they'd still be playing. You go there in the morning, they'd be playing all through the night. I don't know what the fuck they were on. Most likely some sort of amphetamines that was a big thing in the pool world for a while, guys would just break each other with gambling. It would just it would be about who quits it wouldn't be about who won. It's very rarely about like you know, like you would you'd be you would be frowned upon highly if you left on top so if you're ahead by 500 bucks and you want to quit me and I'm still ready ready to keep playing I still got more money man let me win my money back if you just walked away nope, I've got what I wanted I'm going to leave now like that would be you'd be what's called bad

action but guys I got two kids and how to get up to seven and go through the pool all

motherfucker with two kids you're not playing that kind of pool there ain't nobody with two kids playing that level pool in pool halls like gambling pool maybe now there are there's actually a few guys I take that back there's a few guys with kids that are top of the food chain

because a pool hall mile from my house whenever I get whenever I go into Hollywood now I can't do okay no more so I gotta go the long way. And I get off on victory just to see it fucking always fell with degenerates. I'm petrified to pull in there are some

places we're home to me.

He's always what I'm talking about right next to the strip club.

Is that on victory

right when you exit that there's a strip club right next to a wall. Well,

I know the only good one in this area Washington to the only good one the only good one I know of his house of billiards in Sherman Oaks. I like this area.

Have you been great you bid on the one on one have you seen what that place? Is that where you took me there a couple of times to eat we did comedy there. Remember Hollywood billiards you took me there? Yeah, it's fucking a building. What is it now? Go there next time. What does it look like? I don't know. Next time I drove by and I was like, oh my god that used to be we did comedy that too. Deal with Aria. We

played pool there a bunch a bunch of times that place was

fucking done. That whole area is completely that's where I'm at

Crazy Max are really? Really Yeah, like that. Dude can play some fucking pool. Ooh.

So when you play Max separately how much you have to put up guys to put him on a one hour get

tortured. You would have to bet like that I would go to you're never gonna bet on me. Like a guy like Max Eberly. He's top of the food chain as far as his technique and delivery. He can win a world championship tournament. Like legitimately he's that good? I have no chance. Like if we played 12 games, I might win a couple. I might get lucky and win a few. Maybe I'll win four. He's gonna win way more. He's gonna get to 12 for sure quicker. It'd be a terrible bet. The bet would be how many games do I get to? That'd be the bet. If you say you'll never get past three because a guy like Max I believe can run 10 racks in a row. And I'm not exaggerating. I've seen him do it. Blam breaks, runs 10 racks in a row but to the point where you're sitting there he did it in Vegas. We were all hanging out I think was man was an RA I forget who came with me.

Actually I forget the time place.

Yes, that place is amazing. And that's exactly what Max Max is playing. He would break and run out on guys and they would just get frustrated. They'd be like what the fuck man they just get didn't get to shoot We watched him he was gambling some guy. And when the set was over, the guy was just pissed off. Because matches would miss it was crazy. Just watch him. He's playing a guy that really just wanted to take a chance and play like a top of the food chain guy and gamble with them. But just watching the difference between a kid who can play a little pool is pretty good. Versus a world championship caliber pool players are so precise. Like his technique is so clean and his angles are perfect. And he's just effortlessly effortlessly moving the cue ball on the table to where he wants it. He sees clusters and problems way in advance and breaks them up. It's so high level. That's my boy. That's Max Abberley. He taught me how to play pool. Not that it didn't already play it before I met him, but he taught me how to play it way better way better. He made my game way more technical. He was explaining things that I was just guessing before and he was explaining what was wrong with my approach and like what was that what's a better way to do it? He's a wizard when it comes to technique. Now he

can make a living going from pool hall to pool hall. No way because he's that good?

Well, he's an artist too. Fortunately for Max he he makes pretty cool artwork like a lot see some of its probably on his Instagram pull cubes or something. No, no, no, no.

That does poke us poke you somebody along the way. Said he makes like fucking eight G Polk Jr, ivory.

Eric Chris. That's my boy Eric.

So

that's what I play with. I play with his cue. His cue is he's a wizard man. He's a guy who's like really into like the grains of woods. He's really into like patterns and he thinks of like to him. Wood is like mesmerizing, he finds like the most beautiful pieces of wood and combines them together and they have to have a certain harmonic frequency. Like he drops him on a cement floor just like dank, dank clay he wants to hear a certain sound from the wood otherwise he won't use it. He's like finding logs on the side of the highway and shit and recognizing some weird hardwood that no one's ever used before it he cuts it up and makes a cue out of it so wizard like his chooser free to any he doesn't give a fuck. He makes as many as he wants. He will you know sometimes you don't make them for a while. Makes them first friends. Well let me pay for one after I have to pay for everything. Just to not feel terrible. He's like the nicest guy ever. Play some fucking pool too.

So I don't even know when this podcast started and Zod against it's happened but it's funny before we started we're talking about yeah 4.8 billion Oh my god

3% will happen and divides it only 3% So most of it online online is that Chris Christie thing you pulled up earlier Jamie

listen G online and banks banks there's still people who are like, you know, they have they got a ton of loot.

Chris Christie goes to the Supreme Court on sports betting is he trying to get sports betting legalized? They

passed something in New Jersey I think in 2011 to allow betting and sports but it's still in Las Vegas because of the whatever law there is back

on your team Chris. All right. So he has a supreme I have a few problems. But we all do

17 states also with him on this, I think they want to do it.

So he want he opposed it or he they want it again,

they want betting again because they have an NHL team in Vegas. And that's always been like the logic is that there'll be some issue whatever can't be betting where their sports being played. Because someone will throw the

game. Everybody should be able to bet every city she'll do whatever you want. You're gonna say Yeah, exactly.

Man we're gonna talk to you gonna do

these games though. The I'm fascinated by this game. She's here hypnotized ladies into going crazy losing all their their money 60

minutes, the whole whole piece on these games that are like laser ish. You know, and people will actually put the percentage was higher amongst women, because of its so let me explain something. You know, it just, it's like video games, like gambling. It's very fucking so

addictive, like a video game. Gambling very good.

So that's what that beef was to remove these type of games, because I'm telling you since I was a kid, I always I first off. I lived with my mother. She had a lot of problems. She had a lot of great issues. But she was a degenerate gambler on baseball. Between the Boston Red Sox and the New York Mets, they killed it. They killed and I saw the decline. I saw what I saw a person watch two baseball games at the same time. Remember, in those days, you didn't have split screen and direct TV. So if you were Puerto Rican, you took one TV and you put it on top of the other TV and you got Fox and NBC in your head. Cable when it came with the cord, remember when HBO still had the cord to the fucking thing. And it was a thing with a box that you pressed, and you switch three levels. In those days, maybe there was no edit and there was no ABA package or NBA branch. You got like one other game. So we would pray that would be the Boston Red Sox. And she would watch both fucking games and gamble at the same time. Not not even that the numbers. If she had a dream about a goat, if she had a dream about going back to Cuba, that's bam. So my family if she had a dream about seeing her daughter band, it was a number. They would call her, they would call her at a quarter three, because she had all that all those contacts. So that was that gambling then there was then there was the track addiction, which started at Aqueduct in the afternoon. If the sun was shining, that was an excuse to go to Aqueduct from my mother. Let me go to Aqueduct not say you had three after school, and she'd be there at three. But the whole time she'd be scratching, because the Meadowlands started at eight. She knew she'd catch the Meadowlands at eight. So guess what happens then if you lose the eight o'clock Meadowlands you haul your ass to Yonkers, with the death of death. This is where you go to before you go to a pool on the side of your blood. You got to Yonkers raceway. Do you understand me? Have you ever been to Yonkers raceway? Yeah, we've done a quarter to one, where do you think you're going? You either going to sell your soul or give you a blood see go shoe pool? Because you're saving the day? You cannot go home and loser?

Right? Right. There's

all day gambling, oh my god. So that was her thing. So I also grew up in an Italian family, that the mother was a joke. It was like a fucking act. It was like an act. She had three kids. They were tremendous kids. I knew the husband. He worked for a big corporation. They drove a nice car, they went to church. But on Saturdays, when I go over there, I will always go Asian mom, they go. My mom plays cars with the with the Rogan's, and, and this name. But why as I got older, one day, somebody said to me, don't be careful when you go over there, why? They might shoot that lady in the head. She was like six. I mean, when I was a kid, I was like 13. And somebody came from and they said, be careful when you go with it. Because the moms a little bit on those card games. And as I got home,

scared for your life from a card game match been scared for your life. Well,

it was a different game. That's how they saw you. And so a lot of the people now I also grew up with men degenerate gamblers, when I know all the symptoms, I know the itch. This this thing on 60 minutes just spoke about this addiction with a computer thing with women. That was it. That was really interesting. But I know how it fucking creeps up on you. It's not a couple of years ago. It's

called slot machines, the big gamble.

So it's just slot machines in general.

They have slot machines, computer ones, yes. They have an

effect on women in particular. Maybe man the fuck up ladies. How about that?

No dog.

Here's my take on this whole gambling thing. Like you remember horse betting in New York. Like you'd go the horse you go off track, but yeah, it was right there.

Right there. They made that for a reason. Yeah.

I mean, they're just trying to make it legal. This is legal commodities is legal. It's

not legal. It's to take a piece. Yeah, no, I'm saying what that piece? Have you been to a medical marijuana store recently? No, I haven't. Okay, what are they like, if it's $60 Your tab is now $76. Because the tax it's $16 in taxes if you buy something for $60. The

thing about weed though, is it goes so far. Think about how much like $100 where the weed goes. You could be on the moon for three days. For three days. Buy they're

gonna sell those 200 milligram stars to people go down the fucking and wow, the DEA comes in and shuts them down. They don't give a fuck. That's to like if you're on Ventura Boulevard, you gotta be really cool. Because you're done.

I don't think there's anything wrong with having a limit on the number of milligrams if that's gonna keep it legal. It's in that's also

market. Market. That's it. You know how much it costs. You know how much it's going to cost the stars at that dude to stay open? How much a half a mil? Oh my God, because it's 70 grand just for the license cheap money. They take that they take that paper up front. They're like Led Zeppelin. They're like Peter grip 1975

The economy's gonna improve and they're still gonna kill Oh, no,

no. He's gonna improve economies. I'll tell you what, how much are they gonna take right off the top? Bang. They looked at Colorado's thing and said, Listen, we'll cover that with steroids. We'll come in and with THD forget what they're doing. Listen, we're doing just a set shop now. We don't care have you been in business of not just the setup shop, we got to get a piece of the actual wouldn't

be fine if they just they worked deals out with banks and made it easy and acceptable for these guys to be exempt put them right. And a lot of places it wasn't they were dealing in cash they hired especially in Colorado in the early days, they had to hire a lot of like spec ops guy loves and Spec Ops. Like I know what the fuck I'm talking about. Sounds cool. They would hire like former seals and shit. And they would have to carry the the money to the bank because everybody knew there was like giant sums of cash. So it made it very dangerous. They weren't allowing them to use banks or credit cards rather. They weren't allowing them to you know, sell we would credit cards, but they're selling weed and credit cards in LA medical, the hot and the 90 the hot

store. When you turn me on to my license, the hot store at the time, which they're not they're no more. That dude at the height of it was walking out every day with 25 gram by himself and wife. Wow, that's dangerous. He was it. But you know what, he was just dumb as fuck when the DA came and have that cash in the safe right then and then they just moved on.

I know a guy got shot. He was a really nice guy. And he used to work at the Tanglewood Wellness Center. And this is the early days of the medical legalization. It was like I want to say it's like somewhere around 299 somewhere somewhere in that range. 2009. And he apparently was coming out with a big bag gash and someone shot him right in the stomach. That took his money.

They didn't take care of them took all the cash.

There was nothing to hire people you had to hire. You got to hire

people. You know, I see I see amateur mistakes. Yeah, I saw this. I see amateur mistakes constantly. For example, the store I'm talking about. He lost he lost everything Joe wrote and we always say well, he lost everything. He would any weed he got this guy was an exotic guy himself. Like he was ahead when you're ahead you love when somebody brings you. So he bought as much as he could. I love that expression. I had, he was ahead. Nobody uses that. They don't use that anymore. So what he would do is when you walked into this place, he would have 60 weeds on the wall. And he kept all his weed on the property. When the feds came, it was like stealing. He had everything there. Everything was there. Why didn't they open? You have to have an apartment and you have to have an amount amount. Six ounces is all you should have one week. If Jamie comes in and he wants eight ounces. Give me 10 minutes I got a pigeon that'll bring it over him 5 million right across the street and I got a little apartment with a stash that you have a couple of safes you have to if the cops ain't gonna let you deposit you gotta be fucking creative. If you read all these guys stories, the hardest Joe Rogan you any questions. The hardest thing is what to do with all the cash. Think about that problem genre assuming that it's a real problem. No, no think about this room filled with a lot of what was the movie? I just went oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no. I just on a plane you got when you're on a plane, and Tom Cruise is on you gotta give him the benefit of the doubt. Oh, I got another bulletin me. I watched the Barry seal thing. How was it? It's not an Academy Award winner. But it's very interesting when we're just burying money Joe Rogan for millionaires shot like me you are a yard like bearing money like a suitcase with $100 bills falling out of it. And you don't give a Frenchmans fuck. I

was wanting to know this Snopes this did Barry seal die with George Bush's phone number in his pocket? That's fair. We said and he died. They shot him on the way to the trial with George Bush his phone number in his pocket.

Oh, he was top notch that guy yeah, it all he seen it bro. He took pictures of them loading a fucking plane in Nicaragua with Escobar and the top aide in Nicaragua. They had him by the fucking balls no matter what I used that took balls fuck and they fucked him in the ass. They told him that they wouldn't release the pictures. Then they released a pictures which was douchey that's why the guy got shot. That's fucked up. They should have taken him in hidden to me fuck is

interesting though. This fascinated that guy. That's a 100% assassination in connection to some sort of illegal government.

There was the fucking Co Op was illegal when he talked about that was Escobar buried a message they had

a deal where Barrick seals could land though, right? Like it wasn't part of the thing was with the people on the ground on the ground that was in MENA But

here's the problem. This is where Eddie Bravo comes in. Right? They were landing in those Everglades and don't quote me on that he broke it down for me and somebody else broke it down for me to be honest with you. And they were allowing that your boys clock Clinton clock, that's, that's that's that theory the whole always be as drops out right?

Because the truth is fascinating. The truth is two boys were murdered. And the coroner the official report they gave to the parents was that they had fallen asleep on the train tracks. So the parents pay for some sort of an autopsy. And it's revealed that the kid had been stabbed, and that one of them had been stabbed. And then they find out that around that same area was where those guys would drop their drugs before they landed, they would parachute down their drugs. They would they would like and they would land. And these guys, they would drop points where they would put their shit and then someone else would come by and pick it up on the ground. You got caught, right. And these kids apparently saw something they weren't supposed to see. So they fucking murdered these kids with knives and then the coroner was all in on it. So they had to conduct some sort of independent so that is what got this whole Barry seals thing going. It was this lady trying to figure out this parents trying to figure out what happened to their kids. You know, Joe fucking crazy story we have

to imagine, okay, that these guys were getting, you know, let's just draw a number. I mean, I'm just an idiot, but let's just draw number they were probably getting $4,000 per kilo. What would they put on those planes? And then we're sending five of those planes over a day and dropping them in Louisiana. This one listen, and I told you 1000 times in the podcast, and 83 They found the bear dead next to a duffel bag filled with cocaine and Aspen Colorado in the mountains. Because they were dropping the fucking coke in the mountains very bad. Wait the coke and he fucking odd?

Oh, what does it say? Okay, Barry seal, seal it organize a sting operation where he managed to get photographs of Pablo Escobar, helping Nicaraguan soldiers to load 1200 kilos of cocaine onto a seat by 23 military planes. Soon afterwards, Reagan went on television with the photograph to denounce Sandinistas as drug smuggling corrupting dot, dot dot.

That's how much he was getting for that.

1,800,000 for one fucking low.

Now, here's the tricky thing. Here's what here's what really pisses me the fuck off? That I've seen Narcos. And I see everything but now this is your uncle Joe he talking to you Joe Rogan, please show me the good side of Pablo Escobar. No, no, I'm not gonna know. There's no good side to Pablo Escobar in St. Louis Harvey Weinstein. This is a story that we have never brought up. But you have to assume okay. You see all these shows? And the whole fucking thing? And they were in bed? For sure. With Nicaragua? Yeah. Now who else was embedded in Nicaragua?

Let me ask you this. Do you think that it is the actual CIA? Or people? Or if it when it was let's not even say CIA? DEA, FBI made a bunch of fucking letters put them together? Is it the actual organization? whichever one it is? That's bringing it in? Are they complicit? Or are they're just cowboys? See, the theory has always been that there's been these few cowboys corrupt guys, maybe they get too close to drug deals, to quote close to the drug deal. And then sometimes they get seduced, like, because there's many, many stories of undercover undercover cops getting seduced by the actual lifestyle of being a criminal. Young kids, they probably did a little crime themselves here or there. They see some cops doing some dirty shit. They see him some guy, you know, there was a thing that came out about was it Baltimore, what is the city where cops had came out and trial, they had kept toy guns on them to plant at the scene of a crime. Like if they just decide to shoot

a fucking toy talking to the big picture the big world picture as an intelligent individual as you are. The player was playing in sample, the CIA wanted a piece of their action. And the DEA was tricked into going down in a really controlled war. You can't be this not I'm not saying you as an American, you can't be this dumb. So all the research that we've done, right, all the research that we've done with general noit he was in on the package with battery seal, the whole fucking thing and here's where it gets even deeper. Let's talk about the deepness of that that nobody ever even looked at. And you have to think of because I heard this story 1000 times. There was a guy by the name of Carlos laid there that he got crazy. You know, they show him getting this dicks up on the radio, in Colombia and everything and all these TV shows no, he was on an island, snorting coke with long hair, talking like Jim Morrison and having fucking threesomes and the fuck come in and as you said, your Rogen didn't make a boy escape. Tetra alcoholic, because they were anyway.

But they weren't serious man. They were very nervous in the presence of a guy like that

lay dead said in front of Congress that he was getting 800,000 He was given Fidel 800,000 A shipload to come in on the his flag at the time she

imagined being in the presence of Fidel Castro just being in his presence. Like if he was, you know, in his prime if you're in the room with him in his prime knowing how he ran Do you have no he

took it over? You have no idea maybe he would be annoyed this terrifying to be a Cuban American. You have to hate the guy. I have to hate him. But as a man that thinks you have to see what his path was crazy again. That's where my man TJ Inglis comes in with a van and Nocturne to the revolution. How he started it three different places at once. The revolution it just wasn't eight monkeys that put on gorilla suits and went on to mount a cube, right. He came to Jersey first got arrested, went to Tampa got arrested. He was already passing out flyers. They always confuse Lee Harvey I was well no, it wasn't Lee Harvey given up pamphlets. It was Fidel Castro given that's a joke. Please don't quote the CIA. It's a joke. I'm not writing. Yeah. Fidel Castro was in Union City, New Jersey. I can't tell you the dates back. I have my friend call into the podcast and tell you the story about Fidel talking to his mother on a daily when she would wait to get on the bus. She was an Irish girl in Union City. If she goes I know Fidel in 1952. in Union City,

just think of what he did to the Italians. He kicked everybody out. Fuck because casino your casinos mine now it was a

very brilliant movie started in the mountains. He fucking he, you know, he just took all the little villages. There. No. And then he changed the minds. Because first of all, it wasn't an easy thing. For them to do. Batista was really fucking the country. He had really divided the country. You have no idea what racism was till you were in Cuba in 1955. Black people weren't allowed in casinos. You have no idea. These poor people today everybody's crying about you have no idea what black rights were in Cuba for those black fucking people. They got no rights. So those people were poor. There was such a high level of that. You see all these people dancing. But on the other side, there was fucking famine, like people were fucking dying. So they wanted to change. Fidel came in there as a hero. First of all, he came in as Cuba was going to change. But then he switched it on. And he aligned with Russia, and he became a communist. That's what made it worse. That's what made it worse. Racism and hunger has always existed in Cuba. It did that that was the problem that they always showed that party side of Cuba. But that other side of the island Oh, that was people starving. Wow. And Batista Come on. But these

aren't they keep up the tobacco production. That

I don't know. I don't know. I was still thinking that Joey but

now all that they had the best cigars in the world, but

that people complain and now that they're not the same cigars. Some people

are complaining but a lot of people getting frauds. Apparently, apparently when you buy Cuban cigars from untruths, on trusty people, you could definitely get some fake because

now they're talking about how the soil isn't rich. Like people go there's

an expert. Oh, Bobby Kelly. Bobby Kelly is a real expert. Like he was on our show fears podcast, they were talking about cigars. Bobby Kelly really knows his shit like he was he was going in depth about how many fake cigars there are and how he can even kind of taste a fake cube and he smoked so many cigars. And he thought maybe one of ours was fake. It might be fake night deals. No, I think this is real. I did this. Like it's like he's like that discerning about that shit. Hmm. There's a lot of weird freaks when it comes to cigars. Like people are super into them. They get sick. They get you high as fuck to. This is something that people aren't talking about. You smoke a cigar you're like, ooh, that's there's so much nicotine in

that you had the Cuban coffee to it. Oh my god. It's how the process is supposed to go down with the Cuban coffee. That's a cigar. And you go deep, deep, deep. Yeah. And you only need a little taste of an edible and a half hour and you'll be there you'll get the jack

Chappelle smokes it with sometimes with cigarettes in it. We did it the other night in the back of the Comedy Store with cigarette and tobacco.

We've done it a couple of times with th So

yeah, whoo. You get elevated. It was it was interesting. I got

one time from San Francisco to Reno. One time from San Francisco to Reno, Doug the cops were looking for me in San Francisco. And you go down to the any of those tourist districts, and they have like a bus that'll take you to Reno so I just jumped on the bus to Reno with his check. And this is 1985 and was sitting on the bus. And there's this Egyptian kid I never forget this. And the back of that you could smoke on the bus in those days cigarettes. So he had rolled a blunt with hash and tobacco in it. And I had never done that before guys, I'm not gonna lie. I had never even I took two hits to that fucking thing though. I had a puke in that bathroom. I got high as fuck. But that combination together that tobacco this weed. Yeah, Ash. He had the real jolly that's a bit much for Uncle Joe. He's the

first time I ever smoked a spliff with with Charlie Murphy. Charlie Murphy rolled them is cousin Richard roll on to Charlie to roll he would that was he would take Swisher Sweets old school, you know, any kind of cigar paper and they would turn it into a joint with a cigar paper, which is like you inhale weed. You never really inhaled those cigars. You just kind of get them in your mouth and you taste it and you blow it out. But when you take a drag a weed, you open your lungs up and fill your lungs to the smoke. Cigar smokes too harsh for that. You don't don't don't smoke like that. For the most part. Most people don't. But when you do it with pot you do. So you get this Karuna easy blast and nicotine and occur Raizy blast a weed and you're like, wow, it's very different than just weed. I

think I smoked Yeah. Last night on the podcast. I took two hits off a friend of mine gave me one of those. I liked those. And it was pretty fucking

scared. I'm scared of us. I'm just kidding. My like the ones with cigarettes in them. I'm scared.

No, no, no, no, no, no smoking. No, no,

I'm not smoking cigarettes. But the ones with cigarettes. And I'm that's an interesting little Hi. It's like, oh, this is a new door to the room. It's interesting.

That's what like smoking but one of the hardest things I ever gave up. was smoking cigarettes after you smoke a joint. Right? That is just pure brilliance. When you hit a fucking joy and you take a little sip of coffee, and after you smoke that do two notes. You light up a Marlboro light is life fucking changing Brown.

I know a lot of people love them after a real good meal.

Well the whole it's the whole package. So my god let me add a meal, a meal, a joint and then a cigarette. And then another cigarette and a cup of coffee on top of that and some dessert. Another cigarette you have no fucking idea cigarettes again. It should please. Everybody. I can't smoke my Tony's hooked. My blood pressure will be 2000 over at

Tony says you can quit anytime now you can.

Fella and you know what? What was the best one out? What I realized was two years ago I shot something and I smoked that night. I asked one of the camera guys let me fucking Give me a cigarette. And that next morning was when I realized how really fucking bad day. You felt

terrible. Oh, how many of you have one to two cigarettes?

Two Marlboro lights. And I was fine that night.

You did one night at a comedy club. And I was like, What the fuck is going on? Every now and then I want to smoke? The fuck?

No, no, I'll never do it again. After that night in Chicago. I'll never do it again.

I took one of Tony's ones before a show. That's interesting. Cigarettes are interesting. Doesn't it does a weird little thing. Yes, it does. Yes, it does. One of the reasons why I did is because I would read something about nootropics and talking about different vitamins like what's good for brain function. And one of the things they said that nicotine nicotine is actually a nootropic. And that they found that some people under the use of tobacco with the use of tobacco, they achieve like a elevated state of like, certain functions of the brain. Like it actually has some sort of a small measurable effect. So it really does stimulate the way your brain works. See

for me, it's different. I have to it's the combination. Yeah, that's for me. Hmm. Like I don't I wouldn't just enjoy right now you say goodbye myself, but the cigarette with the weed but if that coffee was brewing hot right now. And it was maybe 60 degrees outside with a little bit of wind and sunlight. Well, you know, when you stand out in the sun, you're warm, but when you're in the breeze a little cool. Yeah, you go outside, and a good join of some fucking tremendous reef with the sun hitting your face. And you take a nice hit of a cigarette walk combined, or even or even like I like what I do, to a cup of coffee, or pop a fucking number and that alone nicotine gum to give you a little guts, some blood pressure to make blood pressure medication on top of that all together. It all works out. If you take them apart, nothing really happens. I get it but together that's where you put the muffin going. Yeah.

For me, it's a small shot of Jack Daniels and one to two hits of a joint before comments. If

just a little, just a little tap a taste. Yeah, just a

little Yikes. One hit is really preferred. So smart move to hits if you're feeling I do get an idea.

I do the tequila the night. Well. Three points. Not bad.

Oh, what would you weightwatchers? Yeah, but how long are you doing the Weight Watchers? How long have you been? I

started December 9. I went from 309 to 296. Oh, excellent. But you know what, bro? here's the here's the stupid thing. Here's the dumbest thing in the world. I got sick and tired of people saying how clean that diet was. You don't know dick? Until you go to Weight Watchers. Listen to me say with the new weight. Watch. This is your reading. It's different. It's my go check. Oh,

okay. So the chicken

nutritions chicken breast, chicken breast. I come to your house tonight. And you go Joey What do you want me to chicken breasts? Just a marination I gotta watch how you marinated right? Oh gods 0.0 piece of salmon. Zero Gods beans. All types.

Zero corn. Zero. cost money. Or what costs points? beef, beef. Beef does

19. breasted pussies over

No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But if you look at it, if you look at it, bro, check this out. You know you do jujitsu in 30 minutes and 16 Fucking points. They fit it in size.

You add points. Yeah, I

tried thinking about I'm going wait a second guys smart. Wait a second guys any kind of bows. I'm swinging bats. I'm hitting the bag. I'm walking around the park. I'm still gaining weight. Something's not right. So it's the like the butter. I don't use butter. No more I can eat my piece of wheat toast with my eggs. Oh, you ready for this are off

the other way? Ready for this rush? Throwing away that toast and just eating the butter? I

don't know. I gotta have my thoughts. Yeah, but eat the butter. Butter is good for you. Especially if it's grasses.

I get a yo Yos are great. Yeah, I eat like, you know, egg whites and I cut around them. You had a

bit about that? No, no. There's a thing in the news yesterday where they're saying that people only eating egg whites is a tremendous health deserve sight.

Listen, five years ago, it don't take a fucking moron to take 20 years ago, nobody was getting concussions. Nobody was getting soft. Nobody was getting their feelings hurt, especially men. All of a sudden, I saw people started eating egg whites. And I saw a big rise in people having a hard time getting their wives pregnant. All of a sudden, I saw commercials about erectile dysfunction. Men never talked about having men talked about dog I did some blow the other night. And I didn't get my debit card. Now all of a sudden there's a commercial on national TV on prime time. Some fucking guy saying that. And also they started dropping that low testosterone shit. And I'm telling you dog one thing about Uncle Joey I've always loved egg yolks. I don't like I don't even like mixing them. I think it's bad for I don't even like scrambled eggs. I'll eat them if you make them. If you make them nice to me with a little sour cream and a little milk and dirt and right. I like it but I don't like just prison. I got to see the yolk. I got a rule when you take me for breakfast, I always got to see the yolk. So I cut around the other than a waitress said to me you've been coming here for a long time. You do not touch the white and she goes I mean you do not touch it. I have become like a surgeon with that knife. I get the yoke perfectly. I take that wheat toast now. I don't even eat the whole tube slices and Windows only a half a wheat toast. I take one egg yolk and put it on one side. And I eat the whole thing. Robert De Niro right ate the fucking egg and an Angel Heart. When he wanted to scan Mickey walked in. He just said that's how I do it. I put a piece of bacon in my mouth. And I take the other piece of wheat toast put the egg yolk on that. I take a piece of bacon and I eat my fruit and that's fucking it. That's I got 80 egg yolk don't and you can eat three egg yolks but you could also scramble for eggs. Get a tortilla for black beans and salsa. All that cost you is the fucking tortilla dog. Four points where you can have a four fucking point breakfast and eat a bowl of fruit and get brand fucking new dog. It's amazing. That's a great scene.

This is a great sample it

is creepy fingernails. Remember to watch a mother of these two guys were such motherfuckers it's so funny. Oh from Brooke how crazy I don't believe that mumbo jumbo. I mean In the top, these guys were the best man. He just

told you believe that the egg is a symbol of the soul and some religious look. You see your skin I don't know.

But his face when he's eaten that egg. Show me that again. That's

a breath of Mickey Rourke phrase was

shitting handsome fella.

Yeah, but poor fucking monkey Look at his face.

Not exaggerated. That's the devil. That's about as good as a human being is ever going to do an impression of what the devil would look like face human being.

Seriously.

He wouldn't be fooled

by that. Who else played the devil?

Yep. But jado when he would do those crazy double reds was all that every movie had to have a rant.

I'm sick and fucking tired. Right?

He went through a whole period of time where his rants are so powerful that like how, here's where we're gonna put the rant right here like right he's his rants were fucking phenomenal. I mean, how Pacino is Scarface, right. I mean, who has who has more epic screaming rants in film history than Al Pacino? I'd say zero. But I'll tell

you something else about Pacino. Nobody's had a bitches hard. Everyone on TV on how to Pacino. he smacked his sister in Scarface. And he smacked that chicken The Godfather when she told me she had an abortion. Yeah,

like really? Yeah, he

really had a blast.

Dude, it looks scary. Like he looks like he hit her. Like if it looks like if you're an actress and you never got hit like that before you be like, Oh my god. Ever Steve McQueen and Ali McGraw. Yeah. And that was real that was that was real. It wasn't even supposed to be in the scene right smack that just out of principle. Have you ever seen that scene Jay?

We showed before showed before he saw repetitive none of that sweet folks.

That's what you get. You get the fun stuff. But you also get who else play memory about 1000

deals. I also heard that fucking hero played Dracula. Oh, yeah, you show that move? Oh, no, no, no, no. Gary Oldman, sorry. No, but

didn't dinero play the Dracula in something no it prank Frankenstein. De Niro played Frankenstein once was really

good. I was terrible.

It was one of those ones where you like wait, what? It was weird. Actually. He was pretty good as a monster though.

These are all the actors that played the devil. Well, movies.

What was Kaiser Sosa? He wasn't the devil, right? Yeah. Was he? Sure? A lot of people Jennifer Love Hewitt played the devil. Jesus Christ. John Ritter played the devil. John Ritter did a couple episodes. News Radio. Look at at least one hold

on. Look at Vincent Price, bro. Vincent Price was fucking just amazing. He really was mad. Some of those movies uh, he did like two movies that really scared the shit out of me. Yeah, what?

What did he do? Which movies did he do?

Those two trying

to remember. There was a lot of like really fun movies back then. That if you watch today, you like what the 40s It

was definitely a Batman right? What was he on Batman?

House on Haunted Hill there's there's his thing. House of Wax. That was a big one. House of Wax was a big one. The last man on earth he was always like it was like thought of as that like real good creepy actor guy was good in scary movies.

What's his IMDB? I wonder if he was? Yeah, yeah. Was if he was Vincent Price. He was in substance

was it funny how a guy gets like synonymous with a genre of movies like Vincent Price you think about all scary movies. You know there's a few guys like that. You think of their name? Oh, scary movie. You know John Romero scary movie. You know Dawn of the Dead.

That's filled.

Though TV. That's his name right? John Romero.

The John Romero did was that George Romero. John

Romero is a guy who was a game developer in the early days of doom. He was within software, like Doom and Quake and those kinds of games. Now George

Romero was the guy that on paper officially started this whole zombie fucking Shin much right when we were kids, neither dad and the other one dog he has was seen in one of those and had it been 1975 I was maybe 12 years old. Maybe 13. One of those came out. And we took a hit acid and we all went to the movie theater on a Saturday. Take the number one bus to Jersey City. And they would play two of these movies. Donner Dan something else

Night of the Living Dead or something fucking out. Night of the Living Dead was the first one and there's one

scene where the black guys go for the helicopter just chops his hat off. Oh, jesus fucking christ I run out of movies with scare the leverage. I don't know how many times I took the number one bus to go to Jersey City to Journal Square. There was a movie theater dog. That's why I saw Richard Pryor live at the Sunset Strip the first time on a Friday night. I got stabbed. That's you got stabbed, I got caught, I still got the scar. That's where I saw the Pink Panther movies. That was my first genre into getting high. And going to the movies like I knew I couldn't go to the movies in North Bergen a Union City because I bump into one of my mother's friends or some. So me and my little girl boss figured out if we went to Jersey City, we could get on the bus cause little drama, get a six pack split four ways, and smoke a joint and go into those movies and giggle and act like an asshole. We also went down to the sea to groove tube and Kentucky Fried movie. Kentucky Fried movie was a genre that started before Saturday Night Live. And there was a movie put together by a bunch of sketches. But one of the famous sketches is there in a courtroom. And

and there's a grill people up yeah, they would

just say different stupid things. And the fucking guy go Yeah, there was nobody there.

Attendees. Yeah. Do this movie today. YouTube, by the way.

This was on HBO, where we were kidding. All right, Jamie. Oh my god. Yeah. This

is on HBO. So you had a talk. Your mother had to get an HBO because groove tube, or Kentucky Fried movie was gonna be on.

And they were hilarious. You could never have this movie today. Yeah, she's getting triggered. Yes, you could.

You could do this movie. They don't have the balls to do this movie today.

Girls are getting piled. Look

at this. Look at this shit. This

is crazy. You can never do this no movie today. And regular movie. They would never allow that Catholic high school girls in trouble. And the guys bang a girl in the shower and you see your tits pressing up against the glass. Like legitimately See, everything

American Pie was not. I mean, it's not a sketch thing, but it wasn't too far different.

No, but even American Pie I think you'd struggle to do that now. I think the climate ship

No no, no, we there's still a part of America loves this type of humor. Joe Rogan no Pino, they're

trying to they took f1 grid girls out of Formula One racing grid girls, like hot when it took them out. And now they're petitioning to take octagon girls out and bring car girls. They're saying like, we need to stop this like, and they're like, What are you talking about? So we make a living stupid? Like what? Well, it's the objectification of women. I think. If you can have Chippendales and you can have I think you should have run card boys. See who gets hired. Joey what happened?

I am just people are crazy people. You know, you, you you made a point the other day with those two young men that I don't want to quote you. You said something about that. There's a somebody got mad at people with a vagina that's black. Man, it was

transgender supporters were mad because it represents the Woman's March and not everyone who's a woman has a vagina that was there. They're upset. It's transphobic fucking

as much as an American as you will want. I'm fucking done. I'm done. I'm done. I don't know what else to do. I mean, three months ago, the fucking some guy came out with a brilliant movie, Stephen King. Let's scan everybody that did not. It was a number one film about a clown. Yeah. And all of a sudden there was a parade. You know, they got together clowns marched in protection of clowns, because ever since that movie came out a bunch of clowns lost their jobs. Oh my god in the spring like they were booked for the fall. So they bought you know, we'll get into something now that's just totally out of control. I read the Amy Schumer thing with the on Z on Zarya. I read you know, you try to not avoid everything. But it's right in front of you every day. There's something else. I'm just waiting for the fucking shoe to drop every day. I am gonna continue to be who I am Joe Rogan on stage. I don't really give a fuck about sensitive I can't. I'm gonna stand up. I can't I don't have time. I feel you. I think about it. I also watch the podcast. Have you with Brendan and Brian. And you talked about something that didn't happen to no no. It did happen to me where I was at a child children's school at a fair and and I tried to turn it into a bit I just couldn't sell it to be funny. Kid was playing in front of me. And I could tell there was something not right with the child. And some of the child called him a faggot and the kids Mother came on she goes, he's not a fact that he's a transgender. And then the mother came up to me, I'm high as fuck. How old were you? Two weeks. This is three months ago, okay? This is three months ago at a park. You know, before you go to those events, you get tuned up, out and you put rising in your eyes and you go down and you try to be as nice as you can as a parent, but you try to avoid talking to a lot of people, your wife does all the talking. You just sit down and wave the people I try. Who do you think's gonna win Machida? I am a cheater, and you just you just watching the girls, and I'm saying, you try to do that. But there's always something at those events that you get back in the car with your wife and go. Mrs. Rogen, what the fuck was that about? And then they'll break it down for you. Tell me I'm lying to you? Yeah, and every fucking thing. It's like you. You were talking about the people believe in the earth that there was no Adam and Eve. That's what I'm starting to when you would tell him that bit. I didn't know what the fuck you were talking about? Oh, what does he hang out with? Was Yeah, with this poor bastard. But now that I have a child, that's five, I'm getting out to see different people's views that are my age. And this lady came up to me and gave me a whole he a beat, how the kid is 15 They have my medication. And he's known he was a woman since he was nine. And that, but then she fucked up Joe Rogan's she said, she always wanted a girl anyway, no Jesus. But you guys are talking about something about there was somebody that got in trouble for a three year old, give them block shadow, we're not about that world. I know nothing. Oh,

and Benjamin, you got in trouble got fired from his agency, they dropped him because he was tweeting a bunch of shit about someone using hormone blockers on a three year old. He's like, this is crazy,

what I listened to that day and where I live, I thought my head was gonna blow up. And when she came over and explained why he was going to be a trend again, well, here's

the thing, here's my thing. Behaving here's my thing, if kids behaving a certain way, let them keep behaving that way. You don't have to fucking throw hormones in the mix, you don't even know what's going to happen when you do that you're going to change who he is. So you're telling me that he has this urge to take hormones that are not native in his body in the same amount. So he's this urge to do this. So we should just let him do it. No, he has an urge to be identified as a woman, like you don't even have to do anything to do that. If you just decide you identify as a woman, most people are going to be cool with it. Like we're saying that a child has to take some chemicals in the middle of their developmental cycle is the only way we can do this. This is a smart way. This is a smart way when they're six or 16, or whatever it is. That's crazy. That doesn't make sense from a developmental standpoint. Like I'm not a scientist, but I understand enough about the stages that the human being goes through before it reaches adulthood, and you're not really completely formed until you're like 20 years old, or 25 years old, or something like that. It's like the frontal cortex doesn't form till you're 25. So your decision making is always a little weird.

You know, Trump knows what the fuck they want to be at 15? I don't

know it's six, or three. So she

said that he knew at nine Come on, and I went home. And I told my wife, my wife said, Well, you got to watch a show every week on a&e is a show about kids that want to, you know, make the child Listen, it doesn't matter. It's just that I'm trying to. I'm trying to tell you that I'm finding out about shit now that but

you know what's weird? It's like, Why? Why does if someone feels a certain way they feel they are a certain way. And why do they have to take chemicals to achieve a new state? Like what is this? It's like they identify with being a woman. So they have to take chemicals to reach this state. I think, man, if I was a person who is a transgender person, listen to me talk, I'd be like shut the fuck up. You don't know shit about that a lot of you cheered, if you're listening to this, but all I'm saying is that this is a very unusual situation. It's very unusual. I don't think it's a bad thing. But I think that doing it to someone who really can't fully make up their mind yet just seems insanely risky. And what what could happen to the kid can be terrible and people have made successful transitions when they transitioned in their 30s You don't have to do it when you're six. If you want to be a transgender person and you're in your 30s sure where your 20s or whatever, we decide that a human being is rationally capable of making full life decisions that are as dramatic

that's what I thought I was like what the fuck makes a good decision that 16 Nobody 21 to 25

but that doesn't mean that someone at 16 Who thinks they're a woman couldn't absolutely become one later and be super happy with it that's not I'm not saying that's not possible either. Like everything's possible there's a thing for everybody if that is what you feel like is your your thing you want to be that that's your It's who you identify with and you you have every right you have every right to do that. So

what you're saying, bro, you know me fucking drug right there between 16 and 20. A lot. It's not funny,

you did a lot of drugs from the time I met you. The fact that you were on a heavier schedule before that,

no, but I'm talking about like I, I tried to stay away like I was a karate guy like you and the kids from karate. On Saturdays, they were geeks, we either went to a martial art festival. We competed, or we went to a karate movie, or we went to the martial arts supply, high madness places. So we saved our money. If you want to go to the movies and see the five deadly hands, we got to save our money. We're going to Honda next week to buy a Kabuto tonfa. Like we would always buy like the ones that you'd hold

with the just so you know, I don't fuck around your money.

What do you draw on? What do you draw on? This is what if you look at you, do you know how to write Chinese letters? Yeah,

if you look at those old Chinese things, they all had this. That's how you wrote karate. That's how you Wow wrote a karate like that. So you would I knew all about this, you would buy the handle that I would hold. in Taekwondo. They had the what are the top four inches of canvas that you would stand in front of it? And you might you are Maki? whare Yeah, they would have like a you will get really oh my gosh, and then we would save on money. We will geeks. That's what we did at 12. But they had little goombazz in my neighborhood. And when they were 12, they did something completely different. They went behind the school and they would roll one joy and put it in a piece of glass tube and and light it up and we would drink Boone's Farm. The fruit should not get pukey so I didn't know who to hang out with. I would have to be like a double agent. That was a tough job for me as a 12 year old. I liked hanging out with my karate geeks. Right? I like going to competitions. I like doing forms. I like doing the semi contact competitions where you could kick above the head. Yeah, those

are good for kids,

but you don't like it anyway, but you still kick the kid get disqualified. But fuck the job. Just see you know, people did that this isn't life was simple. For me. This is so I had to make a decision. Because the Kung Fu kids didn't get no pussy. They just wanted to pass it. They would talk about girls and they maybe had a crush on the girl in the 430 class, but they never asked them to come to any of the events. My other buddies went to buzzy. So eventually I cut the karate fucking geeks out and I started hanging out with a little druggies and you make your transition into and from those developmental ages. Like I tried to hide my drug use, I tried to hide it, especially with marijuana use for two or three years it was just marijuana. Wow. Then once I became a freshman, I didn't start basketball my freshman year, I decided to Let's venture out into this acid thing. Let's venture into this mescaline thing. It was a different name. It was mescaline but it really wasn't mescaline, Joe Rogan. It was a little tag God, it would know wasn't even peyote. It was a little thing.

I did the same. She was me.

Pound peyote him? Yeah. But mescaline is what they sell you in the South. They supposedly put it into kilo something. This was sow, right? Yeah, this is something that two little fucking white kids made in a pill was rat poison with something else. And something else and it was very tiny. It was maybe a little size of this. That's it and it came in aluminum foil, even smaller than that. Even smaller than that. way smaller. That little thing that that's it, you paid $80 for it and you got 100 of those. And you struggled for $3 apiece, and that would fuck you up for six hours with a two hour haze in between an hour buffer will it come down. And I did that for three or four months. Then they introduced me to THC crystal, which is snorting they'd sold it as what we do is we get a bunch of stems and seeds from the reefer. We put it in a pot and we boil that pot and whatever separate from the stems and the seeds that goes to the sides we scrape that off. And that's what you snort and you know, oh my god. So I was I was I had like a personal karate rule. But I will always just smoke it and do the mescaline but I was never going to put nothing in my nose.

Oh you had a rule like a drug addict put something there no right

like that's it like that's a complete different range. I'll never shoot heroin. I never was specially karate man as a karate man. I carotid morels. I was just straight away with the reefer. And then I finally ended up snorting that fucking gorilla biscuit. Because that's what it was. It was Angel Dust. They just liked and I went on an angel does tear like every Sunday me and my friend Carlos Perez would buy a six pack of mica love. He only like Michelob he has two good friends. Today this kind of special appear with the beer will pour must say something more. Yeah, call it brow dead lowbrow. What are we talking about? Michelob Piccolo? No, we will. We will drink lowbrow low. We will get a six pack and fucking snort a $10 package of THC crystal my mother would go to the track on Sundays. So I knew she wouldn't come back till seven. So being hit with snow in it. As soon as my mother stepped foot neck cod 11 Me and him would happen and we snort it and then fucking just sit around like and be fucking zombies all day. Yeah, but that was a development and then I went after my mom died I just went on acid to have fucking a year. God knows what was in those goddamn things. God fucking knows what's

going on here. On rock commercial. Oh, this is Oh my God. Look at that guy. Lower brow. Wow.

This is like a sketch. It's a truly great American beer. Why? Why does it have American name motherfucker. What are you embarrassed? Embarrassed to be from here? American beer low and brown. Fucking

drink low of brows.

Actually it isn't American beer right? That's like steep baby. Oh, Chick keep your fucking real name. That's as American as it gets. It's still around low and brown. I don't know. But if they said low and that was their name, and they started the beer company and it didn't change the name that's as American as it gets. So I'm wrong. I shut the fuck up.

Even looking it up. It's a genuine brewery.

Liars, liars, liars lying about American American made. Apparently they make a lot of American American plants make a lot of cars now that you think of Japanese cars. Like Toyota tundras. They make them in Texas,

to make a bunch of in Ohio to Yeah, Honda's Nissan's. That's weird, right?

Like, if you think you buy a Honda, you think you're definitely buying a Japanese car. If you think you're buying some American cars, it might be a Mexican car. How crazy is that? Like what companies making their cars down in Mexico?

I think they I think they closed a couple plants. I think Toyota was down and somebody else for a while.

But here's the thing if they put him down in Mexico, but they gave American money, like the levels of American money that's in Mexico, they would stop doing it a lot, actually. Wow, look at all these different ones. Chrysler has three plans for to three plans. GM has four plans. Mazda has one. They do it down there because it's cheaper, which I guess they have to do what they gotta do. And I'm sure it helps the community because I know it does. I know people that have had manufacturing down in these countries, and they do it for the cheap. But it does help the people like there's some places that don't have much, but what's arguable is like, why is living like a Western person so important. When these people have been living in their own way, for 1000s of years. It just they just didn't have like all the crazy infrastructure and all the shit that we had, they didn't have the crazy cities and you know, other than a few cities in Mexico, like Mexico City. So they would go and put these plants and like, why is it doing? I mean, I'm all for people being able to work. But is that better? Is it better than the way they were living before when they were living like indigenous people are living like villagers are live in like tradespeople or whatever they did get by? I don't know. Maybe it is better. Maybe it's let's

go back to the whole situation here. I still remember because I'm a little older than us to remember where it was kind of starting to get taboo. If you bought a foreign car. Yeah. Like I am that old way. I remember that. That I still remember the mid 70s. I still remember when Toyota advertised on Nissan advertised the car for 1995. And I would go away saying I got $40 in the bank. I could buy one of those. It was $1,900 Stupid, like a Corolla something. Yeah. And I still remember there was a time in this country. When if you bought a car with you on the first person on this blog, if you showed up with a foreign car, you got a little bit of grief. You got a little bit of grief. And then it felt like they sold themselves. It felt like we dropped the ball at some point. As Americans, as you know, I don't know what happened in Detroit, and all that stuff. I know that Where's the highest populations Puerto Rico in this country? I don't know. You think it's the Bronx, right? But it's not. It's a suburb outside of Cleveland. Why? Because in the 50s, they took a bunch of Puerto Ricans and put them into the suburb, to work at the car plants. All the car plants shut down there. We ended up going other places and whatever, and blah, blah, blah, and blah, blah, blah. And then the foreign cars started kicking our fucking ass. Why? Again? I don't know, was it the workmanship? Was it the quality? All I know, is if if I got a fucking Toyota, I could drive it for 80,000 miles without stopping to get gas, you know, right? You as a consumer, as an American, you want to buy American products and you want to buy American made products. You know, so there's a couple places now, like, besides Mexico, there's class where we we have places now like in Indiana, we have like Toyota has a couple of places. And they should bring it back. I mean, fuck it, let some you know. So we trade. We get some a Toyota stuff, which is what kind of car they they Japanese, the Chinese, the Japanese, Japanese. Yeah. And let some of why should get made over there. It's part of is it NAFTA?

That's North American North American Free Trade Agreement. So that's, that's just I think, I think I'm just talking about my answer. But I think that's just US, Mexico and Canada. So when

we build a car in Mexico, it's a lot cheaper to develop that club, because of the rate.

Yeah, there is a PayPal blast, it's cheaper to get land, these people don't have anything else going on down there or not as much going on down there, obviously, as they do in America in some like heavily populated cities. And so they can offer people much less money. And they do. There's a lot of plants that do that. That's funny. But here's the thing like this, the real question is, do you think that this is just going to elevate these people, and they're eventually going to catch up with the Western world and live the way that we're living right now in the United States? Like there's ultimately a possibility of that? Or are we saying, Well, we're always going to have these people that we treat less good, and we're just always going to keep them in that position? They're never going to get any better. I mean, what which one is it it's either one of those two things or, I mean, it could possibly be that people just want shit. cheaper, so bad, they don't care. They don't care. They don't care if a guy's making $1 a week, or whatever the fuck they make, how much do they make? If you had to guess? If you guess how much does someone in a an automobile plant in Mexico make as opposed to an American worker? I'm sure someone must have done some sort of a study. It's weird, man. Because if they were doing the exact same thing on this patch of dirt, we would go what you can't pay that little. Then you say, oh, but down there, everything's cheaper. And giving these people an opportunity. Like, why is it better? Here's the question. Why is it better than the way they've always been living? In Mexico? $2 per hour workers make $40,000 SUVs $2 an hour. Jesus Christ, to imagine a person working all day and you hand them $16 You, sir, are a piece of shit. Could you imagine? Guy busts his ass on an assembly line all day you give him $16? Fuck you.

That's crazy. Start at $1.10 an hour.

Oh my god. $1 an hour,

you make more than President? That is ridiculous. And that's

Mexican money. That's American money. $1 a day to Laos. And

maybe it's like the translated

Joe Rogan, fuck,

that's insane. But it's just the idea is that if you're always going to be able to you got to always be able to make more money, like these people have this idea. And a lot of these corporations have unlimited growth. They just want to constantly be growing, growing, growing. It's some people think it's a very dangerous idea. Because if your your bottom line for your company is to always outdo every quarter. At a certain time, people start getting desperate and they start cutting environmental corners or cutting research corners or doing whatever the fuck they have to do to keep their bottom line down and keep their profits coming in. And that's what you could say about like these prescription drug companies, people want to think that these companies are evil, their companies their job is to make money okay, and they're caught up in a storm where they're allowed to make legal money and this legal money is fucking substantial. It's a giant amount of money. These pharmaceutical companies are making an opiate so people are dying left and right Joey left and right. This is one of the craziest unspoken eMod epidemics the human race has seen Joe Rogan

how long I've known him forever you the truth on everything. I still talk to my drug dealers that were good to me and when I needed them. And from month to month, I still talk to the Armenian start talking to Dan sleazy in fact, Don sleazy just did a big movie got a couple of lines a big movie. That's awesome. They do what they do. I do what I do. have a family. I got a call from the Armenian. I saw him at Ross.

Beatty did do you see do about the Armenian? My favorite bit

saw the Armenian Rouse, he gave me a hug and saw with his kids and kids are you right now? You don't know how many times I met him with his kids. And he would put an eight ball in my head. You know? I've been in that position now. I had groceries and I hugged them. And he goes, Do you mind if I call you later? You know, and I go, Sure, call me whatever you want. And he goes, Do you? Where do you live? And I told me, he goes, I live here. Can I meet you? I want to ask you a question. I didn't know. I thought he was gonna ask me if I still did blow I didn't know. You know, I'm good. I'm good. And when I met to meet him what he wants to know was, he goes, you're a comedian. And I just wanted to ask if you know anybody who could get bills. And I go, I got Xanax at the house. You're free to take him? He goes, No, no, no. I'm stuck in pain, oxy. Whatever. Again, I shook his hand. I gave him a hug Joe Rogan? I don't know nobody. Right. Right. But yeah, a week late. I told him my desk. Because I do know a guy kind of sought a white dude in the Hollywood, right. And I called him Mike, I'll the week later the Armenian called me. And he goes, Well, you know, I'm sorry. Hold on. And I went, I looked when I called his white dude. And he called me back and he said, Give me a couple of days, you know, and he called me back. And what he told me was mind boggling. What the prices are just getting of what you pay for pharmaceutical. He hit me back. And he told me three numbers on the phone with three different names of what this guy had. And I'm not a drug dealer. I call the meeting and I just said, listen, here's what he told me. This is what he wants. And the guy goes, Oh, hey, they don't tell him in a week. I got 1000 I could not believe the amount of money for these pills. Rarely, you know, I've never was a big pill head but oh my god. The black market for pills. is fucking ginormous. And I knew this kid in Hollywood would come through. I know him 15 years. He's a big jujitsu guy.

They opened up the door and they can't close it. It is

mind boggling when you pay for pills. Well,

you know what happened? Right? You know when it all started? Well, this is what happened. First of all, they're obviously very addictive. Second of all, something happened in Florida, where they allowed people to get prescription pain clinics everywhere. It was basically what off track betting is for gambling. That was heroin sales. So you would just show me everybody's got an ache. You know, sometimes my fucking neck bothers me. After a couple of podcasts. I need to get a little oxy. My back just I can't sleep. Hey, go have some oxy. They would have a pharmacy attached to a doctor's office town of 3200 was flooded with nearly 21 million pain pills. As addiction crisis worsened. Lawmakers say whoa, a town of 3200 people was flooded with 21 million pain pills town in West Virginia and Jesus Christ. People in in those towns like from the Wild and Wonderful West of West Virginia. What does that the whites of West Virginia remember that? Well, wonderful and what kind of wild and wonderful whites versus Virginia? oxys Xanax, Nick whatever the little

ones. I got the little ones for anxiety. You know, you take an anxiety I get them lately before I get like if I haven't gotten on the road for a while. I'm really that Thursday morning. Oh my god Joe Rogan as I'm getting ready. I keep thinking like I'm fucking not packing right right. I forgot something. I forgot the holes and sleep apnea. And I've been buying half of it and you know what, I even fall asleep. I got on the plane I fall asleep but on the road. People give me weird creepy things. areas. So now I just go into web dev D and you look for pill indicator and if it's something good I'll save it and at least I got it if if I ever having an emergency if I'm lonely when I did some of these little pills on Wow when dog when they told me that like I knew when I was a kid I would go to Central to Washington Square Park and I could get 810 milligram valium with the V in the middle. That's the real deal when you're going to fun and they got a V in the middle cut out all

the shit

mag daddy's I could get eight of those for $10 and there were 10 milligrams.

Here's the question. Do you think if it was legal More or less people to use it are the same.

Why you What is this trick point? Thursday I'm curious what you gambling drugs. Pills. You give people the green light dog we're fucking we're crap creatures a habit. We're all gonna fucking guy some of us are going to control it. Listen, there's some people that get knee surgery and neck surgery like yourself and you've thrown away the Viking and there's other people that take that prescription and two years later this shoe now Yeah,

I don't understand it. Thank you everybody different.

I think I have different holes in our genes bro.

Well there's some people that like pain I'm not one of them. But there's some people that genuinely like it they get pleasure out of it. What

kind of pain Do you like?

I mean, what kind of pain I don't think this is what I'm saying.

This is the question. I think they think there are syndromes where and it's probably fairly common turns is not just one person's like several people that can point out that experience actual like pleasure like a serotonin burst from certain amounts of pain. They don't I don't think they feel it is the way we feel it and so they're always trying to do things for themselves and they say to some of the people that get away a lot of piercings have that some people that get a lot of tattoos have that they start to feel they want to feel it more they want to burn it into themselves. It's an I don't I'm not obviously not a psychologist but it's apparently pretty common theory.

Another thing I want to talk to you about I watch the podcast can leave app saying that it's like God was the podcast where you we're talking about because I want to do to really tell you the truth. The podcasts are you talking about that maybe some of Jones John Jones actions were caused by head

injuries that easily been

attained

not not caused by not caused by could easily be a fact.

I gotta tell you some Joe Rogan. Again, let's go back to abuse from gambling or pills. The mind with cocaine is a very tricky, man. Oh, yeah. And it takes a year off. I'm just telling you this from experience, because I learned a lot about nootropics from you. I don't really know much about it. But Romanovsky sent me two of his jugs. It's the shakes that neuro what? Orange juice?

Shit that got me into nootropics

when I got off cocaine that came in the mail, and I really drank and I didn't tell nobody my secret. Because I knew especially for a guy like me. You know, John Jones is 26 years old. He's a phenomenal fighter. I didn't think it really had anything to do with anything. I think it was that when you're on cocaine in that year afterward. Cocaine thanks to pleasure patterns out of your mind of your brain. serotonin and melatonin. I don't know. Don't correct me on this. But I feel that it took me a year to 18 months for me to become a human again. And I have gotten hit in the head. Not since I was about 13. I got beat up by the guy. I tried the mug and I hit the head with a flashlight. It really took me 18 months to embrace humanity. And yeah, I want you to remember that. I want you to think of that morning. What happened in Santa Fe with when he ran the light? He ran away from that? What What was he Jamie? Do you think he just woke up and was going to church now he was after the night before?

Yeah. Well been out for the night. There's

no pleasure, you know, you take it takes your mind a long time. You know, what's the thing when I get off the juice? I got to do something for my boss to grow again.

You'd have to take something called Clomiphene okay, what what there's a couple of different ones apparently. It's an estrogen blocker, it blocks your estrogen that's actually one of the things that John tested pause Okay,

so how long would it take for me to get my balls back again?

It takes a little while it's about half the amount of time that you were doing it if you were if you that's why you're only supposed to go on like a short cycle unless you're crazy bodybuilder guy those guys just stay on all the time

then with the cocaine bro I thought about your statement I went home and started writing and thinking I got off November 2007 It took me a year and I have just become a human being to realize I was fat I was 400 pounds I needed to go to Weight Watchers to meet team was to realize I had to marry my wife took me a long time for my brain to think normal like anybody else. So I want you to take that into consideration.

I damn I definitely do. I know this and I agreed to

it a long time. You know when you do blow and you go on stage that if I do blow three nights a week and I go on stage, I have no control Joe Rogan. I'm looking at in the face. You see me on stage. I have no control. I have no connection from my brain to what's coming out of my mouth. Yeah, I can't now you go and do you have Are you speaking Tourette's now? It was empty words. There was no passion behind that. That's why it wasn't funny. You know,

you said to me, you said it blocks love. It blocks the love. Yeah, that's

it the love in between my cocaine and my words is gone

but that's what stimulants do stimulants ramp up the aggression and the impulsiveness and they they ramp up your fearlessness, they ramp up your courage, you get disproportionate, they ramp up your ego. Like some stimulants on some people, some people obviously looked at people that can handle booze and people who can't handle even a little booze. And I think that's the same with stimulants. I think that's the same with pretty much everything. Almost every life experience. In fact, I think there's some people that can handle things and some people they can't and some people that can't at first and they eventually learn to someone sent me some about Rodney Dangerfield It was fucking great man all from New York time the relentless thing Yeah, well, great, John. John Dudley sent it to me. Fucking A It was amazing. Yeah, I read that. It's amazing. It's amazing. Oh, no tape. Fletcher tape. Fletcher

sanitized? Great.

It was taped. Shout out to Jay Fletcher.

Where his tape jam letter

of recommendation Rodney Dangerfield, it is an amazing piece who wrote this? What is the name of the gentleman? Alex Halbert? Stat. Alex, you made a masterpiece. That's a fucking hell of an article about one of the greatest of all time when it comes to stand up comedy and he just talks about the evolution of Rodney Dangerfield. And how like it wasn't until he was like in his 50s and he really fucking got it together like and became the great stand up that we know a mass and his process for boiling down his material. Joey it's a fucking amazing article. Go

I read it two times. Look, I get to do the special. Yes,

we're gonna do a special I'm going to direct your comedy special. We're just going to figure out when to do it. Where to do it June at the ice. The ice house is the place, I think. Yeah, let's do six shows. Let's do six. Let's do this. Do I want to do two Thursday to Friday to Saturday? Boom. I want to get those crazy week night savages is a different kind of animal that goes out on Thursday night one,

where they're a little more ramped up, go for one hour. 15 minutes. You're gonna

you're gonna go crazy is what we're gonna do. I just wanted we're gonna capture the real Joey Diaz experience and we're gonna put together a special June ice house. We'll give everybody the details. But this is the first special that I've ever even attempted to do something with other than my own. So thank you

very much for the opportunity. You would be the guy that I would deal with fucking crazy. Yeah, I think

I think the name of it is immigrant mentality.

Immigrant mentality is perfect. That's perfect.

Respect to Steve. Vai. Me. Oh, that's

perfect. Name and mentality is the perfect name

of the app. Okay, beautiful. I'm

already in process. Right. I'm ready to go.

I think the Ice House is the place. We've been there a million times. It's home. It's a totally Oh my god. It's home. Yeah, it's a great place to film and when that place gets rockin Holy shit, it's

going to Colorado design. I'm going to Colorado. I'm flying there early. I'm interviewing Antonio le de zo. I'm gonna go show people where I kidnapped Bella. show people the halfway house. I'm gonna walk around boulder. I'm gonna tape all that. I'm gonna have that up this fucking spring. I got some shit. I'm planning to do like a little mixtape. type of Stand Up drop.

You gotta let these motherfuckers

I'm ready to shoot this special then on had a great time in Charlotte. Man. You were in Durham? Yeah, you and I were discussing the comedy scene in North Carolina. Amazing. I was just I just want to thank you people. And the week before that. I was in Austin. And that place is like this last time I got emotional. In Austin. Like, I don't know how many times I drove from Houston, to Austin to do the open mic on Wednesday, Joe Rogan. And that little stage. I could tell you looking at your face five times. And now was headlining and sound the place. I just didn't walk in that dog. I did the open mic for Margie. And she would tell me you're too dirty for me. You know, saying? Yeah, I'll be in the Austin is fucking. It's really weird to see the growth of cities. But not only that, to see the growth of comedy in the cities. Yeah, Portland, Oregon. Like that's what happened. That's how Fidel took over Cuba. Just little growth in different areas.

And internet. The internet has made people more aware of commerce. 15

years ago, we would go to Houston and be excited. We would go to New York and maybe like three other places. Everything else was just a regular town. Yeah. Every town is excited about Joe Rogan. Bert kreischer, fucking girl. The garage. What's your Chinese girl? Amy one, Ali.

Ali one. Yeah, there's a lot of grace. I'm

excited. about people coming into town. You know it's a we've seen this growth. Like it's been an amazing like see I got into comedy on the tail end like when I got into comedy. People were telling me it's over kid because five years before that MCs we're getting 1500 Plus air and features are getting 2500 Plus ad. And headliners are getting five grand plus, and all sudden when I got it, I still remember the first notes he gave us was before you guys get into comedy. I want to tell you what happened to the bubble. It busted. And he broke down what comics are getting paid. I didn't give a fuck. He was just trying to discourage us. Yeah, he's wrong. He's wrong. You know

what the bubble is? Not writing jokes. Yeah, that was the bubble. It's a bubble. That was the bubble. That was the bubble in Boston. I'm I'm almost positive.

I don't know what people blame it on the excess of comedy on television at the time. I don't

believe that because the great ones are still there. I think what happened was there was a lot of guys that were really really really really fucking funny because they had taken their act and polished that motherfucker like a diamond. And they brought it to you. And it was just perfect. It was a perfect act. But it didn't change. It was a perfect piece of work. But they didn't write more some guys did. But not enough guys did. And so people would keep coming back to the shows they'd be able to say the jokes word for word year after year. Like they'd go to see some guys and we do the same act year after year. And they never left Boston. And it's a very unfortunate thing because like when it comes to like proficiency level, there's guys like Steve Sweeney that used to kill in a way that you like, Oh my God,

what's the guy used to drink the white Russians in a container?

Don motherfucking Gavin,

Gavin's one of the four guys

in Boston when I started that. You heard about your boy to Lenny Clark packing some heat letting

me when he was killing it.

And what's the guy that had the shows? He was funny in 91, bro, Anthony Clark. Yeah. And I thought was very funny. And their client was fucking throwing He's a murderer. They murder he used

to fill the Fanueil Hall club with all screaming chicks. I never saw anything like it because he was cute. You know? And he would he'd be silly on stage curls loved him. I mean, to the point where that place would be overrun with girls who would be like at 20 girls in this Fanueil Hall common connection we'd be like, What the fuck? Like what are their comic brings in girls like this that love him. And then he's another one, they'd see the same bits over and over and over again. They didn't care they they would find with it. It's weird. It was a weird time. What fucked everybody up was people would go to see someone special like Kennison did a special and then he tried to do the material from the special on a show and the people already knew the material and they were like yelling out bits and fucking up bits. And so I think comics then started realizing once you do like a real special and put it on HBO or something like that. It makes you famous. You got to throw that shit away and write a completely new

set. That's why it's so tough now tard because you're trying to develop your hour on the road. Then you put your while on the road. And you go off and follow week to promote that hour and you got the same half you got a half hour that hour. Yeah, unless you're fucking Harry Houdini. Well, I've prepared for that already. What I went through after last time was a big fucking lesson.

Everybody has that lesson that's going through that right now. So Tom just plays out. That's it.

Yeah. And those weeks when you putting that out? Just stay home? Yeah, just stay home don't embarrass your don't try to do some stay home and get 15 minute bits of the show. And once you get six of those 15 minute bits, then you go out and put 45 together you start from scratch and then what you still got 3035 minutes once you shot the bet yeah, once you shot that 15 minutes you stood up there if I meant to work on it again there's no shame fucking your boys and Adam we stays home for a fucking year to work on our and then goes out Russell Russell Peters. Yeah, he stays home for a long time.

She does he still does some gigs on the road BMCs and just talks to the crowd Fox

bro shout out to our little pep pot and a Friday night zone that the staples only the second comic that do it. Who sold out

staples Gabriel?

Did he really? Jesus Christ. That's like 20,000 people Friday till they get game that's a Laker game. Gabriel Iglesias sold out a Laker game Friday night

at the Staples Center. Okay, him and Kevin Hart are the only ones to do

an animal. Fuck the

murder and here's why he's funny. Anybody can go see him. You can take your kids to see him your mom to see him. He's a nice guy. Everybody loves him. You're getting what you want to see you get in a funny comedian having a good time. So it's how many 1000s I want to say that's at least like 18,000 people. I think that might be 20 it might be 20,000 places.

Here's the beautiful thing. I just remember him paying me 35 hours on a Wednesday night to go do the Bicycle Club and he would host

Wow, how many people 21,002 Jesus Christ. Oh

my oh my god so many people might have heard

21,000 People powerful Gabriel Iglesias holy shit that's nuts

guy this fucking yeah, there's a height of comedy Yeah,

he's right at the top right now him and Kevin Hart and in terms of like being able to do that, especially being able to do that in LA he's a hero in LA he's done more shows consecutively the ice house is sold out like fucking 10 years ago he was doing that. He would do like Monday shows Tuesday shows two shows Wednesday two shows David just fucking crank them out man

who has taken people out to breakfast. After he shows. Yeah, on Christmas Eve. He still got he still does two shows on Christmas Eve.

That's amazing. He could do shows at three in the afternoon. He would do shows the Ice House like whenever he wanted and then we hit three in the afternoon. Fuckit pack. Let's go. People want to see have a couple of drinks, watch some funny comedy, why not take

just just the amount of people that are going out to comedy. I'm just honored to be a part of

this. He too. And you know, Joe, you and I have known each other for a long time now and so we've seen like a couple of ways.

Oh my god. No, no. Nothing like this fuck were you at the Wiltern sold out New Year's. And sherpao. And John

Mayer at the fucking forum. They were sold out to

he was sold out but he did a warm up the night before somewhere else like yeah, let's just try it out just to see if right. And that sold out to like people are out and about Jack. Yeah, people are out about.

Well, we're we're very, very lucky to have Dave out there right now. Like, like, doing a lot of comedy. Like he's top of the food chain. And he's doing a lot of comedy did two specials last year and two specials this year. And they're fucking good, man. That one he did from DC. That is a really good special. That's a whole I enjoyed the shit.

I enjoyed the smelly room too. But yeah, I love how I haven't seen that. How about

every agent told you the belly room wouldn't work. It's not gonna work. You dumb fuck their Silicon Valley room when you get into a groove in the belly room. Okay, let me break some down here at the Comedy Store. And again, you're gonna go we heard this guy's No, you haven't heard this? Because I just found this one out. Fucking three weeks ago, when you got sick that night. And you couldn't I covered for you. And the belly room, you had the flu. And they called me that went to the belly flu. And though I had to the belly room, and I have this certain allergy going in the belly room, and they just wasn't doing it. The belly room. Does it vary. The belly room doesn't require the efficiency that the original room requires. How so?

So you'd be want to slow it down a little bit in the belly room. So you're saying, Okay,

so I'm sparring with you. And we're not doing 50% We're doing 30. Now, right? In the belly room. If we do 50 It's a little too aggressive. You too, right there. The energy is right there. I learned this after 25 years of doing spots that remember the belly room was where I learned to storytel. Before that I was rushing to the punch line. And not getting in a joke out. The belly room was where I learned to sit back a little bit and explain what the fuck you and as you're trying to tell us. Why you just kept telling me what do you do? There's no segue here. There's nothing Joey right? You're just eating some girls asshole. It's great. We don't want to hear that. We want to hear how you got that. I learned that 99 in the belly room fucking around. And I went back up there a couple of weeks ago for me. The main room I gotta come out like fuck. In the main room. I gotta come out like Mike Tyson. When he beat up. What did he beat up in Atlantic City? knock them out in the 57 seconds. He was one of the brothers with the mouthpiece.

Lee spankings Michael Spinks

it eat deck in the main room. Unless I come out Jackman crossing one, two, the different room. I gotta come out one two in the main room, right in the original room. The gauge is who you're following, huh? I gotta follow Chris Dullea with a I got who came out this year who came out again, Travis. With a flying sidekick. February servers. I got to come up with a flying side pick up the original room. Okay, so people break it down for you in the original room. You got to follow Joe Rogan crystally or Bill Burr like I had a couple of weeks ago. I gotta come out from the curtain. Okay, and so I'll fly psychic upward. This hasn't been done since Bruce Lee in the Chinese connection. There's no it's not only me and you would usually do a full I have psychic from an evil ground, right? No, I gotta go upward. Huh? That's the comedy and the fucking original rule. That's what you see me go bananas where you see me at my best, like crazy. Read the face about to have a heart attack, pitching your heart out on stage, you have to come out with a flying sight. That's a crazy move you but you go on a vertical or a tremendous up, you're on your back kick. And yet gotta get on my shoulders and kick up and try to get in the jaw. That's the original room, the belly room. I can rest on my right hook. I could rest on my one toe,

the belly room you can I could breathe

and just throw one Tuesday and keep you off me. The Breathe deep. my composure. And even though you hit me with some of those zoom guy, oh, slugs. I'm gonna, I'm gonna if I keep my hands up and stay away from your right, I'll be okay. That's the belly room. That's why the belly room I always thought would be a great place to shoot us. But you

know what's great about the belly rooms the same thing that's great about the White House, the Ice House annex the second room? Yes, that's a yeah, there's no room for an act. There's no room for an access to intimate. Like, you have to figure out where's the no fat aspect of the bid. And you got to be tuned into the bid field,

my 55th birthday up there. I put the ice house. What days that it's a Saturday, the 19th The 19th I can't get the Comedy Store. So I got the original room. I got the small room at the Ice House on the 17th and 19th. And then the 18th I got the original room. I got the belly room at the Comedy Store. And it's the night before George Washington's birthday. So I got people doing that one too. So I've turned 55 that week. Oh shit and working out with Uncle Joey. I only tried to 10 or 15 bucks. I do that once a month. And I go into stage two. And you just fuck around everything I write down on notebooks I don't really know about and we develop it together up there. And sometimes it's phenomenal. Nine out of 10 It really is phenomenal. It's a good idea. Well, I'm gonna tell you why. Because I'm at 30%. I purposely did that. Purposely, I wouldn't do that at the Comedy Store on the Saturday night. No, no, I purposely did that. It will take the edge off. Okay, I might even have a shot of alcohol. Oh, oh, just one three points. Yeah. Because I don't need much alcohol. So I'll do an edible and have a little shot alcohol at the Ice House and tape it and always get one or two great things Joe Rogan. I'm not gonna say I got an hour of greatness. But because you're so relaxed, and they know what they're getting. It's the right difference show. The Comedy Store Listen, how do you sharp a metal? With

metal? Comedy Store stones?

You do? We do? We do. Especially in June? May I gotta go to the Comedy Store three nights four nights a week. That's firing that's that's the gym and throw it loaded data data. Who's next? None another Dullea get up there. Take us do take downs for now. Take them down. I don't care how it was. That's what you do before you shoot the spread? Don't

you thinking you need all of it? Right? You need the sets? You need the writing you need to set

all that you need to writing you need to working out Yeah, your head in the right place. Absolutely.

You know what else I think you need you need friendship.

I think that helps. I think that would I think that when you set up somebody on the phone the other day, and you also know that you got to when I get there, you gotta leave some stuff to aggravate.

But I've thought about this many times. Like, who would I be without you guys? Like who would I be without you? Who would I be without Eddie? Who would I be without? redband? Who would it be without ra who would I be without Duncan I think Tom's Gerwig about the same thing. I'm who would I be these these people like Bert. They mean a lot to me. Like they're very important people. And then there's your family which is through the moon. That's that that kind of love is very weird that that kind of love is over whelming How? How much it changes who you are.

Yeah, the you were talking about the tower G KUNDO.

The Bruce Lee book,

and you were saying that, you know a lot of excerpts were stolen. And yeah, I don't even know okay, we're not even that's not the proper word that I use play drugs. I have a tie with Joey Diaz. And half of that tau, is what I learned from Joe Rogan. The other half of that time was what I learned from Aria and working with Duncan. None of us are very original. I just kick it up a bit. One thing I love about you is you didn't sell T shirts have to show. You don't need to do nothing. When I go into a town I focus on five shows. I don't want to do your podcast. I don't want to go see the Statue of Liberty. I really don't. Right. He's got a kick ass I'm there to go to get a good meal. After the first show, it's a small club, it's sold out. Let me not go out and take pictures. Let me focus on the important thing which then I'm 55 I gotta give you 150 Fucking percent. Right and those are the towel. You know, I'm up early. I do my radio. I'm up early to get out of there. Every once in a while on Saturday, you got to have a you got to have a drink with the audience, you know shot on stage or whatever.

You know what I've come to think of myself as one piece of

I'm a piece of three or four you guys if you want the truth are we I like Ari's relaxation on stage. Are we? It takes chances. Like we all look wow, three of us love to take chances. Yeah, that's why we do what we do. You're not gonna get the same our year after fucking year not even close.

We also have a similar style of mixing everything

up. Yeah, like I have. Everybody has their own towel, man. Yeah, you know, Bruce Lee just he just wanted to teach you had a combined. That's what we're doing right now. For sure. You think I'm Johnny original. I take a little bit of you mean anything I learned from Bert. I learned from Tom. I learned from Bill Burr. I learned from Dave Chappelle. And now this is your art again. This everybody the armbar is the same whether I go to you or John jugular show me the same Right, right. Yeah, it's how I do it. Yep.

Yep. It's the same point. It's a really good point. I think there's no way you could ever say any one person is not influenced because every single style of stand up comedy is in some way or another originated with like the Lenny Bruce is and you know, the Dick Gregory's and the you know, the guys who were doing it Wait Did the danger fields guys doing it way back in the day. And even Bob Hope all those guys, they started this thing. You got to think the world has had no stand up comedy. Up until like, what 100 Fucking 50 years ago or something. That's nothing. This shit just started. And y'all was one of the first guys to do it. Mark motherfucking Twain, Mark motherfucking Twain would do readings of his book and it was funny and people would laugh. He was in front of people rockin he was killing. He was telling stories and reading and people thought he was hilarious. give speeches. They found

somebody before Mark Twain, I'm sure but he was a really popular writer years

ago yet. There is living proof that that standards existed before as a form of this art form existed before. Yeah, in some civilization. I did read that a couple of years. I'm sure. Some. Yes. There was some Sure. And because and now I see myself on stage like when I take my SATs now. Oh, I hear. I hear a little Joe Rogan. I hear a little rugby. I hear a little Lenny Bruce. I love Lenny Bruce's. Yeah, man, Dave dig. That's I love that Levy. Bruce said shit that you didn't know. People said Fuck yeah. And it wasn't dirty. Not just a certain word. Like when I go on stage that, you know. You don't want to know my little kid in the place. Moluccas was murdered. What's he what's he's right, right. Right. My little kids just bad luck. But that's something Larry Clark would say the fuck were you? He put them a look on me. You will all we're not plagiarizing or doing anything like that.

No, we're influenced. We're influenced.

Also wrong with one thing

that's important is we're all real fans of comedy. I know. You're still a fan. You still enjoy watching comedy. We'll have it.

Go to the fourth wall LACERA rogue. The fourth wall was with Mickey told rocky to do. Dog I got it. You don't mean? Mickey told rocky do what? Because not? Because he wanted he somebody took Oh, no. I'm sorry. Apollo took rock. dirty gym. So look at that. Look at these mother fatigue you back? No, no, no, no, no. He took them to his own black gym. And he goes, I wanted you to look at these guys. So you can look at their eyes. And he goes remember when your eyes used to be like that, right? Oh, that's right. He goes remember when your eyes used to be like that rock. So lately, I've been going before I go out and then I go to the fourth wall in North Hollywood. And I pay five hours to do five minutes. And the rule is you have to sit down you know, most open mics should do your states time when you leave. Right? You have to sit down and watch others. Why don't I tell you something the last six weeks I've learned more from watching these open mic errs than anything because I also realized that where I was when I was one of these guys. I wanted what I had right now. I wanted to be a headline. I wanted to not be a rich guy but I wanted to just be funny. I wanted to be accepted as a comedian. And ever since I've been going into fourth Whoa, I got about three or four nights a week. I pay five hours to do five minutes. I'm no better than anybody else. But the main thing is he asked me when I want to go up. And I always tell him towards the end. Because I want to watch these kids. Enjoy every time I leave that Briley laughing and I fucking learn something, really. And I'm back, no alcohol in there, Joe Rogan just fucking eight people watching you do five minutes. I want you to think about when you would do in five minutes. And what was going through your head, I'm just telling you and my heart's beating. Because I still remember bombing and leaving. They're thinking, now I'm gonna have to get all the way to job or now you're gonna have to get a cook job. These guys all have day jobs. They all talk about their shitty jobs. But every time I go to the Fourth Ward, bro, I fucking learn something. I go there. Some nights I go to flappers. I go there some nights I go to the store. I go there some nights I go to the ha ha. I do it that way. But I always go there. And every time I go there, I always go there with like five minutes planned, bro. It doesn't even hit the stage. Because from watching those guys, I learned something. I remember something. And I just come up with this crazy story. So I look at it as like a like doing

kettlebells Yeah,

that's a good way to look at it.

I really do. I look at these young guys and I remember that pain and that confusion that I had that fucking feeling you had when you were an open mic er and your friends are telling you you were funny. But you still had to drive the limo keep the paper job route or still drop off papers or whatever the fuck job you said you had. You told me the story about meeting at Atlantic's and all that you're still in that crossroads of comedy, where you don't know what to do but you know, in your fucking heart that you just can't wait to be a headliner. If somebody would just give you a chance.

Back then I wasn't even thinking I could ever be a headliner. I was really just hoping I could make a living. I never thought I'd wind up being

what do you mean living? You mean food? One bedroom? Yeah, cable TV.

There was a guy that had a fucking loft. He was the king. guy had a loft. They had taken a schoolhouse and turned it into condominiums. This guy I never I'll never forget. I looked up to him. I couldn't believe where he was living DJ hazard. That's his name. Hilarious. Comedian. Oh my god. Yeah. Well, DJ has always been a real nice guy. And excellent. Very funny. Very funny guy always has been but I remember he had a like a loft apartment. I remember everybody talked about it. It's like what it's got brick walls inside. He was like, he was the king. He was living like an adult. But he was. He was a stand up comedian. Like everybody else we had thought about like, you know, you live and like you're barely getting by stuff and a bunch of guys into a house. You know, there was a lot of like comedy flop houses or comedians would wind up moving in together or you're living in some shitty apartment that you could barely afford? Or you live with your girlfriend or something? So it's it's weird when you go back and think about it? No. Like he could have quit at any time. Think about it. Think about your early days when it's terrible and just bombed all the time. Like it was

John Leguizamo. Really? Yeah, I watched him do his set one night at the yell triple and in front of eight or nine people. And he in his mind, he was at the garden. Wow. It's like, I get it now, bro. Is you me too.

I left at home. You know who one of the most proud moments as a young comedian when I was at the Comedy Store. And I did a set in front of you know, like literally like maybe five or six people. But I did it as hard as I would do it in a regular room. And I heard in the back Paul Mooney going, ah, ah lat laughing and support. You know how Paul Mooney would laugh and support and you would go Oh, shit, I just got the green light from Paul fucking Mooney. I Paul Mooney was laughing at my shit. And he came up to me after the show. And he goes, he goes, You're a real comic. He's like you did that show in front of all those people? And he goes, you knew that there was five fucking people in that room? You did that show like it was packed? Because that's a real comic. Because you made me laugh. That's what you want to become when a guy like Paul Mooney says that to you. When you're just coming up. You're like, holy shit. Like I might be able to figure this out. I might be able to do this. It's big, right? Someone coming?

You know, it's crazy when you do a spot at the store. You know, you're in the big leagues, bro. Like no matter where I do a spot when I travel. That's one day. When I'm at the store on a Thursday night, Tuesday night. You know you're in some fucking good company. You're doing something right? Yes. Or you did something right. Yeah, it's I love when comics are in the room. I love laughing at comics. I love going into the stall early and catch in two or three great comics and laugh and that makes my fucking night. Whether it's you or even Bobby Lee is so fucking out of his mind on stage. You know, lately we began to run whites in the fucking Bill. Bill Burr.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, Ron Wyden bill burr last

week Ali Wong there was a lineup out there all the time. There was a lineup

last week that was just ridiculous insane two weeks ago. That night I saw you down and I was just ridiculous places on fire. I was on the way down. I have anxiety. You know, I puked on the car one time on the way down definitely anxiety going down and following while I'm having the surgery at

March 5 for your ear. Yeah. And what do they have to do? Exactly?

put a tube in there. Wow. To drain the fluid. What's what fluids in your ear? Whenever it's getting to the point where Listen, bro for the last six months I've been living with plugs when I go to the shower. Now I got away of bugs when I go to jujitsu. Why what's going on with your ears because the fluid goes in. I don't know dog. I stuck a beat in my head. When I was six. I was playing that game please. I spill the beans.

And then you stuck one year and fucked it up.

They couldn't get it out. I just left it that rotted over it when my mother put hot oil in there. They took care so they wrecked my ear. So today I get a

doctor didn't take it out. Yeah, I went up to

the Jewish Hospital on 68th and Broadway.

How that's hurting my ear just thinking about it. So

50 years later, because of my driving or whatever. Now I get carsick. So I have to even wear earplugs when I walk on walks in the top. I gotta wear earplugs because if not, the sweat goes in my ear.

You know what I used to get terrible fucking car sickness from trying to read a book in a car.

Oh yeah, you cannot do anything like that.

Because after a while you just like oh,

especially we're reading glasses at this really poor reading glasses on and try to read it to where the jack come around that turn where the four or five hits the 101 Let's see what happens to your fucking stomach.

It's a weird thing, huh? Motion sickness. Some people get it all the time.

I get it all the time. Not on planes not I get it if I get high and get on a boat. Caught on the Jersey Shore get on the boat. I'm done. I gotta take the pills. Oh,

that tree those pills. Dramamine is brutal. That stuff is rather bcsa got to be that tired. I'd rather be sick. I'll throw up. I don't give a fuck. That. Sucks. But at least I don't feel like I'm drugged out like I fell asleep in a diner. Me and my friend Jimmy Attilio. We went a blue fish fishing among those party boats. On the way home. We stopped at a diner to get some meat. I literally fell asleep. Head down on the table. I literally was like drugged out. Well, you are the drama me? Yeah, I was on drama man. And I was only like 150 pounds back then. 154 pounds. That was like, what what I was weighing when I was competing. And I never did anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't drink. I didn't smoke pot and didn't. I didn't do shit. So when that dropped me in my system, my system was like, check, please. It just shut down. I couldn't hear I had no tolerance at all. I felt completely asleep at a diner. But I tried to take with my friend Jimmy took he's way bigger than me. I think I just overdosed

when, when Harvey Weinstein gets out of rehab, and he wants to come on the podcast, would you let him on?

I'd let him on if you're coming on to. Why? Because we're gonna have some fun with them. Oh, yeah, it's hotbox him.

We want that we want to fuck him real footage. He's got some. You

can you can have them anywhere. You know that guy especially in the middle. We're joking around folks, especially in the middle of a trial because he's in the middle of like a ton of trial. Oh, well, he

comes back he's gonna get charged

for sure something's gonna happen. There's so many different trials in terms of like civil lawsuits and stuff. There's a lot of women saying he did horrible things. It's in undoubtably there's no way he's gonna skate talk what's gonna happen something civic trial criminal trial some

days from the have civil trials? Absolutely. We're changing

as a species. That's what's happening and in the way it's like, we're making it up as we go along. There's a lot of rocky things are happening a lot of chaos and, but there's awareness of like what you should and shouldn't do to human beings in terms of like, forcing yourself on people and, you know, fucking them when they say no, it's like, right. And the idea that we're still doing that in 2018 and people are doing that at a really high level. It's like, oh, boy,

I have creepy thanks. I'm outta this fucking town course right off the bat. Soon as I got here, I heard the creepiest fucking things. Boy, you got Insulite the movies like I already read creepy things and I saw creepy behavior. And listen man, you never want to call a fucking spade a spade because you get in trouble. But you look at Kevin what's his name spark was?

Which guy Kevin Spacey? Kevin Spacey. You

can tell he sucks deck punch. You want to know he would suck a dick part time. If you looked at Kevin Spacey? If you look at that fucking dude, Lee Harvey Weinstein, you can't tell that that dude would make you suck his dick. Before think about that. And all these people took pictures with him. What happened to the fucking agents that actually sent you on that mission? To Lee Harvey's fucking hotel room? I want to know what the fuck they are. They didn't know that Lee Harvey was going to come out with a massage and ask you to suck his fucking deck or watch them naked. But we knew for a long fucking time. Everybody knew when there's a fucking gap. When you have a dream, and you have power, a lot of things can happen. I mean, I'm no fucking Liberace. But I got my picks up at the Comedy Store. Just because of being a comedian. And somebody thought that you were like, had supernatural powers? It's fucking crazy. And if you don't know about fucking Hollywood Listen, man. They've been fucking people to the dead for years. Look at this fucking Marilyn Monroe. That bitch and you know and who else was a dirty motherfucker that fucking Liberace? Yeah, that guy was making you sign contracts making you fucking have plastic surgery making

you look like him?

Are you fucking kidding me? There's been some creepy fucking shit in this town that got away with the fuck and zillions he is. And now I tell you what, man. I'm more for the movement. I'm all for it. I have a daughter. You have daughters. I have sisters. I got friends. A day when fucking bothers me the most I pay the only thing that bothers me out of this. You know what, bro? Who was in pappy on with Steve McQueen?

I don't remember. Dustin

Hoffman was in if he fingerbang in 73 Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. People changed. I'm not the same guy who kidnapped Kenny bell in 1987. I'm not sorry, Joe. I'm not. So how you gonna come back at me about something? I did? 1987 I was a different guy. I was doing blow. I asked you to fingerbang it. You can't do that, that I don't want to do. Don't let somebody's fucking career because he stuck a finger in your ass and 92 and now it came back to you to the scale of amnesia. You can't do that to me. You want to call me out personally? Call me the fuck out. Call me at home and go hey, man, and 94 one that you asked me if you can eat my asshole. You were wrong. Listen, I was doing an eight ball a day. What do you want from me? All right, right. I resolve that issue that I understand. But don't call me out on something like that. 1972 people fucking change bro. That's what pissed me off. It's a giant

this giant gaps we're talking about like, pivot it was 1985

and don't fucking call me out. If you call me out. Call me out with a friend.

Where were you talking about? Look at what level though if it gets to rape

a dog from that's not even allowed. That word never entered my mind. Right? I'm talking about if I was kicked out of the bar when I know what I'm doing. I told you the attendees would bang right and I want to put coke rock in your asshole right? You can't come at me for some in 1988 Because I used to do it every other night. That was my opening line. Listen, yes, I was on fire. What's it gonna take for me to stick my tongue in that fucking thing and make that thing jiggle? You know you're not gonna listen. You're not gonna get a piece as by selling somebody real estate. You got to sell them dick. Well,

the ones that it works on this the ones you want. Like if you can go up to a gal and say that to her?

Yeah, when I was like, Oh,

if I knew you were a girl. And I knew you did coke. And you had that certain look in your eye. What's the coke look? The Coke look that is when you do cocaine you do dirty fucking things. So when you look at a girl that's doing cocaine and she's like I see suggest to you that she's going back to your hotel with you. It's on nobody goes back to the hotel with you and they have a boyfriend if you're doing coke because percentages keep getting

go higher and higher. Well coke apparently makes people promiscuous right

makes people go fucking bananas. Oh, suck good deck. So you take somebody's wife up to your hotel room, and it's 6am and she's doing coke with you. You'll notice that one of the time she comes out of the bathroom, the button will be opened. Then the next time she comes out, she'll come out to tell your story and her pants will come out and she'll button in front of you. Little things start to happen give you signs It's pretty soon you're like listen enough and then take off your pants I'm gonna see you play which was doo doo doo doo doo that's what the what gets me right now is the the 20 year call out the 30 year call on man gonna ruin Dustin Hopkins Korea he was given a foot rubs he was asking him ask him acting creepy, but you know what bro? Part of that shit we allow that creepiness in society and we turn our fucking heads. You follow them? I'm sure you that the type of ever turn your head no, I'm not the type to turn my head but I noticed that

I noticed that the cocaine thing is a real interesting one because you see people making crazy decisions. Just real nutty fucking decisions. Oh, you

sell a Tonin melatonin. Your whole system. So your whole system's delusional. I remember going out like after a long night and not sleeping. Okay, now, that comes to a point where you have this paranoia where you don't leave the house. But now that comes to a paranoia that you're going to leave the house and bump into somebody. And guess what? Sometimes you actually do you go to a 711 to get a soda and you bump into somebody who's in the same predicament as you. That happened to me once I was I went by Gavin's I think I was staying with Rafi and I went by Gavin's and on the first floor there was just check that we used to be a stripper. And she had a door that was about 13 kind of ugly. She was like Pavarotti we used to call it Bob Marathi because she had thick fucking eyebrows and shit. But a mother was kind of a freak. And I got up like, like I was up all night. It was like nine in the morning and I was about to call my drug dealer to get a package at 11 that keep the party alive. And I bumped into that animal and the stairway and she asked me like, you know, I get some coke. I was on my way. That chick was engaged. Oh, I'll never forget this. She was engaged. And I go I'm on my way right now she goes, Do you want to split the gram? I know. Yeah, split the grand. It was like 30 bucks. We went over there. We spent the fucking grand we went back. Her daughter was sleeping. So we had to do the coke in the hallway on the first floor. Right under the stairway. And after we did two blanks, we were just standing there looking at each other. And she's like, Don't even ask. I just told the guy that was bothering me all night. I wouldn't give them insight like listen, it's 10 in the morning, I'll do something here. And I started swapping spit with the next thing you know she's stuck in the helmet. And when I went to come she goes don't do that. And I came on the jeans. Like it was all over her jeans. It's 1130 in the morning, you come on some of these jeans. You're coked up. I felt like a piece of shit. That's the worst of it. I see her three nights later without compadre and she's with her boyfriend. And her boyfriend comes over to me he goes hey man, we might have a problem here and I'm like what what's going on? He goes my girls little bit angry. I don't know what happened but I think you should apologize. I felt like when I came on the pants that's what happened that you tell you that like that's easy to coke world this oh my god like she told her boyfriend. She was angry at me It's none of your business wide but so he came up with it because I don't know what's going on. You're a nice guy. I don't know what's going on. I feel like going you know why she blew me a lot in the morning. That's it I came on a jeans I shot a load on the jeans she couldn't fucking like what are you spraying your jeans to get shut off? I'm gonna shout it out. Shout out that spring if she fucking wanted to that oh no vitamins in my system. I weighed 380 pounds those genes was stayed for life

I did the dumbest shit on all the house drugs the dumbest shit and especially the year it took me to get off it what's going on? Someone at our door. Okay, who the fuck is this page in May of 546 in the morning crack at dawn. What's going on? Next?

Probably someone dropped off.

Anyways, my brother Jonathan we gotta get out of here eventually. All right,

gotta leave eventually.

I'm good. I'm having a good time. It was good to see us good to see you too man. Jamie my man I thought about you when I saw a fucking the Crimson Tide come back against them I thought about you who'd you bet

that one yeah, I lost them that when I told me that Chuck said Heartland some stuff.

I can't go straight up you love those sucker bets are gonna go straight out. It's

winning the lottery. Why went 120 bucks when you can want to under

no because I'd rather raise my percentage of bet one and double up on it and just worry about what? Why am I sweating two moves with a fucking minor sweat to move? I

don't want to get in that long game.

Oh my god fall

too deep like you're talking about the whole four

pieces. What's the next fight? I'm

exciting? We got some great cards to go over the Rachael Romero fight runs

great Romero and then you got March 7 Khabib. against Tony for shit and Brooke coming at you from all directions. That's gonna be Brooklyn, New York. Are you doing the show that week? Yeah.

Isn't April. It's April right April. What's the exact date?

April 7,

I believe? Yeah, I think

that's that's a crazy fight has a hard time I'm at soccer

robots fight to 23 that's who the fuck knows fight. You know? That's one of those fight we like, ooh, that's gonna be a crazy one. Tony Ferguson is a bad motherfucker. And Khabib Nurmagomedov is already one of the scariest guys I've ever seen compete ever malls people already. This is his first shot at the title. Just stop and think what what happens if that fucking savage gets the title? That guy some mashes people what he did to Edson Barboza was supernatural. It's like he's not even the same thing.

You said something during that fight that said it all. There was one point of fight that you said, Look at the look.

In essence face. Yeah. And

I've had that look. And that's when you're getting chased by 18 people. He had a look that he did. No,

he said, No. He had no hope. He went into like a survival situation like like when you see a deer that's getting attacked by a crocodile or something. They have this like survival thing where you're like, you're just trying to survive, obviously deer is not the same. i That's terrible analogy. correct this? What I think is that Barboza had realized that like, There's no way he's going to beat this guy on the ground, it's not even close. Like, I think if he went to that fight, he probably thought it'd be cool stuff more takedowns and probably be able to get back off his feet because he was doing that with a lot of guys in camp. But once that guy gets a hold of you, there's an acceptance that certain fighters go through, where they they're locked down, like holy shit, like they're just drained from this animal mall, and I'm trying to retain their energy, trying to recharge their battery trying to get back in it. And you gotta realize that guy isn't verbose is one of the best fucking kickers ever, ever. He's one of the best kickers ever. That fucking guy's the fastest switch kicker I've ever seen in my life. Outside of like, professional Moy tie like Sansai or blue cow or something like that. He's got a world class left leg kick. I mean, whoa, as fast as fuck. He couldn't keep that guy off him.

Face to me where he drilled for hours. He drilled take down the fence. He drove everything there was but he never drove this couldn't do it. Like there was one point where he looked and he was like, Wait a second. I've done everything I can I even I even trained with the Giants taking me down for a week. Different animals ever felt this dip. I don't know how he keeps you down either. His control on that side is fucking something that is.

There's certain guys that have a grappling skill that it's very hard to see when you look at even if you you're a skillful grappler yourself, you're looking at someone like you like why is he able to do that to everybody? Like what? What is he doing differently? Like why is this one guy been able to do certain things that other people can't do? And there's a few of those guys out there while you're watching me just go Jesus, like what the fuck and but comedians, the number one guy in that category because he's never been defeated, said one moment of adversity and the guy had clipped by a punch from Michael Johnson. I can't think of a single round he's lost. Not off the top my head at least. I mean, he may have lost rounds on some judges scorecards, but he's essentially mauled. Every motherfucker they put in front of them. He's an animal. So this guy versus Tony. It's phenomenal fight. Because Tony is a savage and Tony fights very well off of his back. He is a seriously dangerous guard. You can't sleep on him. He's durable as fuck. He can knock you out. He never gets tired. And he's his game as they come. And he's a fucking champ right now. He's the interim champ. You know when he beat Kevin Lee with a triangle, you beat a top guy like Kevin Lee with a fucking triangle. That's a big move. Tony is dangerous. Nasty. DARS chokes is Darce choke is one

of the capitalists great but he wasn't ready for Tony Brown. Kevin Lee has too sick

to adapt. That's the heads direction but no, unquestionably.

He wasn't totally as is too high level that was too. You could see the second round perhaps

I would like to see that fight again. We have to say that we're sorry. But I think that if you wanted to have them fight again, and Kevin Lee can go in there. Fight healthy. I think you'd see a very different fight. I don't think you would see Tony. I'm not saying that you would see Tony lose or Kevin win, but I would think you would see a Kevin Lee that could sustain his performance longer. I think being drained from staff it's just, there's no there's no if and I've had it before, it's the worst. Your body can suck the worst but it's not good your body goes into a very weakened state. It's your new are not the same thing. You're just not you can if you're a real professional, you can go out there and do your job and a lot of guys have a lot of guys have fought and won Luke Rockhold beat Chris Weidman on antibiotics How about that? He was fighting off staff when he beat Chris fucking Weidman That's how good Luke Rockhold is. Guys have done it, but that's not him at 100% he wanted he wanted 70 or 80 or whatever the fuck it was. You know? There's no doubt about it staph infections and antibiotics both fuck you up and Kevin Lee I believe opted to not take the antibiotics so after the fight, so he didn't want to weaken his system, but he's still weakened by the staff. Fuck.

Falco shield,

Demetrius Johnson vs TJ Dillashaw superfight targeted for UFC 226 and Co main event. Oh, shit where 226 I don't know July Vegas.

Oh, Steve a DC fight.

Oh shit. That's a big holiday some bro. They got some good cards coming up. That's a greatest cattle sleeps. Don't sleep motherfucker. This game might run by buyers shit. I was motherfucking fight to getting better and better. Now again.

I'd love to see Steve Vai become a superstar.

Me too.

I think I think he deserves it. And I think you look at where that guy is right now. Like, what is more American this guy like you said with his immigrant name. What is more American than a guy who works right now as a fireman while he's the UFC Heavyweight Champion, the world and row is a great loser good and broke the record broke the record for the most defensive beat the scariest contender we've seen in a decade. You know?

Again, I watched the podcast a lot you had those guys on you were talking about the tower Jake window. And I think that a lot of people really miss out on the main thing. And this is what you miss out with me and everyone I've ever been out with. You know, no, I don't mean other people. You mean? Yeah. Like whenever I watch these Bruce Lee fucking things, and I see these kids that are 30 talking about Bruce Lee, I get sick to my style. Because Bruce Lee didn't bring martial arts to this country. Then he gave immigrants hope. I was a kid, I just come from a cube, The Green Hornet on Sunday nights, I would throw you out the window to watch that show when I was five. And then they canceled them. And then he came back with the first one that's supposed to be Fist of Fury. Some argue that was a flat that didn't do that good that introduced him. It was the one in 71 that Chinese connection when I was eight. That was a great movie that really put this country over. If you were it didn't mean you were a tough guy. How many how many on YouTube? How many black guys are there that think that Chinese didn't they got wisdom? What was the guy used to send you videos of?

I forget the guy's name. But there's a bunch of those

students make people tougher. He gave immigrants blacks. He gave them hope how many black dude started dressing like Bruce Lee and doing crazy shit and wearing kung fu kung fu outfits. You know everybody's wrong about Bruce Lee because I saw it. And I saw his death. And I saw how people would go to Chinatown because there was no internet

fighter still today and they go to Seattle. They go to his Greg I went to his grave.

I went to his grave took a picture and gave it to Eddie Griffin. That's why Eddie Griffin will always be indebted to me. Because I gave him a picture. Please, brave and your shit. That's how Bruce Lee when he died. There was no internet. They didn't report Bruce Lee's death on the news.

How do people find out about it? You found

that a week later, when the Chinese newspaper hit New York. And then in Chinatown, it came out through Chinatown. When I heard about it, I was forced to go to Chinatown and get the paperwork with the pictures. I heard we had there was an open casket in China. And the open casket was glass around him and him nobody believed Bruce Lee was dead. Then enter the dragon came up but bing bada boom, everybody made a million dollars and nobody said nothing. But his debt bro fucked people up. Like, you know, Bruce Lee gave hope because the Vietnam war was going on. And there was something else going on in this country that people don't remember that destroyed this country. You know, it shot this country down. What when the Beatles broke up, Jesus fucking Christ. Did people lose them? And so you always get into arguments with people. Led Zeppelin is a good band. Yeah, but wait till the Beatles get back together bitch, because they will always threaten you with the Beatles dog. I like Jethro Tull. Yeah, but then compared to The Beatles, so until John Lennon got shot, then those people had a voice fuck you and the Beatles, bitch. You know what your Springsteen is demand.

You know what you'd love? Go to the Mirage show the The Beatles, Cirque du Soleil show. It's called love. Fucking crap. When

did you go credible couple weeks ago.

You were there doing my family? Okay,

and I wanted to see the Cirque du Soleil show. It's supposed to be amazing right?

I see the original circus de sola well there's that guy nobody remembers bro The Beatles broke up this country went through a tough time you have no fucking idea you

don't have any idea if you're you're young you have no idea put it in

the Beatles let let it be out on the end of that would let it be dog that was it people

crack white people crack Jack fucking incredible song when you think about what John

died when John Lennon die. What happened in New York that Sunday? You think about that. That was amazing to look at. Now

he was on another level. The whole band was on another level. They were very psychedelic. Mostly

came in at the perfect time. The Beatles are breaking up Muhammad Ali. Muhammad Ali but also in 1973. This is a very interesting fact. at $50 and $15. Ticket sales. At $15 $12 $10. Ticket sales. This country gross $3 billion in concerts really? Go watch the 70s on CNN. The one of our music

I can't say so much good music came out of that time. That

era was on tour. They had a list of who was on tour. Zeppelin the stones. The who when I

was in high school, we always went to concert. You always when I was in concert with high school. We went to see Jay Geils Band? Yes. Who I saw Johnny Winter. I saw Jethro Tull I saw George Darrell good and destroyers.

He did a 5050 tour in 1981. That dude, he did 50 states in 50 days. That was the big thing to do. George Pharaoh Gretna destroyed people forgot about Jay Geils Band J giggles band that was

about freeze frame Angel as a centerfold he was married

to Faye Dunaway, that singer, whatever is Peter Wolf from my bad motherfucker.

I chill. I gotta wrap this pitch up. I got shoot.

I love you, too. So

we're gonna do this in June, June, June. Do we plan on it right now, folks, we'll keep you guys updated. But I'm gonna direct and put together Joey Diaz is comedy special. We're gonna let mana fuckers know immigrant mentality coming to everybody. Thank you.

Thank you.
