Boom and we're live. Thanks for doing this man. I appreciate it. Thank you for having me appreciate that. You're the only guy I've ever had in the studio where when I showed up, you were working out.

That's what I do mask my life. That's my life. It's pretty crazy, though. I mean, how much time did you have when you got here? I got here about an hour early. Oh, okay. Yeah, okay, we got a little early. So I got here shirt off doing chin up, who's hilarious. I didn't get my camera out in time for you saw me I wanted to take some pictures, maybe next time. Next time? Well, I'll catch you after the show.

You are a guy that for a lot of people, you sort of embody the idea of hardening your mind. And figuring out a way to do things that most people think are impossible, right? That's you've sort of become that guy over your life. And you've become that guy for a lot of people, including me online. We've talked about you on the podcast a ton of times. So having you in here has been very exciting to me. I appreciate that. Thank you. How'd you become that guy? You know what? I grew up? Not that guy. Yeah. So a lot of people put a title on me. They want to, they see me now. They see me now is the guy that with his shirt off, who can do 4030 Pull Ups and 17 hours you can work towards and five miles and 39 hours, who can do all this crazy shit. But what they don't understand is they don't understand the journey that it took me to get to this point. And what got me to this point was I was just the opposite of running the day. I was that guy who ran away from absolutely everything I got in front of me, but not many people knew that I had to people had to like the real me was like this. Very scared, insecure. Stuttering got beat up by his dad all kind of stuff. And I bought this fake person that walked around like my shit didn't stink. You know? You know? Yeah. So that was that's kind of how I did it. And I do process of time, I realized that I was lying to myself and lying to people. But it's a fascinating journey, though. Because you are that guy now. Right? And you genuinely are legit badass, right? At one point in time. You were a legit terrified person. Yes. So what was the process? Like? How did how did you step forth?

Well, it's a it's a long process, right?

I my dad beat the shit on me. I was growing up. We I was the first black baby born in this hospital called Miller Fillmore in Buffalo, New York. My dad owns skating rinks. He owned bars. He ran prostitutes from Canada to Buffalo, New York. My dad was a big time pimp big time. anything bad about a person big time hustler. He was American. You know, that movie with Denzel Washington. He was that but not that bad. Right? Yeah, he wasn't that big. But that's what it reminds me of. He was that kind of guy. And beat the shit out of me this year. You know, out of my mom, there was an incident one time when my mom got knocked out and top of the stairs, he drove down the stairs by her hair. And at six years old, I'll never forget this. In my mind, I was always afraid. My whole life, I was afraid I had this fucking voice this, this conscience that would always be battling me said, Hey, you got to get up and do something. I didn't want to do shit. You know, I was just afraid. But I would that that voice would force me to get up. And my dad, you know, I tried to beat him up whatever it six and I get my ass kicked. So this went on for several years. And I have a big time learning disability cuz my dad didn't believe in us going to school. So my dad, it was about the business, the skating rink in the bar. So this game opened by seven o'clock at night. And this time, I was able to walk. So about, you know, four or five, six years old eight, nine. And I go to the skating rink, it's 10 o'clock at night, and I worked the skating rink until 10. At night, and then we we scraped the gum off the floors. And we cleaned the whole skating rink up. And then my dad had office, and my brother and myself asleep in the office and my mom would go upstairs and work the bar until three o'clock in the morning. And then they cleaned the bar up. So after all that stuff was done with going to school rarely happened. So when I went to school, I was all kind of, you know, my my learning disability, I had social anxiety. I was just a jacked up kid from living in this tortured home from the outside looking in. We live in an all white neighborhood. And then we would travel to the ghetto of Buffalo, New York with a skating rink was that. So we, you know, we worked around mostly blacks, and I lived by mostly whites. But no one knew what was going on that house onto a one Paradise Road. You know, it's crazy. But my mom got courage to finally leave him. When I was about eight years old. We moved to a small town in Brazil, Indiana, and that's when the real war started for me. And Brazil in the end is a small town, great people, a lot of great people and I

say that because when people get offended, and I'm gonna get to the point where they get offended, there was about maybe 10 Black families at about 10,000 people in the town. And in 1995, the kk k marched in the Fourth of July parade. So this was a, not everybody was racist, there was a lot of good people, some of the best people I knew was here, but there's also a lot of racism there. So me being one of the few black kids net, you know, in that area, you know, it kind of haunts you, I had stuff on my notebook, you know, nigga, we're gonna kill you. On my Spanish notebook. They had that on my car naked, we're gonna kill this early 90s. And so, even though I sold, it didn't hurt me, it was jacking me up. So all the insecurities I had when I was a kid, with my father moved into this area here. And it just got worse and worse and worse. And it haunted me. And that voice that talked about, it kept talking louder, and louder and louder, but I will do nothing about it. And I decide to make moves. And I cheated all through school. And it's kind of humbling to talk about my story sometimes. And it's,

it's, it's also embarrassing, but it's real. It's Who the fuck I am, is what I am is what created me. And copy from the fourth grade to the to my junior year in high school on every assignment. And I want to get in the military want to join the Air Force. And the guy gave me an ASVAB test. It's like a watered down essay T. And I couldn't copy on it because the guy beside me had a test a test B that got him a ride had tests see. So I looked at copy on this test, and I couldn't copy and I got like a 20. And I wanted to be an Air Force Pair rescue man is guys that jump out of airplanes and save down pilots. It's a it's a special operator in the Air Force. And my score was so horribly low. That is we take it again. And he said, Hey, I gotta get 18 The second time, even worse, I need to get a 50 out of a 99. And so a mom and I, for a while we lived in the government subsidized apartments $7 a month, and also food stamps. And we slowly moved up to two or $3 month place, but at the time, you know, pretty poor. But

my mom afford enough money for me to go to see a tutor. One one hour a week. So for four hours a month, I had six months to study for our last test, I only take the ASVAB the ASVAB test three times. And I

studied my ass off and passed it. And I got in the Air Force and realized there was more things in front of me. I was afraid of water to terrify the water. And I learned how to swim. But what gets everybody in this training it all special off training is the water confidence where they try to pretty much drowned your ass. You know, all of our lives, we've been breathing. And they take that from you. If they want to see how comfortable you are underwater. And there's only 1% African Americans in special operations. And I didn't know anything about African, a lot of them are negative buoyant, which I am because of the bone density. I struggled. But six weeks in the program, there was about 25 guys left out of about 150 I was there. And I was never I didn't go to sleep for six weeks of the program. And I wanted to quit so badly. But I quit everything in my life a copy through school, I wanted to prove people wrong. So here I am in this Air Force program started get a little more confidence. But just water was kicking my ass. And six weeks in the program. That doctor gave me a blood test. It was I have sickle cell. sickle cell trait, not the anemia. But I still kill people. But so they put me on training for a week. And when you go from being very uncomfortable in that water situation, and then now you're comfortable and I'm sitting back watching the guys drowned. I'm not you know, I'm not part of the activities anymore for this week. I don't want to get back in that damn water again. So the fear overcoming all my insecurities from my dad from this small town from everything started coming back. And even though no one knew how fucked up I was kind of create this other person who was tough. I live with this should all time. So me not want to go back in that water. The doctor call me back up I thought to get like a, like a medical kick out of the military. So no quit. And for me, they'll kick me out so I can have some pride. The doctor said No, I'm gonna put you back into training. And I was like, fuck, but after a week, I'm like, You know what? I missed one week, there's only three weeks left is a good chance, you know, I could talk this shit out and go on. But I went back to the CEO and the commanding officer of the program. And a sergeant said, Hey, you got to start from day one. Because you missed you know that we could train him and I broke I broke I couldn't imagine going back through that again. So I made up a lie. And I said man and sickle cell things really scare me it was the fucking water wouldn't sickle cell. And I pretty much quit even though they gave me a medical.

I quit. So

from the age of 19 These are 22 I went into the job called tak p where you can show fast movers behind enemy lines cool job but there's no water. I was afraid the water

So I avoided it. And I gained 125 pounds. in that timeframe, I went from 175 to almost 300 to 297 was my heaviest. And I started finding things that was comfortable. And the more things I found comfortable, the more uncomfortable My mind was. Because that voice I was telling you about, it always was there. I was just trying to avoid that conscience. I wanted to be left alone from that conscience and it wouldn't leave me alone. So I got out of the Air Force, and I started working for a job called Ecolab, re spray for cockroaches at 24. And spraying at different steak and shakes, Red Lobster, whatever, from 11 o'clock at night, it's 10 o'clock in the morning. And what changed, I came home and watched his Discovery Channel show. Class 224 I came home from steak and shake, I sprayed it down last get a big old large 42 ounce shake, walk across the street and get a box of mini doughnuts from 711 an hour drive home for 45 minutes. This big old fat guy who Yeah, I worked out but I was fat. I didn't run didn't PT I just hit the gym. So I'm driving home, turn the TV on and but comes on Discovery Channel. So and that's where everything changed for me. I was taking a shower, I walked out hurt these guys. And I watched the show. And it made me reflect big time on the piece of shit that I am. And I'm exactly what people said I was gonna be. So So what was on the show that really struck home. It was I saw these guys going into water. So I was terrified of it. I mean, I can't even express Have you ever had a big fear. And I know a lot of fighters have fears and stuff like that, but they get over. But a lot of us have these fears that you just don't want to fucking face. And I have a lot of them had a lot of them. And that's what created the person who's in front of you today. And we'll get into that.

But I'm just a scare bitch. It was what I was. And, but I was watching these guys going through hell week, class 224. And he's guys ringing the bell quittin dropping their helmet down rolling out. A lot of guys is leaving. And it made me reflect on my fears, my insecurities. And I saw real men what I thought were real men who were staying, who were overcoming adversity who were overcoming all these different things that I had blamed so many fucking people in my life, my dad, my mom for not being there. When I was 14 years old, my my mom was gonna get remarried to this great guy, he got murdered. And then I moved back to a small town in Brazil and and everybody was applying my learned disability my my skin color. You know, me being everything. And so I sat there for a while and I was like, Man, I gotta fucking I got it. No one's gonna fucking come to help me. No one's gonna fucking come to help me he's just fucking me against me period. And so I had to man up. And I said, Of course he got started doing his face and every fucking fear half about what the fuck it is man. And in these things would keep me up and no one. People who are hearing this shit, they will never really understand and grasp. When you face these things, and so many things, how they keep you up and haunt you at night. I think there's a lot of people out there that know what you're talking about. I mean, and so that's what it did. And i i two options to either be that 300 pound guy who's pray for cockroaches and made $1,000 a month. And at 24 years old knowing we're not 50 fucking years old, I can reflect on this and think about what God never became. Or I can totally just suck it up and fail and fail and fail and to succeed. So I started calling recruiters up, I said, I'm gonna be a fucking navy seal. And every recruiter so there's a weight and height is so the weight weight and height limit to get in the military. And I was six foot one and 297 and I had prior service which was a big deal. So I called all his recruiters up and often said, Hey, how tall are you blah, blah, blah, they get into conversations, see if he's even qualified. And by time I got to my wait for him to hang up pretty much like hey, you know what, call somebody else know, try to get in the reserves. So I tried to get the reserves. And I call this guy named Steven Sal job recruiter. And he said, Hey, come on in. He saw me put me through the weight standard, all this other stuff. And to get into the class, I had to get into how to lose 106 pounds in less than three months. So I was like, fuck that. I can't do that. I grabbed my chocolate milkshake and went back to Ecolab. I'm going back to work, man. This is my life. So in this job, you look you looking for cockroaches looking for rodents and stuff like that. And this next morning or this next night, I went to work, and I hit the outlet cockroaches too much. I hit the mother lode of cockroaches. And this restaurant got full of cockroaches and rodents and everything else. And I sat there I say this is my life. I said this is my life. You are exactly who the fuck. This is it. And I said this ain't gonna be it for me. So, in that restaurant, I quit.

My job left my canister in that restaurant my spray canister, got back in my Ecolab truck and I went home. And I started working out like somebody I was I became the most obsessed person on the planet Earth. It was basically

I had to invent a guy that didn't exist had to invent a guy that can take any pain any suffering any kind of judgment be called nigger be call whatever the fuck in the world and be able to stand in front of him and say Go fuck yourself. And it built I had to build this callus mine. And I built it through suffering. I built it to downright fucking just crushing myself if it was raining outside three o'clock in the fuck more if it was snowing. The first thing is thing is don't go out there and do shit. My ethic was we got to fucking go out there. Anything that was fucking horrible in my life that I would normally say no, that was inhumane. And most people, I had to go do it. And I started callus in my mind at this point in my life. And I lost the weight. I lost the weight and I went back to recruiter I got into that class. And I went through three Navy SEAL helping someone year only got to ever be in three hell weeks. And one year of to my knowledge. The first one I didn't make it through the next two I did. And that I just didn't. I didn't stop anymore from there. And I started realizing to this to this process, that the fucking mind is what you create it. And I started opening different doors that I didn't think were even there that didn't think even existed. And the more doors opened up, the more I started realizing that my potential is damn near endless.

And it changed my whole mindset. So I went from David Goggins, and I created Goggins.

And that journey is a priceless journey that is hard for me to explain to people because it sounds so quick and easy. Like I lost this weight. And I went through three hillbillies and went to ranger school went to Delta Force, Lexington, whatever it is, it was brutal. It's a brutal journey every fucking day. And it ever was, what are you happy?

If anybody knows my life story, I'll try to give you a just a snippet of it. Where I'm at today is in front of Joe Rogan, telling you my life, to get through who I became to get to where I'm at now. There's nothing but proud of half of myself that I can't really, I can't really show people, because I have this face and a space that they see like, are you happy? What's wrong with you? I'm driven. I'm obsessed. And that's what you see it. People need to hear the story. This is a this is an exciting story for people because there's a lot of people out there that feel trapped, and they feel stuck. And they feel like they can't do anything. This is who they are. You're a guy who felt that exact same way, but figured out how to not be that person and be a person that you would admire. How did you What were the first steps like you had some slips before? Right? Because you you quit because of the water thing, right? But then when you went back the second time and you decide you're gonna lose all that weight and you quit that job? Did did you was it just straightforward from there, or were there some days where you just failed, and then you picked it back up again. So my first run when I decided to lose the weight, I was, like I said, 297 I was about 32% body fat. And I went my idea was to run for miles from our first run. I didn't know how bad it's gonna fucking hurt me. I used to run before I was fat. And I was like, fuck it. I can do this. I ran a quarter mile and walked home. I walked home and sat on my couch and cried. And we felt mom's house who was about 40 about maybe 20 minutes down the road and cried and getting her calcium. I can't fucking do this. I don't know when we do. I just got somebody pregnant. My wife was this fucking I was making $1,000 a month. My rent was 810 a month. And my mind just kept fucking with me. And kept you're not good enough. Man. This isn't for you, man. These guys are basketball players on the planet Earth. You're not that.

And

what it was, it's kind of funny. I was obsessed with Rocky,

Rocky, one in particular. And when I was a kid, I come home every day, and I watched his fucking show Rocky, and I would fast forward with the little VHS tapes to round 14. Round 14 fucked me up like nobody's business. Why the song came on, right? So we're about to pull up record. I listened to the song for 17 hours, two minutes and 13 seconds.

And I'm able to visualize and dream like nobody's business. And I know that I can create a vision that many people can't. And I work for it. So the vision I had was when Apollo Creed beat the fucking shit out of rocky beat the shit out of him. He kept fighting. He was a DOM fighter couldn't read couldn't fuck that was me. couldn't read couldn't write just punchy. Everything about him and rocky beaches or a Palm Beach shell, isn't it corn nearby was saying stay the fuck down and

him getting up. him getting up a power tree, raise his arms up in the fucking air turn around, but he won the fight. He turns around and sees this guy getting up. And it was the face of Apollo Creed. That changed my life. The face of Apollo Creed. It was like, just by that motherfucker getting up. Not winning, just by him getting the fuck up. Apollo Creed was who's his champ? He's the best. rakia taken his soul has literally taken his soul his head goes down. He looks down like Who What the fuck are you?

I want it to be that. Not Rocky. I want to be the guy that people looked at. I don't know if you've liked me or didn't like, I don't care. But it said this motherfucker is gonna keep coming. After whatever the fuck is in front of them. I wanted that. I wanted that I wanted that worse than anything in the world. So that is I kept picturing me falling down and getting up in every motherfucker to call me nigger. I was dumb. Even myself. Even myself. I wanted to feel something besides the feet. I wanted to just go to distance and that gonna distance push me to a point of where now go way past that distance. So you go the first day, you run a quarter mile and you walk back home and you're you're upset. How do you how do you move forward? So basically what I did was I came home and I had a chocolate milkshake. I sat down I gave up. I said this ain't gonna fucking happen. I could lose 106 pounds and I can't even go a quarter fucking mile.

I started being able to take negative shit and be happy. And this whole I say what if a lot it sounds corny, and it sounds weak. But it's true.

One of the recruiters said there's not many black Navy SEALs now if I was 36 African American seal in history is overseas prayers. Because the fucking water you know, I mean, people get mad. I mean, it's fucking true. Just get over it. And so

I was like, Matt, what story would it be if my fucking fat dumb lie in to be friends with people insecure ass can overcome this shit. And that would if mentality like that dreamer mentality just would always fuel me. It was true. And I would have I can be good if I can be a seal man. What if I can go from wearing a quarter of fucking mile now? Now we're gonna tour in five miles? What if I can go with just what if I can go in? And what if? How would that feel? If I'm graduating kind of get at the graduation thing I'll talk about to 24th. But the video I sat down watch, this command officer stood up and he said to the graduation, guys, you're graduating buds, like 18 of them. He said we live in a society where mediocrity is often rewarded. And he went on to say something about these men detests mediocrity.

And I wanted to be a man that the test mediocrity. It got me a lot of trouble in the SEAL teams and going forward in my life because I just I started looking down on people for not going hardest fucking shit. And I started to create different things. But that's for a different day. But I just believed that my whole mind changed. That is a problem that a lot of people who work hard to have you get angry at people who don't work hard to the point where you, you know, you want to insult them you want to you want to smack them. And it's really because you're scared of seeing that yourself. Yeah, that's probably the truth. That's probably the truth. So I guess a lot of them I would see people it it probably was a direct reflection of who I was. And I will get mad at them. And reflections probably just be getting mad at myself. Yeah, that's for me. 100% when I when I see people that are half assing things I get terrified of seeing that in myself and I get mad at them. Right. And it's a it's not a good way to handle it. No, you know, but it's it's natural because you're just terrified of seeing that trait. Right. And it cost me so you come back you do the quarter mile right you walk back home How do you regroup? So what I did I sat down and I put Rocky in

I got my milkshake put rocky so you know what I was big time and rocky and platoon. Why platoon. I love to see people who were getting beat down. And this there's there's scenes there's scenes that this drove me and people in my hell weeks you know awesome three of them that always hear me singing the songs. The songs humming the songs in torturous situations when you're when everybody's quitting is fucking cold. I would be somewhere gone. Somewhere fucking gone. If somewhere fucking dark is shit. There's a scene of Putin when he lies when Barnes shoots the alias. And, you know, they think he lies is dead. And the choppers are taken off. And Charlie Sheen has asked him, you know, Tom Berenger Rosie lyase. regionalize. William to pho. Oh, I found them back. They're dead somewhere. And through the woods, the Vietcong.

He's chasing the lions through the woods and the shoot him in his fucking back. And all he wants to do is get to the fucking chopper. He's getting shot in his back, he's getting up getting shot and he's getting up. And you see this guy is fighting. I love the fucking guy who just fucking fights. So I put these things in as reminders that you're going to have to fucking suffer, man. This fucking point to five man, this is, man, you're gonna have to fucking suffer to go from this fat, insecure motherfucker to one of the best guys on the planet Earth. This journey is gonna take something that is going to be incomprehensible to most people. And these different visualizations, how I visualized myself talk, it became so nasty and dirty that I almost liked the fact that went point two, five. So it became from being defeated to like, Man, I'm gonna fucking maybe, you know, maybe more than 0.75 You know, it just became this different mindset, I turn negatives into positives. So I would take like, who would even think about doing this. So I was sitting My Account saying, who had 297 Who can't fucking swim that great who scare the fuck and water. We had the fucking balls, pause to fucking man up, quit a job and go and put everything on himself. So it's how I started talking to myself and putting myself in a whole different category. And that would fuel me the next day and I just kept using that as fuel and fuel. No one would do this shit. No one to do this shit. You're the batsman to fuck around, you're the batsman forever live. And I had the ice kept fueling me with the with the right kind of message that I needed to hear that was never telling myself. And through time.

It became reality to myself. So you start out on the first day and then do you start running again the second day? Yeah, second day, we're right back after it again. But I started realizing I can't run that for right. So what I did was I became damn near a professional cyclist with the miles I put on the bike. So I never would never watch TV, I had to be doing something. So I was riding the bike, I rode a bike a lot to lose the first initial kind of weight because my bones were just hurting so bad, my body was broken. And I learned to get over that also, I tried to swim a lot. I wasn't a great swimmer. But putting fins on kind of equalize my body I wouldn't so negative buoyant. So I start fitting a whole bunch. And I spent hours in the pool hours in the pool, trying to get more and more comfortable not because I was going underwater, I was so scared of water that I had to live in the water had to become one with the water. So going into the pool used to scare me. So I went to the pool an awful, awful lot. And then the bike got easier, I was able to run more. I went from like, one mile, one mile is a great accomplishment two miles and then from two to three was a big one, then I went from three to six. And then like they have a Warning Order that they get people to get ready for buds. And the whole thing was running six miles five days a week. And that was my goal. So I just kept, I failed. I go back to scratch. I use some positive motivation I have like one day while back fucking defeated. But I started realizing this is part of the process. This is part of the journey. I had to realize this is part of my process, versus just saying, like I used to, I'm just not good enough. If I'm not good enough, we always say that shit, I'm just not good enough and maybe try something else. I'm gonna fucking make myself good enough. And that became my mentality. I'm gonna I'm gonna make myself good enough. And so I misunderstood a lot. But that's, that's all it came down to. I made myself good enough. And the days I couldn't run that far the next week, I would do two days. So on the running, if I ran a quarter mile away to fucking couple hours it haunt me bother me. I tried to run a half mile next time, same day, you can do more than this. If I had to walk had to walk it just became just a process of grinding and grinding and grinding not even a good word for it isn't even a good word for it. And just just going further and further and then when I got through running, I go to the bike I go to the pool if I got tired somewhere Malaysia tired, I go to the gym, I developed this crazy workout where I was doing volume like to 300 reps of like very lightweight. People will say hey you know how come you have any like loose skin? My workout routine that gym became sick. It became sick I was doing to 300 reps 400 reps on like chest it's like for one simple exercise. The best press and racket get back on it just rip it out trying to burn as many calories I can't build that muscle mass. And as became just became obsessed with it. So when you doing this, are you worried at all about repetitive stress injuries or the fact that your body is not conditioned for this and you're basically taking your body where you had abused it right and now you're you're forcing it to live like in an elite athlete, right? I didn't care. I didn't know any better. I didn't think about it. Wow, I didn't I didn't know that working out that harbor

hook you up. Did it fuck you. Oh yeah, yeah, that's one reason why I went through hell week. So

I will talk about a lot. But the stress in my life getting to 24 caused me have some serious so as issues I know anything about this shit. The psoas muscle is what we use as your hip flexor muscle. And basically under stress, it starts to tighten up and I was I stuttered for from the time I was in third grade time I was in seventh grade white blotches on my skin. I was just I was a nutcase. And so the insides of me are also getting fucked up. So in this process,

my psoas muscle got real tight to my t 12. I can show you the bump in the back of my head after the show's over, but I started growing this fucking like large tumor looking bump in the back of my head from my body compressing so I'm six foot one, but my muscles were like five foot nine, because I just started the muscle tightness for my so as I go into my t 12. I was just getting tighter, my quads, everything getting tired from distress to stress in my life. So the more I stressed my body with the workouts, my lower body became out of balance. So I had a bunch of stress fractures, bunch of injuries going through buds. And how I got through buds was they gave me my third time was my last time going through hell week. I basically put a black sock on at four o'clock in the morning, and I would get duct taped ahead. I had numerous stress fractures on both of my legs. Because my cut my body was literally like coming in on itself. And my legs like I was I was pronating really bad and putting stress on my stress on my shins. And so I would put duct tape, I would duct tape my feet and I was to the top of them where I have pressure ulcers that were the size of quarters from you know how the ankle joint so the foot goes to the shin and how you move this with a tape was so tight. It just created a nice ulcer right there. And I just just kept going through it. So you just use that tape to just support your ankles. Right so I basically kept myself in for the first 3045 minutes the pain was excruciating, but then it would go numb. And I would go numb and then that's how I got through. Wow.

Did I do any long term damage?

Yeah, I've been out for five years. So I retired from that I did 21 years in military time in the Air Force and I did 16 years in the Navy told you 43 Seems like you're 30 That's good. That's good and you really you look very young for your age whenever I'm stressed I get after

I fix I fix was ever bother me. So I

basically over the last five years everything I've done in my life I did it be very unhealthy. I'd never talked about it I just kept going and it cost me pretty much I was choking my insides out adrenal issues, tons of adrenal issues, thyroid issues, anything within a consistent pretty much shut down on me.

My organs were pretty much shutting down. And I went from a guy who could run 2.5 miles to gunk and go to bed and the doctors are trying to search what was wrong. That's what I figured out the psoas muscle. No one figured it out. And I hit it by accident. So I've missed two days of stretching out in five years. And so what happened was all this shit I did to myself this dress I was under physical mental, all kinds of shit. It just choked me up from the inside in. Doctors put me off kind of medication and the medication started doing the exact opposite it was kind of sure I was on DHEA I was on some different things for my estrogen different things for my I was on anything to do with your luck with your endocrine system our thyroid medicine

Good God I was on cortisol all kinds of shit to get my stuff and I had like this lump in my throat from like the heart was always I couldn't run down the street. My body was jacked up couldn't sleep. My hope I was just down shutting down. I could give you a lot more than that but just give me example I was fucking dying. And so I couldn't do anything I went from a guy who was this guy to a guy who can't do shit. And Doctor like I don't know what's wrong with you man. You know your labs are this is it PTSD is it was was going on? I knew what any of that shit. So I sat in the bed one day and I realized man My life is over. This is it. But it gave me time to reflect on everything I had accomplished. I had never taken time to reflect on the kid I was to the man I am now. So honestly the time I wasn't working out it was the best time of my life because I got a chance to really reflect back and be proud of who I became. God never took time to do that. It was like one after another GET THE FUCK after get after it get after you ain't good enough to get after it get after it.

I got halted. So anyway, this process went on for a while more medication. This isn't working. That's not working. No doctor can figure it out. I'm like fuck it. I saw this doc about eight years.

years before this happened, he was like, Hey, man, you're so fucking tight. I've never seen anybody in my life as tight as you. You need 50,000 hours of stress and he's do awesome, crazy number.

Like whatever stretching you know, stretch stress is bad for you. So he thought stretch was bad. It's just baffling. To think that I read some article, you know, you know, man, fuck, fuck stretch and man. You know, I worked out so hard. I'd have time to stretch man I was I was 150 miles a week. I was biking to work mouse I was getting after it. Man. I was working a full time job and stretching and doing that. So my body was literally getting tighter and tighter. Not just from what I was doing about this. Oh, could you ran this? No, wouldn't that man. And so I said, No, I'm gonna try and stretch out. So I don't do anything for like 10 minutes. Or, you know, I don't do no six minute ABS bullshit. So I started stretching out one hour, hour and a half. Long story short, man, I shaved my head and was every morning. And that bump? Doesn't the back of my fucking head. I started realizing it was shrinking. For some fucking reason. I don't know why because I shaved my head back and I was like it's getting smaller. It's more that bump got healthier I got smaller that bump got Oh, that motherfucker what was going on? That's so as muscle started getting more and more stressed out more more relaxed. And over a period of five years. I'm the best shape my damn life right now. From stretching out. Wow, that's all it was. I went from like, I came in counting medications I was on. Now I'm on a very low dose thyroid pill. Period. Do you ever do yoga? All the time, man all the time. And I

if I were to tell somebody one thing right now man that's so as muscle and getting that hip flexor opened up? Because we're all stressed the fuck out? It was so much worse than others. It changed my life. Yeah, um, how do you say Nick Gardius? How do you say his last name? The Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt from England. The Greek fellow. He has a great quote about yoga. He said Yoga is a martial art you do against yourself? Yep. It's a great way of putting it 100% So what it feels like when you're in there, right? 100%. And so you how many years ago was this was five years ago, we couldn't do anything. And how long was there a period where you couldn't work out at all. There was about always try to do something I couldn't run hardly though I could run maybe half a mile. And all that hardship would happen in my heart would get a fib and all kinds of stuff would happen. And I started just stretching and also I tried to do pull ups every now and then. But everything was just I didn't have the energy. I didn't have anything. I mean, nothing was processing right for me. So do you think that you just broken your body? Oh, you pushed it too hard. 100% I sat back in that bed that night. And I had a lot of time to reflect. I was actually kind of proud of myself in a very sick twisted way. i i Even though people will understand it. I had to do what I had to do. And you know, and I did it. Like I didn't tell you how I got into Ultra running. You know, there's a lot of things that so I pushed extremely hard. I went way beyond what I thought was capable. Like my first Ultra race. I did I was I was heavier. I was in Iraq. You know the Marcus a trail lone survivor. I was in buds I was in three hell weeks. As you know, as I said many times and I knew a lot of guys that died in the operation. I was at freefall school with Morgan the trail who's his twin brother during the operation where wings were Marcus chosen one survivor. I knew Marcus trowel. And I was about 20 some odd pounds. And I didn't run hardly at all at this time. I was a seal that I was like a bodybuilder. And I did an elliptical trainer 20 minutes on Sunday. All I did. So I did a book that cardio stuff. I was never about it until this happened. So that happened. And I was like, Man, I gotta find a way to raise money for these families. So I googled that. I found a foundation Special Operations Warrior Foundation. And I googled the 10 Hardest races in the world. I knew nothing about Ultra running the forest I'd ever run with 20 miles at one time. And so we came up with a Badwater. 130 535 mile run through death valley in the summertime. I thought was a fucking stage race. I know people can run 135 miles at one time had no idea was imposing a stage race where you run like 20 Miles Oh, Camp outages and then run 20 more to you get hurt. 35 miles, right. So I went to ultra runner. Ultra Runner was I called the race director up Chris Kaufman of the Badwater span. He said, Are you an ultra runner? And I was like, I don't know what that is. He goes, have you run 100 miles and 24 hours or less? I was like, No, but I said, I'm a Navy SEAL. I was in three hell weeks. I was arranged. I gave him some resume. He didn't give a shit. He said I don't care. You got qualify for my race. And the deadline was up in two months for this Badwater race. And basically, he said, there's two more races you can do to qualify. And I might consider you my race. We select top now

Are you athletes in the world and you're not even Ultra runner but I liked your cause like what you're doing? He said, I come up on a Wednesday. And he goes there's a race on Saturday in San Diego San Diego one day where you want to run a one mile track for 24 hours so many miles and get if you get 124 hours I will consider you in my race. I did the math is 14 seven minute mile Fuck it. I can do that.

dumb shit thinking I'll tell you that right now. It was rough. Verse pen I've been in my entire life was this race. So I have my wife at the time she's not my ex wife. We go to Walmart get a blue lawn chair which crack was a mile Plex clicks. That's what I'm gonna have for 100 mile run. So soap at the start line this race. It was a UAE national championships. It's like the best ultra runners compete against each other to Sydney margin getting 24 hours. And on this big bodybuilder looking guy. Way back then. I would say I was least 230 At least it may have been more than jacked. Yeah, I was ripped to fuck up. I bigger chest out there. I was I was jacked up. Here's a picture of me. It definitely didn't look like someone who could run 100 Miles No, not at all. So basically, I start running. And I get to about mile 40 mile 50. And I'm feeling pretty good. I get to mile 70. And it was the worst pain of my life. I sat down this blue launch at mile 70. And my the Ritz crackers after mild 20 became risk cracker balls. I wouldn't hydrate and correctly I didn't know what to do. I was drinking mild Plex from our nutrition because I couldn't eat these Ritz crackers have very minimal water, if any at all. And I was just dying. So I sat down this blue lawn chair. As I was watching these runners go around this circle that was all dizzy and lightheaded, hadn't gone to the bathroom. It's been about 12 hours. I'm at 70 Miles about 12 hours, which is good. And looked at my ex wife now and I was like, I fucked. I started seeing like three of her. And once my body stopped, my mind just went off and had to go to the bathroom. And the bathroom was like, like 20 feet away from me if that and I couldn't. So I sat there and pee blood down my leg and started cramping up my back. And with 30 miles to go. I and my feet were broken. I was just in the worst shape because once you stop running, not running like that. I mean, I didn't run it almost a year. I was just doing bodybuilding stuff and 20 minutes on the elliptical trainer. No running at all. I probably ran No shit. No shit. No more than 50 miles the whole year.

That wasn't my thing. I wanted to be like jacked. I didn't want to be cardio guy. I want to be rip big Navy SEAL guy. And

in the day before this race is funny. Just got him Joe Burns who put me through my whole weeks. A seal guy. He's one of the hardest guys out there. He was in the gym the Friday before I did this race. And he was doing a full body squats, deadlifts, power cleans, fucking mount. He's a guy that proved me to do this race. He gave me the approval to go do this race and signed off on it. So I'm in the gym. I went in there did a full body hardcore squat deadlift and everything with this guy. Because I knew he was going to come watch me in this race. So I've always been about man, you're gonna see me come in here and check this weight and the more you watch me do 100 mile run

where you can think about that. So basically, I paid for it. So so he came out there with my favorite thing chocolate you know many donuts because he knew my story of my past life and but the six mini doughnuts out there and I had my hat pulled down and at mile 70 Man it was torturous. And the blood down my leg and 30 miles to go. I

started reaching the cookie jars man I started pulling off all kinds of stuff I reached in my mind and a lot of us when we have bad times in life even the hardest person where we forget how badass we are during that hard time. I have a thing where I take a couple of seconds to reflect on Hey Oh man you meant to been through this you've been through that you overcame this overcame that. I don't ever close my mind to the fact that this can't be done. And I knew how to get up I need nutrition I needed hydration I need to get stopped being dizzy. So that's the first thing I did. I didn't panic on 30 more miles to go to get 100 I thought about the process. Slowly but surely I was able to stand up. And I was literally hobbling around this track just walking. No running at all. I couldn't run my feet were in the worst pain. It's the worst pain I've been in my entire life. Nothing in any training is even comparable to this last 30 miles.

And what happened was my ex wife looked at me and she's like, man, you're we agreed I'm not gonna make the time I was going way too slow. And at that time at mile 81

Something clicked that I'll never probably be able to do again when my mind body spirit so every

thing disconnected, in my mind knew I wasn't fucking around anymore. It knew I wasn't going to quit and knew that guy was dead and buried and gone. And I was gonna die out here on his fucking Walmart for whatever reason why I was gonna get through this motherfucker. I didn't give a damn it made no there was no fucking crowds there was no trophy at the end there was I wasn't even in a race in my mind. There was It was nothing. It wasn't about nothing there was no nothing It was a bunch of people didn't know who the fuck I was. It was me against me. And I used all these different dark places to start bringing out light and just fucking going deeper and deeper. In it run the next 20 miles I ran 101 miles and I ran the next 20 Miles ran at about a 1030 pace. And I did 101 miles and 18 hours and 56 minutes. sat back down that blue. porta Potti now my chair that got from Walmart. And that's when the body realized I was done. And this great feeling came over me but also the worst pain in my life. I that's when I took a humongous shit on myself. Literally like I like a fucking log up my fucking back because so much blood down and my wife was she was a nurse. And she was freaked out. I couldn't get up. I couldn't stand up. She backed this Camry on the knoll of the grassy areas that and we were both lifters at the time. So she was decently strong. I put my arms around her neck. She got into the backseat of the car that the windows downcast smelled like horrible shit. And I had this patch hold on because in November in San Diego so I'm sitting there Jack came back his car and she was terrified and Dr. Anita doctor

says take me home. So we lived in the second storey or the second deck of this apartment complex in San Diego. I got to the first deck so I get a card I could stand up but with my arms around our neck. So this leading deck I was gonna pass out got to the SEC or I got to the first deck went down just couldn't stand up anymore. Got to run her neck worked my way up the railing gamma gun I was wandering neck again walk to the kitchen area which is right in the front door. I was laying on the poncho liner crap was everywhere. I managed she helped me manage to get into the into the tub. And like dirt was coming on my penis this looked horrible just just gross thing the world is worse pain I can ever ever, ever been in my life. And the craziest thing I'll tell you a story because right now I'm not sadistic. I'm not crazy people may think that they might, they may want to put a title on me after hearing me because it makes them feel better. Because they think wow, this guy must be some special or just fucked up crazy dude. No, I'm a guy that came from nothing. Anybody is capable of doing shit like this. Anybody. And I sat in that tub. She put the water on me she called my mom up and my mom was dating a doctor at the time the doctor said you need to get him to a hospital now. She came back in I want to do is call Chris Causton on the phone at the racetrack your bail waters, I fucking did it. So she said I'm talking to a doctor. I said no. Let me sit here enjoy this pain. She said, What are you talking about? I said, you know, I go I need to go to a doctor. I realized that. But I never thought

it was humanly possible to do what I did. I went 70 miles at 70 miles I was dead. I was at 100% what I thought what I thought was 100% that went 3031 more miles after being in the worst physical shape I've ever been in in my life. It all the all that pain and suffering and thing was going through my fucking body. And I sat in that tub and it was hit me. It was the most amazing feeling of accomplishment and I want to be numb. I want people to give me drugs and in the numbness fucking pain I wanted to I did this. I have as crazy as it sounds. It was the most amazing moment of my entire life. To overcome such to come from this kid who was mentally tortured and someone was tortured is talked to this kid to this guy now, who was able to overcome such amazing ideas and obstacles. And I call Chris COSMOTE the race director of bad water and he said the idea of a 24 hour races to run 24 hours. You only ran 19.

And he put doubt in my mind that he would let me do bad water. So a month later or so about month and a half later I went this race called the hurt 100. So 100 mile race in Hawaii 26,000 feet of climb was Ollie said I saw I said that's so crazy. I mean, he's a hardcore dude. But he didn't know how fucked up I was right? And he said he didn't say no, he didn't say no, I'm not gonna let you in. He put enough doubt in my mind and say Matt, I gotta do more. So I was broken. I was broken bad. And like, how long did it take you to recover physically? The funny thing about

This out to the story very often. I had signed up for that I'm getting to that answer is right now.

I'm getting deployment and me and my wife, my mom signed up for the first Las Vegas marathon down the strip of Las Vegas.

And that incident happened. So I ran 100 miles before I ran up a marathon. Two weeks later, roughly, December 5, was this marathon that we all signed up for. I couldn't walk. I could not walk. I was fucked up. So 10 days or two weeks after this 100 mile in one race I did.

This marathon, December 5 in Las Vegas, I said, you know, what's the first one I can't run? Maybe I can walk with my mom. So I tried to go out to this little knoll around our grassy area in San Diego. I tried to run laser broke. I said fuck, I can't even object can't do shit. So I said you know what? Maybe I'll watch you guys do the marathon and cheer you guys on whatever. So I tried to rock with my mom. December 5 happened? That gun went off 2005 14 days after I broke myself off. And I qualified for the Boston Marathon. I'm at three oh wait

that's crazy. And what's funny about I know people who says my fuck even when I tell you the story I dropped I want to drop so many names. Google it look it up. I don't give a fuck like almost seems like I'm making my own story up. It does. It almost seems like it to you it does react like I can I tell if I were to hear somebody. Say this to you know, just to you Joe Rogan's podcast or some black dude from fucking Brazil and and talking about this happened this happened three whole weeks Ranger School ran 100 Miles broke my feet broke my body. I bet this is a biggest fucking liar on the planet. Ain't nobody gonna shit isn't even my tell my story. It almost sounds like some made up shit. So yeah, sounds so crazy. As you ran 100 miles before you ever ran a marathon right? Then you didn't run again at all. And you still qualified for the Boston Marathon. So you ran a 308. Right? For the first marathon you ever did ever do two weeks after you ran 100 miles with no training and nothing in between. But it gets better than that. You can see my training log actually posted up. So that's when I started training for the hurt 100. So basically, what happened was after that, I had about four weeks. What does it feel like to run that thrill? Wait, if you could barely walk, when that gun went off? Something went off in my head. And I didn't feel that much pain at all. Afterwards, I did. But something happened where I was like, the gun went off. And that thing came back. Like Alright, man.

What if, because I wanted to qualify for Boston. That was my goal. But I was I was jacked up, you know, and I didn't run as much as I should have at all over my direct training. I hit the weights. And but my job but but my goal wasn't I signed up for it a year early. I want to qualify for Boston, this was a 310 59. And I was like, what if you can qualify for Boston management. So what helped me out, I spent 101 miles.

But the fuck is 26 miles to me now. So the mindset going into it was like, I ran 75 more miles in this. So I use it to my advantage. So after that happened, I ran my feet pretty much broken. I will go to the physical therapist, and they had this compression tape. Comparison tape help because my feet were pretty bad off. And I would run 7080 100 mile weeks. And then I went to the hurt 100 race in Hawaii 26,000 feet of climbing over 100 miles. Probably one of the top five hardest 100 mile races in the world. I wasn't even a real runner. I baked a lot of miles by the last, the last what two and a half about two months. That when a runner went out there and got through the race didn't 33 hours was the ninth place finisher. Not many people finished that that year. And I qualify for Badwater and got in and I went on to lose weight and train hard and I got fifth my first year and went back my second year and got there. When you say you went you lost weight like what were you eventually weighing? So I went to the race about 190 lost quite a bit for bodybuilding time. Right? That's over a short period of time, right? How did you lose all that way? Once again, I just worked out hard. I stopped taking my protein so much. I got off. I was on this stuff called nitro tech. And I got all the protein stuff I just started I stopped hitting the weight so hard. And I became a running full became the black Forrest Gump man pretty much. Pretty simple, man. That's what happened. Now when you say you were using compression tape on your feet, and that your feet were jacked up what was the extent of the injuries? So basically, because of my

pronation I never figured out because my soul has muscles.

I always had issues with stress fractures, shin splints. So I put a lot of pressure on the inside of my ankles, so that there's a tendon that goes up the backside of your domino piece or your fibula, my backside that that little bone that backs out your foot, it goes right up beside that lot right alongside that bone. And that thing was just so flared up on both sides, that even this flexing my foot was just killing me. So I realized when you know, when you cast that thing up, Kathy, my feet always helped me out, because it locked my foot into a position that wouldn't be prone it as much. So between the casting of that and if you watched the abattoir video of 2006 You'll see me crossing the finish line with this compression tape, literally, like flying on my ankles because I went to the race with compressing tape on my ankles. And so basically,

I'd have that on my you know, on my ankles. I had inserts in my in my shoes, and also this wedge on the back heel of my left foot. So then it would keep me from protonating that heel so much so I had all that on just to go run. And I ran my ass off and went to bad war 2006 And

with compression tape on my feet and walked a lot. But I got third place. Do you always run with regular running shoes? I do. Yeah. So now I don't have those issues anymore. All this stretching has opened my body up to where you know how it should have been. So my alignment is pretty good. It's not perfect. So now I just went in regular running shoes now. No more compression tape. No more no that stuff. So if you see now if you look down there, you'll see the compressor and you'll see my ex wife here in a second taking the compression tape off of me she Jr. Right now. See you right now. She's the tape. Yeah, so that's the tape I didn't have to wear every day in my life to run. Wow. So as you see, the story may be kind of unbelievable, but there's some proof right there.

So that's still painful. Yeah, it was pretty fucked up. As you see right now me trying to get oh man. Yeah, I'm pretty destroyed right there. What is the most amount of miles you've ever run? At one time? Yeah. 205 and 39 hours? Wow. Nonstop.

Who? Yeah, I've had quite a few people on. I've met quite a few people now over the last year or so that have run Ultras Courtney doe Walter. You know she is? She won the Moab. Okay, yeah, I heard about 40 rather heard about it. Yeah, she she beat all the men by 22 miles. So I'm like that some crazy thing. She was first place winner. She beat everybody else. A second place one on one. And with her I mean, you would never believe it. When you talk to her. She seems so normal. Right? She drinks beer and eats nachos and eats candy ultrarunner man she's just silly and she's fun. Yep. And does no demon they're like waiting to meet a demon. Right. You know, I'm like, where's your demon? Right. How are you getting through? Her demons are quiet demon. Right? It's it's there. It has to be something there has to be. There's no other people that everybody I know that that can do that as a demon. A lot of us don't want to admit the shit. Yeah, we got him. Oh, 100%. It has to be Yeah. So when you do this, and you you qualify and you do that race in Hawaii. Right. They just let you in after that. No. So the race in Hawaii? Yeah, I actually called the race director up. And there wasn't like a big time. Like, I didn't have 100 mile race. I believe this I had. And so you had a 100 mile you did the Boston Marathon or you did the Vegas marathon? Yeah. So I did the 100 mile 101 miles the biggest marathon went to 100. Did that 100 miler and all this is in a very short amount of time. Yeah. So November was the first 100 miler December was that 26 miler and not in Las Vegas. January, was the next 100 miles on Hawaii, you know, fucking crazy that is like, say if I was your friend and I called you up on October 20. I go, Hey, man, how many times you run like I run every night, I want to see something crazy. I'm looking to pull it up or not. But if you can pull up my race schedule for 2007 Just pull up. David Goggins rates results you can see some real crazy in a second. They say this is good. And I gotta show you proof because why? I know my story doesn't make any sense. But this look at the dates of these races. And we're going to show it to you in a second it's

just look at the 100 miles and 50 miles back to back weekends, how many weekends there were between races? So if you look right here, you can't really see it. So look at 2007 Yeah, go all the way down. Keep on going 2017 I was races there to that. Okay, get right there. So 100 miler Hawaii. Oh gee looked at first. Two weeks later, three weeks later, another one that's 50 miler 50 miler.

A month later knee looking at what? 14 Days Later another 50k 50 miler

Let's later then look at less than a month another 50 miler 53 miler in June. July was another 100 miler Badwater was literally just that one it was a month after I did that 100 miler 135. Our Leadville was less than a month after Badwater, the plain 100 was three weeks after Leadville angels Chris was to attend date a week after that 100 miler there bear 100 was what 13 days after that 100 miler she screamed and I ran the torch. It said two or 3.5 But I didn't ran towards 25 miles around there. But what's not in there was that McNaughton race I didn't do that. So that 150 mile race also did in 2007. That wasn't lifted. So that was just my 2007 year that's insane. Yeah, so do you think that is what fucked your body up? No, no, no, cuz I I still run the same mileage now. With foot my body up as hell week. Really? Oh, yeah. You don't go through three hell weeks in one year. So what happened was when I realized that my body was really jacked up, was I went, I was a big time squatter love squad. And I went through the first hell week got messed up second homework, I got all the way through. Then thorough we could go through my third week. We had a guy die on Thursday. And then that whole weekend, I graduated pulmonary edema. It was a code name was John Scott. Code is fuck, Hell Week.

Did a Pacific Oceans never warm? And it rained the whole time. The whole time? Yes, rain and he pretty much just drowned his own fluid pretty much. We were in the pool doing some evolution, he sunk to the bottom. His temperature was hot. He he missed a lot of hell week for getting pulled out for different stuff. He wouldn't go quit. And he ended up dying and hell week. But um, yeah. So anyway, after hell week ended.

I wanted to go back to the gym. You know, second phase happened diet phase like I could get back in the gym, start jacking my weight. I love Jack and weight. And I realized I couldn't squat. So I went from squatting a lot to I couldn't even squat the bar in my lower back was all fucked up. And I was like, I don't know what's going on.

It was because this this muscle. So in Hell Week, your hip flexors are so I went through so many of them so fast. And so the hardest part of buds, I went through three times not not the heavy part. They were the hardest part. But it was the initial part of the what everybody sees on TV, the law of PT to surf torture, the daggone boats over your head law, all that shit. I went through that person three times in one year. And

over a period of time my hip flexors got so tight. That is jacked me up. It jacked me up my hip flexor so always been so cold. And so stressed out, and everything led up to it. But this really was the part that I noticed I could squat before Hell Week, or before my first time going to buds after after buds.

I couldn't I couldn't squat anymore. Do you just think it might just be because your body was exhausted? No, because I for 12 years, so I would go back and tough it out. Like like with Joe burns. He was squatting so I said fuck. I'm gonna squat with Joe burns. But I just couldn't squat because that that muscle was attached to your T 12. So what was it doing to is it locking up it was just just pulling. So it made my hips feel like I couldn't sink my ass. Oh, I couldn't think so is just incredible pain. And then with the weight pushing me down and then trying to push up. The pain was just is too much so so this is all range of motion and range of motion issues. Yeah. Wow, that that's an important thing for my friend cam Haynes who doesn't stretch. He's another friend of mine who runs Ultra races. He ran that Moab 240 He's run the Big Foot. 205 he's won a few of those. Right? I know he's listening. Go stretch, dude. Yeah, support, man. Especially if you're working that hard. Right? If you're doing that much yeah, you're you're definitely locking up and he could barely touch his toes. That's not a good thing. That's not good. No, no, no, it comes back to her chin side pretty soon now How flexible are you now? Because I would imagine you probably have fucking ballerina at this point. Because sad when your brain. I'm trying to get there. I'm trying to get there. So I stretch every night for at least two hours. There's a thing that people say that always pissed me off. Like because I'm pretty flexible. They say oh, you're naturally flexible. People have a natural threshold like no, they don't like a doctor told me that I go you don't know what you're talking about. I'm like, you don't know what you're talking about. Because most people don't push themselves past that pain. That stretch pain, right? People want to put a towel on you man. It's easy for them. Just fucking natural. Exactly. Now you'll work hard enough motherfucker. Yeah, people built like champs aren't usually flexible that you have to you have to force yourself to do this right. And I know it because I had a friend my friend Tom or dog. No, he was a football player Jack big thick dude. Terrible flexibility was taking taekwondo with me. And over the course of a couple of years. I saw that dude eventually develop a full split and you go and he just did it through his mind. He just was everybody

else was done training that guy would be on the mat constantly stretching always working out because he had built his body up so strong all those years of squatting and lifting that he just you know he was all tense everything was just like this super powerful right but all like very tense that's why I stopped. That's why I never stretched because I wanted that strength. Yeah, you want that tight muscle but no, I don't think it's stupid. Yeah, I think you're not supposed to stretch before you do big physical activities. Because I think it does like weaken us somewhat. But I don't think being flexible overall makes you weaker. Not at all. What certainly doesn't for martial arts because you need that flexibility to have leg dexterity to be able to kick right it's got to be fluid where it's not tightened up. Restriction of the motion of your body. I get it. It's truth. I just think people are for whatever reason, and I'm I'm one of those I drone on too much about yoga. I'm like one of those vegans. It's like you got to do it, man. Right. He's trying to get annoying like a born again, Christian or something. So I'm getting that way now, man. I'm getting nowhere. Now for anybody who does anything the hard like, you know, if you do anything, like with weightlifting type shit, or martial arts type shit, where it's just everything's explosion. It's lifting, heavy. Push, push, push, right? Yoga, just bounce your shit out. Yeah, well, yeah, really well, man. And there's all these people that resist it. Like there was some article recently that was something along the lines of hot yoga is just trendy nonsense. I read that and then even in the article talked about that there might be some benefits in terms of like the strengthening your arteries, and they didn't even mention heat shock proteins is a study going on right now. I believe it's at Harvard. One of my friends was telling me about it, where they're, they're trying to find the benefits of 90 minute hot yoga classes, because they think it might mirror the observed benefits of sauna, which they already know for a fact has big benefits because of your body producing heat shock proteins to deal with the heat. Right? That's why I put that sauna in here. Man, I go in that fucker all the time. But no one can tell me doesn't work. It's big. It's proof positive change my life. It wasn't a medication or this or a dress. It was stretching. Yeah, it was yoga, stretching, all that stuff combined changed it. But I just think it balances out your body in those static poses where you're just holding the pose. And it just it works you out in a weird way that 100% You just don't get lifting weights or hitting the bag or anything. You just not going to get that that kind of working out. I can't agree with you more. It's so difficult. It's crazy, but your ass off you enjoy housewives and shit. And you're like, this is like the silent struggle. It's humbling. Nobody knows. It's like, if you see like two doorways, right? And one of them is like fucking CT Ollie Fletcher's fucking Super pump, iron addicts gym, which is hard work. And then right next to it is a yoga studio you like well, once you get done with all that hard work, you'll go over to that yoga studio. No, there's two different kinds of hard work going on. It's no joke. Two different kinds of hard word, sir. So what do you do now, in terms of like you got over this.

Five years ago, you're in this bad situation where your body's not working right now. Everything's working great again. Well, I had two heart surgeries. Also. Whoa. So you know, it was your heart. So I had a hole in it. So you know, you're not supposed to have a hole in your heart and be a seal and be born with it. I was born with it. It went undetected, and me pushing so hard. So in 2009, I was trying to fish Race Across America. And I just couldn't go anymore. Another pitfall in my life was the whole and I was pretty much off active duty seal for three years. You know, I had two hearts they were trying to fix so the hole was significantly large. I can't believe it. They say it was as big as a quarter. I'm like, how the hell is the biggest quarter? That's a pretty big hole in your heart. Because they had to helix patches. I'm like, that's impossible. That the helix patches they are in my heart. So the two stents what is the helix patch? It is like a little mesh very, like what they do for hernias, like something like maybe something like that. So they went through my femoral artery and they placed this patch but to go through your artery. Yeah, with my femoral artery. Yeah, with a camera. Yeah. Whoa, what? No, the cameras down through my throat, whoa. And they put this catheter through my femoral artery, went to my heart. They, they went, they took this helix patch. They placed it in there. And then they found out six months later, that the hole wasn't covered up enough yet. Because a hole was I mean, the healers patch was very damn big. So they put it go back in there and 2010 is how does the patch adhere to your heart? I guess your heart heals around the patch. But how did they stick it in place? I guess they put it with a holes that Uh huh. And then it kind of like inflates. Oh, wow. The whole is that and then that thing goes in there and then it kind of covers a hole in in the heart. So there's two things in my heart right now that the heart is kind of covered up Whoa.

Oh, okay, so here's a golf. Jamie's got a an image of it for us. Whoa. So, so it's attached to this little probe. Right? And then they put it over the area where the injury is.

Wow, that's insane. Yeah, atrial septum defects. I had atrial septal defect. So basically everything I had done I got from medicine, oh, shifts. You could do, I'd be done. That's so crazy that they could do that. Yeah. So I was out for I was off duty for three years. So I stuck. I was in a recruiting area for three years trying to get back on active duty. And that's that was my life for three years. So they put that patch in. Yep. And now your hearts 100% It's 100%. It's 100%. Wow. Yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, I was losing, you know, blood. And I was just I was bad off, which is amazing that you were able to do all that with a hole in your heart. That's what the doctors were saying. You know, because they know how to seal so when I went in, and the doctor that found the hole, or he like so they gave me EKGs all this stuff once again, man. It's after I ran like 25 miles, you know, right. That made you in great shape. I'm like, Man, I just don't feel good. Like walking up the stairs is making me jacked up. So the doctor doc Shrek, he's like, you know, gaming EKG, go to the doctor get an echocardiogram. So I'm in there. Get an echocardiogram just chilling out in there. And the guy is talking to him. He has this little one in my heart. We're bullshitting about stuff and he when people get quiet,

fucking not good, man. So he's in there in his head is one of my heart chillin out. And man we do Hey, what's going on?

He says, I'll be right back. He goes and gets a doctor. Doctor comes in, puts things on my heart.

The doctor gets another doctor.

Now, I'm just freaking the fuck out. I'm like, okay, because when it comes to your heart, we know is big deal. So they come back in and say, Hey, we can stop the echocardiogram. When he talked to you in the hallway. You have a hole in your heart. And the guy didn't know that I was, you know, as a Navy guy. I don't think he was a seal because not many black guys are seals. And he we had a conversation about you know, we gotta fix this real quick. I said, Yeah, I mean, then I came up that I was the seal. He said, Man, you could have died jumping, you could die diving, you could have died and all this stuff. Because basically, the hole in your heart, if it gets plugged with something, like anything, like you know, let's say you get a bubble from diving or something like that. You gotta die. Right? So I, I call it luck. I call it luck. Wow. So I got through two surgeries. They put me back on I give you the first one. And then when did they realize that it's not done? Not good enough. So they take you back and you gotta get a bubble study, a bubble test. So they so they like literally sim bubbles that way, safe bubbles that way to see if the bubble goes through your heart. So they have this, this echocardiogram again. And they hook you up, I think to it or something like that. And they throw these bubbles through your heart. And they see if it goes through. After six months when it should have been healed up. The bubble went through. So they had to tell me then hey, we got to, you know, you're not, you're not good to go. So I had to take a year before I can have another surgery. Because Because that patch had to be completely completely healed. So they can go back in time. You knew you had a hole, right? So they knew I had a hole because of the heart surgery. Right? But all this time, like when you're waiting for it. Do you know you have an extra hole? Yes, I knew I have a hole. Yes. What were you allowed to do with your body then? Well, at that time they go, you know, do how you feel comfortable. And so you know, the whole is not going to kill you right now. But you can't die. You can't jump you're pretty much ready to steal anymore. So I was a recruiter for a period of time.

So basically, I was crazy about that is before my second surgery. I was actually training for Delta Force. I was I wanted to go to delta. And I was rucking ruck running a lot. And before my second ruck running me running with the Pacquiao pack on my back with some weight on how heavy is the pack? 5060 pounds and you run with that on? Well, you're supposed to hike or hop, like rock hopping, right? I ran with it. Because I went because you know, I? That's what I did. Right? So the day before the Day of the Day of heart surgery. I did a ruck run because I knew I was gonna be out of commission for a while. So fucking matter get my last one into Jesus Christ so I could do I have not had my training launch after my second heart surgery. All I could do was walk. So I became an ultra Walker. Walk my fucking ass off and over a period of time it took a year for that thing to heal up in the hill. You know, my first bubble study after my second heart surgery came back negative or positive the bubble went through again. Oh no. And they're gonna crack me open. Man over that period.

time my heart healed around that thing nicely. And I passed a second bubble test. So the first bubble test was how long after a year it was. So the first bubble test after the first surgery was six months, and then you had to go through a full six months after that, right? Totally heal. Then you have the second heart surgery and when does the bubble test fail after the second heart surgery? It was about six months, Jesus Christ and they said, and the doctor looked at me and said, You know, I'm sorry, and forgive me. We didn't crack your chest open the next time they're gonna get in there. So I sat back thinking this could be a third heart surgery.

And then that one they said, We have to wait for six months to see if this thing's gonna close up. Right? And I came back Thank you, man, but to get cracked the fuck open in that bubble. got pinned up, man. Did it go through maybe force it through your mind? I know right.

Visualize That's it, man. Something to visualize. Holy shit, man. That is crazy. Yeah, it's crazy when a rock run with a hole in your heart too. I did it for several years That's a fucking keep on going man

that's amazing. Now after all said and done. Everything's good now. Yeah, everything. I mean, I'm sure it's almost a pop up in my fucking ass not to do that. You know? Everything is good right now. I'm always waiting for the next thing to pop up. And I haven't the same way I was attack it. But yeah, as of right now I'm in the best shape my 43 years old. Just turned 43 February 17. I am in the best shape my life. I'm not knocking on wood because life fucking life comes at you, dude. So Right. Knock on wood come at me. I mean, I would think that you would be a go to guy for injuries. Yeah, give anybody?

I've had them all. I've had when you broke the world record for chin ups and you rip your arm apart? Pull Ups. Yeah. So if you pull up the picture, man is a picture of my hand, you'll see I'll know. What is it pull ups are so pull ups are hands out, hands out. And chin ups are hands right hands forward. So I failed three times. I failed twice before I finally got it the third time and

I the first time I rip the shit out of my forearm. And then the second time, you'll see there's a picture of my hand. And it is a third degree burn. So that's my hand. Oh, Jesus, man. What in the fuck is going to look at you a bit by a wolf. So what's funny about that, as you see that, that doesn't create after one pull up. So if you can imagine the pain of because you have one contact point as it like running, you can overcome it because it has big giant legs and right. It's different when you have these little fragile punk ass hands touching the bar. You know, imagine 4030 Pull Ups how many times you're coming on that bar coming off right now way too hard and seven pounds at the time. So I was I was a bigger guy. I'm like 195 or 185 now. So I was almost I was 22 pounds heavier. So I was a lot bigger. There I am right there. Yeah, you would prefer to get that shit, man. So you were doing it in sets of five sets of five. So as you see you have these different people who are witnessing you. You have to have your your your number there to make sure that you're, you know, qualify for the Guinness Book of World Record. That's 1450 I have a long way to go have another 4015 pull ups to go. Jesus Christ. So yeah, and how long did you do this? Over? 24 hours. It was seven so I broke that 17 Wow. And I was fucking over it.

What did it feel like in the last chin up? You know what, actually there's a video that we have and I was chasing this guy named Steven Hyland. So it's getting Steven Holl had the record. And the video is my last three posts where I broke the record. I'm talking so much shit, fucker. I'm like, Hey, motherfucker. I was gonna get it huh? I told you bitch as motherfucker. I'm coming after you. I'm here now. It's just me talking shit. It's a cool video but I felt I felt nothing. I was just happy to have to do more. I did 67,000 pull ups in nine months chi training for a record for 4000 and the failures I did the first time in September failed miserably on Sundays I did 20 588 or something like that. failed miserably for millions of people. Too much later. November tried again failed again. Two months later in January 19 I found the fucking got it. So after I got it it wasn't like I'm happy. It was like I gotta do more fucking pull ups anymore Roger that. Saw it was I fucking check that picture off.

But you were doing them when I got here today. You know why cuz now it's a part of you dude.

I don't like doing them so we're gonna get some we're gonna get rear knocks him out. You don't like doing them? So you got to do it. That's my whole life. Isn't it like someone someone gets drunk on a certain whiskey? Like if they smell it they'll get disgusted like It's like Yeager mice or something like that. They smell it No. Oh, right. Is that what it's like with you with chin ups with a lot of pull ups with a lot of a lot of things right now like running out like and people don't believe it. But you know, I was

I have the big guy twice in my life. So here's the reason why. I just don't like running man it hurts. It's brutal. It sucks going out and I'm gonna be gone for two hours or I am gonna be gone 39 hours running on a one mile track. Fuck I'm not crazy, man. It's

I mean, you know people put me in this category of you must be some crazy guy who loves it. No, man. No, that's why I do it though. That's the only way to cash your fucking brain man want me to get hard and my people take these classes on mental toughness like even seals get the class about visualization, self talk, eat an elephant one bite at a time breathing control at Roger that. You got to put yourself in hellacious situation. It's a lifestyle. How are you going to react? How are you going to react to that all that training goes out the fucking door when you're in a fucking cold water, and you're fucking miserable is the first hour of a hurricane. 30 hours of hell week in that first way it goes over your head. And you're the coldest you've been in your life and your mind goes from our one to our one fucking 30 All that fucking self talking shit, dude. You didn't think about anything about getting the fuck out of here. But if you live this shit, on a daily basis, you know how to calm your mind down to self talk will help all that stuff will help. But usually we react, we have pain, we have suffering, we react and we react about Get the fuck out of here. We gotta go. It's those people were able to control that fucking feeling of fucking flight. It's a normal fucker. There's a way through this is not going to be your friend. I'm not cold right now. I like the three of them. I'm not cold now. I mean, nice, warm studio with you. You got to think about that shit. It's just gonna end. It's gonna end. But we don't know that we don't think that at that time, it is gonna last forever. And then you get to sit back on Friday with everybody walking across the, you know, back on the grinder or 1617 guys that graduated Hell Week. And you get a chance to watch these guys victorious. And then you get the chance. Think about that. You take that hot, warm shower. First thing that comes to your fucking mind is why the fuck did I quit? So what keeps me going? I've quit several things. I know what's on the back end and fucking quit. And it's a lifetime of thinking about why the fuck did I do that?

I fucking do. And

there's something about talking to God like you that a lot of people hope that you're going to say some magic thing that's going to click in their brain. Everybody gets changed who they are like, what is it? What is the thing? That's why people go to these self help conferences. And they take these classes. And they hope that someone's going to say something that changes the way their mind works. It's hilarious to me. It is it's kind of hilarious to me too. But what is also hilarious is that what you're saying is that you have to do those things. You have to suffer. You have to live in it. You have to be comfortable in it. And then maybe some of that shit will help you a little bit along the way period. And I went to I was a when I was a seal recruiter, I got invited to MIT smart ass motherfuckers there, man, I'm not that I'm this bigger animal dump a knuckle dragger. And

there was this guy there I forget his name, but he was like the top head head guy, old white guy, you know all all genius doubt. And we were on this panel. And they were asking us all these questions about the mind mental toughness and shin. He was answering them. I wasn't answering many questions. And I'll never forget, he was just answering them off of theory. He never put his fucking ass and shit. You read a bunch of fucking books. And you think that you know how the fucking mind works. And she had gone through hell as a kid. And then all the way up until now. Right? So I know.

That theory is bullshit. Yeah, there's a lot of good stuff out there. You can read from people. But I had lived hell. And when you put yourself in hell, that's the only time you can figure out how to fuck to get through that motherfucker. You can't you can't read somebody else's book about some theory on how to do shit. Some guy who set up in their nice warm office and read and wrote some book with a nice cup of coffee in the fucking hand. No, I want to see that guy who immersed himself in Fucking hell. And he thought about quitting and leaving and then and his wife and his kids and why am I here? Is it is it worth it all this crazy shit is still said it found out a way to get through it. So basically, that's that's the bottom line if at all. We all want to read about how we can quickly get somewhere. That's why the six minute abs and also it's just so powerful that you may get some results from it, but they're not permanent. The permanent result comes from you. Fucking I say it all time. You have to suffer. You have to make that a tattoo on your fucking brain. So when that hard time comes again, you don't forget it.

You may forget it for a second but you can go back into cookie jar I call it it's a

It's something that we've all endured. I call it the cookie jar. And we often forget how hard we are. But you gotta reflect back to take a percentage reflect. I've been through this, I've been through that. And then remind yourself, I'm a bad motherfucker.

And then you can get through that shit. But if you don't believe it, you've endured shit. You're just blowing smoke man, and you're not gonna get through anything. What was this guy saying? Like, what was his theories that he was throwing out there? His theories was about I forget exactly what it was. Was it somebody what the mind does under stress? And how we can't, he said, how we can't do something. And I did it. I did what he said we couldn't do. Like, what was he saying he couldn't do. It was somebody if you're born.

If you're born a certain way, somebody if you're born a certain way, you can't become this way. It was totally saying that would have who I am now. Like, I had to be born with some not genetic power, or some some gift from God. But I had to have some kind of special gift. Had has some kind of special given I forget what set me off. But it was that we had to be to be somewhere you had to be born with. It was a concept. And I know what I was born with. And I know the battle that I had in my mind. So when he said it, I sat there looking my face and someone in the crowd asked me a question. I totally contradicted everything he said. I was like, Nah, man, I mean, I fucking know for a fact that you can be this fucked up, dude. Like, really fucked up, dude. And with the right mindset, it's, it sounds so easy with the right mindset. Doesn't sound easy, is know what you're saying? It sounds simplistic answer, right? You can. You can. But you have to go into a dark chambers that we often shut off. You gotta open them up. You gotta open up and fight that fucking demon. Get in there. Talk to that motherfucker and say what's up. And we often take the we all like to take this four lane highway. The easy highway has, has fucking signs, it has restaurants. We all love that four lane highway, we always dip over the shovel. And all I did was I pick up that fucking shovel and shovel. I made my own path. And you may have big boulders and shit. They may be getting towards the miles of the road faster than you. But going through this path of life, this journey over here that you make yourself that's incredibly difficult. That comes out the other end of that motherfucker is some glorious shit that you can't even explain to people. And we're afraid. Bottom line is most of us even the people who have all these theories and shit. It's easier to accept the fact that I'm just not good enough. I wasn't made to do that. And yeah, some of us can't be the brawn fucking James. But I'll tell you right now, man, we can do a lot of shit. When it comes to this pure guts and willpower and getting through shit. We have a lot more with a lot more than we think we have. Yeah, the problem with a guy like that was his theory is that his theories are based on results. And those results are based on human beings and most human beings. There's certain people that are born with certain gifts like a guy like LeBron James is physical talent. You know, John Jones and MMA obviously, like physical talent. But there's

when you look at someone who's super successful, you always assume that it has to be because of some sort of physical gifts, because people look at themselves. And I'm sure this doctor, this old dude probably had like a little gut and probably exactly I looked a little tiny arms, weak shoulders and probably thought, well, there's certain people that are just mesomorphic and probably broke it down all the scientific terms. You know, they they they just have a fast twitch muscle fibers. And they'll say all this crazy shit, that is true. At the very highest levels of the winners, right? But it doesn't mean that you can't become that. No, it just means that it's too painful for most people to go through. So very few people ever get there. So if you look at the actual results, he would be correct. But he's not correct. Because he didn't take the shovel. Exactly. That's That's the moral of the story does not some easy lit up streetlights wrath with nice smooth roads, right? It's a difficult motherfucker where you're gonna fail, and you're gonna be in your head, you're gonna be saying I'm not good enough. And it's how you get through that is how you get through that on a daily basis when that thing is say, Man,

I'm 43 I've done so much. You start to become civilized. The refrigerator gets full, you start getting making money and you start. I'm not getting cold anymore. I'm retired. Once in at 40 People shouldn't be playing basketball or football or being you start to believe this shit. And it becomes in your fucking mind. Like there's people who are retiring you know if 47 years old or 37 years old, at 43 I'm still putting 100 mile weeks still doing 1000s of pull ups 1000s of push ups because I'm not allowing myself to become civilized the worst that can happen to

The man has become civilized you lose that fucking fat you lose that. Why the fuck am I doing this shit? I'm good you ain't good man. You ain't never fucking arrived and that's just my mentality you may have more but you'd never fucking arrived you want to be uncommon amongst uncommon people period uncommon amongst uncommon peoples one of the greatest ways to put it as it like if you're if you're like for me what got me in trouble with the Navy SEALs is I want to be one so bad so bad I fought my ass off and I saw them as uncommon people very uncommon but once you become a Navy SEAL y'all navy seal so guess what happens you fucking common again

I wanted to be uncommon amongst uncommon people. I want it to be the guy I don't care if you fucking like knock if you understand me I didn't give a fuck once I went through this fucking journey his path of life you didn't get a whole bunch of fucking guys that don't fucking like me I don't give a fuck. I'm a warrior period is like it's been a lot more combat to me. A warrior is not always that words a motherfucker who says hey, I'm here again today I'm here again tomorrow I'm gonna be here the next day I'm 50 years old I'm still fucking getting accurate it's a person that puts no fucking limit on what's possible and that's what got me in trouble that's why I went to Ranger School as a seal that's why I tried to go to Delta Force twice you know I I've been I've been through all these different training programs because I was looking for in the military well Sal is in the training these people get their ass handed to him after they get out a lot of them get civilized

always want to go back into training no matter where I was at I wanted to go back to war in the war was in that training program. Where you see guys who can quit guys who are brutal guys who are suffering guys who are you go so as a seal you don't volunteer for ranger school? I did I put in seven chips got turned down I got accepted. I went at 2829 years old and they go Why did you go because I started becoming civilized I started becoming complacent. I need to get my fucking ass kicked again and when you go as a seal going down to you have no rank and Ranger School you could be a major you're just fucking Joe Brown you're nobody and you're not eating you're not sleeping so always put myself out immerse myself and shit like that even our climb the ladder. And I intentionally fall back down that motherfucker. Man getting soft dude. Getting soft. kick your fucking ass again. And I you know it's kind of the process did you find resistance from that amongst other guys? That didn't like the mate that you are making them uncomfortable? Because that is something that people there's a natural instinct that people have when someone's working harder than them to somehow another diminish that person? Well, I know that a lot of guys are like me for a lot of reasons. And I realized that I am a guy that doesn't care if you like me or not. And when you're an alpha male, and you're against other alpha males and we eat our own alpha males eat their own I love that shit. That's fucking gold man. I want to eat a man I'm all about that kind of mentality. But I was sometimes take it to another level now went part of a of a good old boy network I don't want to be part I wanted to be David fucking guidance for too long in my life. And it got me in trouble for too long. I left I wanted to be accepted. Growing up, I lied. I fuck dude, I couldn't if you fucking like UFC and I did it. I love it. I love it, man. It's gonna fucking watch me be my friend. Be my buddy. That fucking weak as shit. I found out through this path of life. Who is David Goggins? Who am I to go through it that alone? There was no fucking trophy on the fucking wall on the mantle that showed me my fucking brain no one helped me get to know my pay my fucking bills No I did shit from you don't know what ran was fucking mouth wants to fucking wait what? I suffered on my own and develop this man who said to Ironman? A very competitive ultra competitive do that. Taking what you want, man. I call that personal sovereignty. Exactly. was not a lot of people that have that. As me. There's a lot of people that change who they are depending upon what people want from them. And that's that's me. Yeah, that's important man. And most people struggle their whole life to find out who they are. Struggle their whole their whole life to find out what defines them what they actually enjoy and what they don't you start putting yourself in situations that suck. You'll find yourself. Yeah, you'll find it real quick. That is the thing right? And that's one of the things that I've gotten from paying attention to you is that you you what you're preaching what you're talking about is finding yourself through struggle is it it's only when you find yourself, you'll find yourself if you'd like bench pressing, and you bench press all the fucking time what do you find it out? If you'd like to swim, that's all you want to do is swim. What do you find it out?

Put that in people always. People talk about trick

Pour down on your fucking strengths, right? That's the fucking weakest shit in the world. No triple down on your fucking weaknesses. Yeah find out something about yourself you know that the good shit you I know the happy shit, right? That's why I'm on my Facebook page because Why don't you talk about good times? You know how to get to that shit motherfucker?

You don't need a fucking you you don't need anyone to tell you how to get through it's happy right? That's easy shit right? I want to tell you how you can help yourself get through the times that suck real life this is real life 90% of your life will suck

10% will be fucking happy you may be lucky God have a lot of fucking money have a great ass woman all this shit. Trust me one on one with that fucking guy. He's missing something because life still sucks because he hasn't faced something that bothered him his whole fucking life. Somebody still eaten that motherfucker up? Almost everybody everybody eat and you the fuck up but maybe you found a good way. How I did growing up on how to ignore that voice as saying you ain't facing some shit. Period man. I'm not special. I just stopped listening. I listened to that voice. It was why I talk so fucking aggressive. People get mad Do you believe in God your customer much?

When I say fuck, it is letting you know what I'm thinking. If I try to make it all pretty and shit, that's not what my life was. It was a violent, violent struggle daily to get where I'm at today. I'm not gonna water down, like a watered down and she wasn't fun. A fun today. But I'm happy.

Don't you think that your happiness is probably elevated by the amount of pain that you've gone through 100% So the amount of suffering that you understand the amount of pain that you've gone through makes you appreciate the happiness and the beautiful moments with much more intensity. That's what weak people miss about my story. Weak people hear this soft kid. Oh my god, he must be miserable. Oh my god. What the hell is wrong with him? You're missing the fucking story. You're not listening to the story, man. Look what I overcame. If that is a put some badge of honor tattooed in your fucking brain for the rest of your life. You can die today talking to Joe Rogan. You missing the story, man? Am I happy with the fuck that you think? Don't miss it. Don't misunderstand the past in which I speak for not being intensely happy, happiest person in the world. But I'm not done. So not gonna speak to you like oh man, everything's great. No, I have a lot more shit to do. A lot more shit to do with this is in the same use of the word that you used the Warriors mentality the Warriors life, right? This is this is the way that you can keep balanced and sane, right and keep a good grip on who you are. Period. And like there's a quote that was said, I don't know who said it, but was a great quote. This guy said,

going into combat going into war are the 100 men that go into war tensioning you fucking be there. 80 of them artists targets 10 Do most or nine do most of fighting. One is a warrior.

And it's a true quote to life. I saw it going through training. I saw it everywhere I went. There's so many people who just show up to life. As soon as you fucking be around. And there's few people do all the work. I want to be part of that nine. I'm working towards being that one. And that's that's how I live my life. Now, what are you doing with your life these days? Right now. I keep the same very routine. I get up every morning I run. I go to the gym. And then at nighttime, I stretch out. I am just trying to develop a business cost me a lot of money trying to do that. I'm just getting out. I'm a I'm an introvert. So I never want to get on social media. I'm not big on that. I'm big on being

with yourself. I believe all these

fucking cameras and phones and shit. It takes you away from the most powerful thing in the world, which is your fucking mind. So I try hard to continue to grow that I'm trying to break a record again. I'm trying to cross Death Valley as fast as possible top Mount Whitney. And I'm constantly trying to put goals and for me but the biggest thing is I'm trying to find more of myself. And all I can find more is to silence the world out as much as I can because it's getting busier every day is getting faster. And the faster it gets, the more you are missing Who the fuck you are. So I trap my own mind a lot and say Look, man, I put my phone away I put shit away and I go dark. I go dark a lot and it's because I have to find out. I'm on a journey of life. And we all have a different journey. And I want to be in my fucking pine box. And I believe your spirit lives forever has to to fucking powerful. No way in hell that thing just dies when you die. I want to be able to

look back on my life and I'm all dead and be so fucking proud of myself forever. This is all temporary shit to me. I want to be forever proud of who I was as a man and change who I used to be the liar the insecure guy, the guy who can whatever I want to be proud when I die now if I die Eva dot 90 100 I want to look at myself and say, proud of myself. Don't you think that also like we were saying that because you've gone through so much struggle you appreciate happiness? True happiness? Do you think that you appreciate discipline? Because you weren't disciplined? Do you think you appreciate the hard work you put in because you used to be weak? Yes. I appreciate self discipline. Yes. I never had a crazy thing about you know, you say that. I'd have a mother. Come wake me up. At three o'clock in the fucking morning say Hey, you gotta get your shit in. I had no trainer. I have a nutritionist. It was the self discipline that I had to survive to not survive. I was weak to thrive. No one's Hey, man, your tour 97 pounds, man. I want to help you out. Don't help me your fucking you're not smart. I'm gonna I'm gonna help you out. I had to work at all this shit. I had to overcome. And it self discipline is everything. If you don't have it, I'll look at you right now. I know you're capable of more and not discipline so much for me. It's all on you. It's all on you. The self part is was big. We need someone to hold people accountable. Fuck that shit, man. Fuck that shit. We we count on people too much to get us through shit. And we look to our right we look to our left, we're looking for help. And if you can build that self, you can build that total accountability in oneself. It's not about being selfish. I'm trying to create a better me. So hopefully people who are hearing this are taking it the right way you can say

I can run a mile a mile run a tour in five fucking miles June 4, I've been to Sydney Bala shit, she doesn't matter. I want you to see how fucking far you can go. And that's all it's about yourself. And that's where it all comes from? Well, listen, I guarantee you've already done that. What you experienced from watching that television show and what what got you out the door? What got you to sort of take the first steps to change your life, what you experienced by watching Rocky, what you expect those those moments of inspiration. Those are critical for people, they need to know that someone's done something that someone's done something that's greater than they would they could imagine themselves doing. And they want to take a step towards trying to be better than that inspiration is gigantic. And sometimes it comes across as corny. You know, people read it too much of it online. It becomes it drowns out, you lose, the meaning gets lost. I mean, there's and there's a lot of posers. There's a lot of people out there that are they're pretending that they're trying to offer up inspiration or a true honest account of their experiences. But really, what they're trying to do is say something that's going to get likes, right, you know, they're trying to say things that they think people are going to go Yeah, Wi Fi. Right. You know, there's a thing that people are doing when they're just trying to just get social cred. I said, social media is man Oh, a painted a picture of my fake life. Right? Right. I paint your picture my fucking real life. Yeah, period. Like it or not, man. But that, that real life is fuel for people. Right? It's fuel for me. I mean, I I love that shit. I live off of it. There's a lot of people that I follow online, and you're one of them that I can get something out of that I could watch a short clip of you talking I'm sure clips of this podcast, people are going to play these clips and go for fucking crazy runs afterwards. Right? Well, I hope so. Fuck, yeah. You don't even have to hope it's gonna happen. That's good. That's good. What is this business you're doing? Well, it's my own Goggins, LLC. Basically, I am investing in myself. I'm investing in myself. And I hope that this story is can can change somebody's life. Not to be me. Because they about me and I, I try to be as real as I can. Because we're all fucking suffering in this world. We're all hurting. And I tried to take away all titles, you want to give me that? You know that I did not come from that shit. That's why I have to be so authentic and so real about my own insecurities, my own faults. This being a fucked up person. I'm not the best at anything. I'm not. I'm not gifted. I'm just driven. And it's all about trying to share that message with people. This is all about, you know, I speak to a lot of people. And that's, that's what I do now. And how are you doing it as a business? I do some motivational speaking. But you know, right now, I'm not ready to make a lot of fucking money. I'm just trying to build the brand as authentic as possible. Because I don't want to build it too fast. Because my my biggest fear in life is people can rewrite through a motherfucker that's not real. I do it all the time.

Like a lot of people have these great quotes and they they mass produce.

I can't mass produce something, man, right? And they have these great quotes and shit. But are you living that motherfucker? What you just quoted and how powerful it may sound? Are you getting up every fucking morning about working out? Whatever? Are you really getting the fuck after? Are you just talking to motivate people? Right? And I don't want to be that guy. Are you talking to pretend that you're exactly after it and people make this big money over here the side which I've made a lot and they they talk this shit. And they're off this and it's gone right it all Finnick at all. It's all this shit, right? And I read it on my man's game. Bullshit, right? bullshit, man fucking wake up get after it live what you're saying. And then it comes people can see. We're not talking to me as I talk so fucking dispassionate because I'm reliving my fucking life. I'm reliving this morning when I got up. I want to do that shit. I'm reliving everything I did. And I can't speak to you. Like all calm and shit. Just sucks. It sucks, man. So whenever I start talking about like, after this podcast, you'll see man, God, you're so calm right now. What the fuck is wrong with you? I'm not going back through that shit, man. I'm not I'm not going back to the to suffering and shit that it took to become who I am today. So I'm slowly trying to build this brand to the point where I can slowly hopefully make people from motivated to driven because motivation is crap is shit. People right now, maybe listen to this shit. They'd be motivated to go run. If it's cold somewhere where they're at Allama first shut that door, go back inside. That's motivation. It comes and go. As how you feel. If you and your wife are good, if you and your kids are good, if you're good at work, you're motivated. I like a motherfucker whose life is imploded. ain't got shit in life and says

still gotta get after today man to his bout. So that's when you move from motivation to driven to obsessed. And I want people to realize once you get to this person of over here, the driven obsessed part, you're unstoppable. This commitment that you have to authenticity is one of the reasons why people are connected to what your your message is. That's one of the reasons why what you're saying you don't want to grow too fast. You don't want it to be bullshit, you're terrified of that thing. Just like we were talking about last week, people are terrified of seeing that weakness in yourself, right? You know, we all see that. We've all seen motivational things that are bullshit. We've all talked to people that are talking and you realize there's nothing really, that they're connected to, they're not really connected to their words, the words just a bunch of words that they've pieced together because they sound like something that someone who's, you know, enlightened on the subject would say, right? Yeah, it does. It doesn't doesn't connect at all. So your struggle now is to try to figure out how to stay you and get the message out, but still be fully connected to that message. Right? That's, you know, it's not so much a struggle, because I'm not really about

I'm not driven by the business. I'm not I'm not doing by trying to be, I make a very small salary from being retired from the military. That's all I need. So I'm not fast too. I'm a minimalist, motherfucker. Give me a backpack of fucking ground asleep on a pull up bar and a fucking some running shoes in a Subway sandwich or some shit and I'm fucking straight. So it's, I believe in patience. I'm a patient, dude, I can watch the piece of grass grow for 20 years. Because I know that

it's how you get somewhere in life by being that muck like mentality and be able to watch something grow very calmly, patiently. And that's all I'm doing right now. It's not about money. It's about people know me, I'll keep you like me. Whoever wants to hear this is out there. It's so your your your goal is to grow this right, slowly, very slowly. And goes to grow this in order to impact people period, as it is not about me.

What do you get out of impacting people?

It's a good question. I don't, I don't get anything out of it. I'm a tool. But you must get something that must be personal satisfaction must be a connection to those people. That must be it must be enriching to you. It's hard to connect with people because there's quite a few now that are coming in. Right. It's my duty is my duty to share. My it's kind of like it's somebody who discovered a new earth. You know, in discovered that people aren't in the water source in the food source. I discovered a whole nother part of your fucking brain that a lot of people don't even know about is my job by being a fucking on this journey. And being a discovery person in being the person that maybe discovered this part. I discovered a very important part that I haven't met many people that have discovered this part. I'm sure there's a lot out there. But as much

job now take these weak people in the category that I was in and say, Ah, stop reading the bullshit, stop listening to the bullshit.

And if if my story of success can impact somebody it is my job is my duty to share this to as much as I'm not really fond of it. I'm the kind of guy that wants to sit in the fucking room and just be me. Just be me alone, by myself, is who I am. But I have to get uncomfortable and tell people all this shit. I think it feels good. Tell me about it. At a fourth grade reading level in high school. I stuttered. I lied to people to be their fucking friends.

It feel good. It doesn't feel good at all. But maybe someone's doing the same shit.

And maybe they can realize wow, that motherfucker was a piece of shit. And he fucking now is a Navy SEAL retired guy and runs these miles and was tours and 97 pounds and pathetic fucker. And wow. If people say what he taught you, it's the fucking truth. I was a fucking pathetic motherfucker man. People cannot say that to themselves. It's, we have to choose these great fucking magical words. That makes that make people feel good. tell yourself the truth. If someone calls you fucking fat, they may be bullying you but you might be fucking fat.

Smokers you dumb is mean, but you might be fucking dumb.

It's life, man. Take it for what it's worth, and change it. And that terrible feeling when someone does tell you they are fat. You can use that as fuel as fuel, period. And that's all this is about and where it goes. If it goes somewhere and whatever, you know, I don't give a shit. Well, you said something that I think of when I run. And it's most people quit at 40%. That's it. That's my 40% rule. Man. I love that 40% Rule man and I I really develop that through my heart surgeries. And I develop that through that first 100 mile run. If I thought I had given 100% Hands on that chair at mile 70 fucked up, I thought I'd given 100%. And to go that last I go man, there had this, I wouldn't even near 100%. So I came up with this thing called the 40% rule is basically where you it's like a car, you put a governor on a car. And that's it, the car can go 130 that Governor stops to cart 91 And you're driving thinking I want to fucking floor but I can't go I can't go any faster. We do at your brain, we put a governor on our brains like me feel pain, discomfort, suffering, all those words that we hate to say because we end this happy, peaceful world we live in now. We stop. We slow down. And if you can get through these different barriers and gain 5% 2% 3% That 40% becomes 60 that 60% You can 70 and 80 and 90. And then you hopefully one day near 100. I don't know how many people will probably add 100 I mean, we think we're there but there's so much more than 100 at death's door though. I love that ethic is true. I think that's 100% True. I think when you're laying in that top, you'd knocked on a door that is that is 100% true. No one has ever. That is 100% truth. I didn't get 100% And that 101 mile run I did for the first time. So that's the scary thing. That's the scariest thing in the world. I didn't die. You probably gave 99.99999

I guarantee.

I guarantee man, dude, I don't know how to end this any better than that. So let's just wrap this up. If people want to find your stuff, what's the best place to go and look for it? I'm just at David Goggins man, social media on Instagram, Facebook. I don't tweet that much stuff out because I'm, I write these. I write messages. And I always linked it, you know, on Twitter to my Facebook and Instagram, but it's just at David Goggins. It was an honor and privilege. Thanks so much, man. I really, really appreciate it. Thank you. David Goggins. Ladies and gentlemen. Go after it. You motherfuckers Come on.