Yes, we're live. Ben Shapiro

has gone. Very good.

How's it going with you, man?

It's going well, I love. I love the new digs. They haven't been here since you finished it over and I walked in, I thought to myself, I've been doing my business wrong. I mean, you got what three employees? You know, there's

not that many folks working on this. Yeah,

I mean, so in my offices, we have like, 80. And our offices are not nearly this. Cool. So I'm gonna go back to my office and fire every one of your folks come in and design because, I mean, it's either a lot of people or I could have cars in my office. Yeah, but you

wouldn't go down this route. You're, you're more of a conservative gentleman know myself, then you're wearing a suit jacket. You're your own boss. Nobody tells you how to dress. And yet you dress like a grown up. Yeah.

Well, you know, I won't pretend that nobody tells me how to dress. We have people who tell me how to dress. We have people who do my hair. All that stuff. You have like fashion folks. Yeah, because I need because I used to. I mean, if you look at the old photos of me, I have like the Hitler hair. I've got like the hair. That's the only thing about me that Hilarion was my old hair. And I've got that the hair that kind of comes down over the forehead. And I still walk into the office wearing basically an undershirt every day, because I'm incredibly lazy when it comes to that stuff. But we should be able to. Yeah, I mean, that's, that's the prerogative of being the boss. Maybe

it'd be more relatable. If you showed up wearing like flip flops and T shirt

that kind of kills my brand. No, no, because like it was your brand. Exactly. I thought it was being an asshole.

I think you're an asshole, though. Thank

you. I appreciate it. You're

very nice guy. You're just conservative.

That's the dirty little secret, though. Yeah, we're not supposed to. We're not supposed to talk about that. But this is one

of the things that bothers me so much about you being so misrepresented. When I read things about you. There was a the article that we were just talking about the alt right sage without the rage, they called you and you're not even remotely. All right. In fact, you were the leading target of anti semitic abuse for all of 2016 where you

are into the anti Defamation League, which is no ally of mine. So yeah, I mean, I'm not only am I not all right, I've spent the last four years, like legitimately battling the alt right, talking about how evil I think their ideology is how evil I think white supremacy is I mean, first of all, like people with yarmulke is typically not the favorites of the alt right. And then beyond that, I mean, I think their ideology is legitimately a devastatingly awful twist on what Western civilization is supposed to be. What's amazing is a review of my new book. And my new book has several sections in there dedicated to how terrible the alt right is. And then the interview they did with me doesn't talk about alt right stuff at all, but they just assume I'm on the conservative, right? That must mean that I am alt right. It's like, No, you stupid

labels, they're disingenuous, people are labeling people in a very simple manner to try to categorize them as the enemy. And instead of just addressing these points, like I love watching your debates where you do q&a with college students and with people in the audience, because you can see you agree with you or disagree with you, you have well formulated ideas. This isn't just some bullshit that you're spouting out. You thought these things through.

I mean, I've been doing this for legitimately more than half my life. I'm 35. And I started when I was 17. And I started writing a syndicated column at that point. And when you're 17, you think a lot of dumb stuff. And then sure you get older and you educate yourself and you spend a lot of time reading and a lot of time studying. Hopefully you have some cogent arguments after 20 years of doing anything. I mean, but it's the demonization is pretty astonishing. We we had on Andrew Yang, he's the only Democratic candidate who has agreed to go on the Sunday special that I do. We did a full hour on UBI it was perfectly nice. It was perfectly coherent and, and conciliatory. And yet people will suggest that everything I do is about destroying people on the other side, because of all the Ben Shapiro destroys videos and all that kind of stuff. There's there

are certain groups of people where that's their shtick. They're like they're goons, right, they just go after people online for attention. Yes, this is a stick. This is not you. And this is what bothers me so much. And I know that you've said some things in the past like particularly about Arabs, and like when you were a younger man, you said I should have said that. Yeah,

that's exactly right. That's exactly right. Some of those things were taken out of context like that one particular tweet, which was a bad tweet was a tweet that was part of a tweet thread in which I was specifically contrasting Israel and the Hamas leadership and saying that the Israeli government likes to build and the Hamas leadership would prefer that their citizens live in sewage and bomb things. But that was a bad tweet. Obviously. My entire history on on Muslim relations is one like I supported the ability of Ilhan Omar to wear a hijab on the on the floor. I oppose President Trump's originally proposed Muslim ban. In the last three weeks I've had on machine Nawaz, I've had on contact med I had on yesterday, a reformed Muslim like these are conversations that have to be had but to take that is one of things that bugs me so much. I've tweeted I think 140,000 times I've written millions of words. I'm sure you can find something I don't even remember having written. That is bad. I have a running list by the way. I tried to be honest with I'm one of the only people I know who has I have a running list. It's called. So here's the giant list of all the dumb stuff I've ever done. And I actually go through all this, like, you can look it up. This is not me saying this now, I mean, you can go and look up all the things that I think I've done wrong. And I'll apologize for some, and I'll say some were dumb. And I'll say some, I'm fine with and you're just taking out of context. But I mean that I hope that's what honest people tried to do. But

this is the problem. You're not dealing with honest people, when people try to categorize you as All right, or they're trying to put you into this category of internet goon. There. They did, quote, tweet, there's taking some little tiny phrase you said seven years ago and trying to say this is you. This is you now, it's so that's such a disingenuous thing to do. I hate

it. And I hated across the aisle, by the way, like I was a defender of James Gunn, I thought James Gunn shouldn't have been fired from Guardians of the Galaxy. Yeah.

dumb jokes.

That's exactly right. And even if somebody tweeted something bad, like 10 years ago, bringing it up now, is not an attempt to actually make the public space better. And you're not actually offended by that thing. That person tweeted 10 years ago that you didn't notice what it is that you want to get rid of this person or hurt this person. So you're gonna bring up something from 10 years ago, and then you're gonna try and club them into submission with it? Because if you actually ask them their opinion about it, they might have a more nuanced view on what they said, maybe they apologize. Maybe they think I don't even remember saying that, right. I mean, I felt the same way. By the way, I tried to be consistent. I really do about about this stuff. I said the same thing about for example, Ralph Northam, the governor of Virginia who was excoriated for having this terrible racist photo on his yearbook page back in medical school in 1987. And people were saying, Well, this is evidence he's racist. Now. It's like, well, no, that's evidence that he was doing a racist thing, then that's not evidence that he's racist. Now, you sort of have to look over the broad course of his career. And he ended up doing what everyone now does, which is, you just don't apologize for anything. You just tried to pass it off, as in nothing. The public space is actually getting worse. Because let's say that you did something bad in the past. There are a few human responses to I did something I don't like in past human response. Number one is, you know what, I apologize that was wrong. These days, that gets your face step done. Right? You say I apologize. I was wrong. It means well, why did you do it in the first place? Because you're a bad person. Apologies are not accepted. And then number two, is you bracing it out? You do the Trump? You know, I never did anything wrong ever. I've never been perfect, right? And that, and then you get your defenders to come and surround you. And then nothing ever gets cleansed, or opportunity. Number three is you do what Barack Obama did, which is you come out preemptively. And you try to remember all the bad stuff you do, and then you confess it in public. So in Dreams from My Father, he says, right? Well, you know, when I was back in high school did a low blow. And it was like, oh, okay, so you did cocaine when he was in high school. That's, that's cool. Whereas if it comes out during the campaign, right, it's done he stoned right? Then he's got that he's got a real problem. The problem is that right now, even if you preemptively come out and say I did something wrong, like, for example, Liam Neeson talking about years ago, when he had a racist thought that he didn't act on when he had a racist thought. This is now we're gonna try and ruin your career for something that you admit was bad that you did 30 years ago, we're going to try and run you over that. If you apologize for something that you did 30 years ago, which you would have preferred just got forgotten, because it was embarrassing and stupid, then we say you're bad. And so all you're left with is like the most shameless people in the world, who are in the public space, right? The incentive structure is to be deeply shameless, to just say, yeah, man, I own that. And it was great when I said it, or I didn't say it at all, and you're just just full of it. I never said that stuff. Oh, who are you gonna believe your eyes are me. And it makes it makes for a really bad politics. Well,

it's just this the culture of going after people for things and finding any thing to categorize them as someone who's a viable target. And this is what I've seen the thrust your way. It's like, there's nothing wrong with being conservative. There's something wrong with wanting everyone to think the way you think, though. This is the difference. Like, what you what what I like that you do is you debate your points, you state your positions, you have a philosophy. And what I don't like is when people try to pretend that that philosophy is some some somehow hateful or somehow regressive, or some like you're that you condemn people for their thoughts. You just you don't. This is what not what I see with

you. I appreciate that. And I appreciate the accuracy Excite. I think that's true. I mean, I've come out against virtually every Twitter ban, including people who have personally targeted me, I've come out against that. I've come out against virtually every one.

Talk about that, because what are your thoughts about this idea of D platforming? And, you know, this is something that we were just discussing before the podcast, where the CEO of YouTube and Kara Swisher from recode I think Kara Swisher they were talking about removing you from YouTube, and I thought it was the CEO of YouTube. It was actually Caros that I would if I could,

yeah, she's passed because her son apparently listens to that's kind of

funny if she's being funny saying that it was I thought it was the CEO of YouTube.

She was trying to imply that she was trying to the same thing that they do with you or with Dave Rubin and Jordan Peterson, which is that anybody who is sort of heterodox because In that group, I think I'm the only registered Republican ever. Anybody who's heterodox is now being portrayed as darks meaning just thinks differently from kind of the down the line, Democratic Party platform. You're not like down the line with Hillary, you're like Sam Harris is a Democrat Sam Harris is heterodox because he disagrees that Islam is by necessity a religion of peace, for example, or he thinks that we have to look at actual statistics in order to make evidentiary base points about discrimination and disparity. And this makes him an enemy of people like Ezra Klein and vox.com, this sort of stuff, they then say that you are a feeder for white supremacy, right? They can't actually get you on what you say. Yeah. So it turns into well, you know, some members of your audience do things that that are really bad. It's like, Well, dude, I have like millions of people who are members of my audience, I have 5 million Facebook followers. I have 2 million on Twitter, and you're way bigger than I am. I assume that some of those people are going to be crazy.

I mean, yeah, I would assume Yeah, the idea that your respect Well, this is what YouTube tried to do you know that the comment thing? Where the YouTube was going to try to make people responsible for the comments and their videos? Which What is it normal Jamie, like a normal video that we get? How many comments is like 10,000? That's like an average one. How the fuck? Am I supposed to have some dude with his itchy trigger fingers standing by in front of a keyboard just waiting for something offensive to pop up. And this was in response to something that happened with them where there was pedophiles who are watching videos of children doing things, and they were commenting stuff in the you know, like children's gymnastics and stuff like that. They're commenting and like communicating with each other through the comments. And it was sort of discovered that there was this connection. They were doing this in many, many videos and YouTube rightly panic. They're like, holy shit, we have to stop this. So the response, I guess was, we just have to make people responsible for their comments. Someone said, oh, yeah, good idea. But you didn't think through it at all. Right? And that certain people that can't do that, it's

totally insane. And and it's insane in in virtually every respect. And it's funny how it's only applied kind of by the media on one side of the aisle. So to take an example, the congressional baseball shooting happens a couple of years ago guy happens to be a Bernie fan is that Bernie Sanders is fault, right? No, that is not Bernie Sanders is that went away, right? Literally, people stopped talking. And that was shooting of legislators, like elected people when nearly died. And that kind of went away. We don't talk about, you know, Bernie's responsibility, but there's a shooting in Christchurch, and it's Jordan Peterson's fault. And Jordan Peterson has no relationship with the shooter whatsoever. It's my fault. I have no relationship with the shooter and denounce everything that that piece of crap stands for. And suddenly, it's really ugly. And it's going to it will come home to roost. I mean, here's what's going to happen is Facebook and YouTube, are you gonna fall prey to their own standards? Because if their standard is that you're responsible for your followers, or I'm responsible for my followers, or Jordan or anybody else is responsible for all the people who view their stuff. Okay, then why isn't Facebook responsible for all the people posting on his platform? If they are right, if Facebook becomes responsible for all the people posting on his platform, they'll be bankrupt in a week, they've got a problem, they really do. Because they have to decide whether they're a platform, or whether they are a do gooder publication. I run, I run a publication daily wire, it's openly conservative, we make no bones about that. And we are responsible for the content that appears on our platform. And if we say something defamatory, we will be sued. If we say something that is false, then we will be sued. Presumably, if you post something false on Facebook, Facebook doesn't get sued. But now Facebook is deemed itself the morality police and they'll ban people they don't like and they'll decide what editorially ought to be elevated and what ought not to be elevated. Does that sound more like the phone company to you? Or does that sound more like my website where I decide what gets published? And what doesn't? Right? Because Facebook's case for exemption from these laws, is what we're like the phone company, right? When you're on the phone with somebody, if that person says something criminal, at&t isn't responsible for the person saying something criminal or terrible. It's just the phone company, right? But Facebook isn't doing that Facebook is jumping into the middle of conversations, and then saying, well, we don't really like this conversation. So we're just going to kind of shut it down, not because of legal threat, but because we just don't like it. So are

they actually doing that? Say if you put a post up on Facebook, and they don't like the way you worded things or describe things where they actually shut down your posts, what will they

do? So they've done it in the past to some conservative public is pretty controversial, because they're not transparent at all. Right? I can tell you that the beginning of 2018, we lost about 35% of our traffic because Facebook started cracking down on mostly conservative sites, they said that it was kind of new sites generally. But that's not what the statistics showed. They're doing it more often with things that we all sort of agree are bad, right? We all agree white supremacy is bad. White Nationalism is bad. Now they say they're gonna censor that stuff. But here's where I'm uncomfortable. I think that that stuff is awful and evil and those people are the ones are the they're the reason I have personal security. But once you get into the business of Facebook gets to decide which speech is good and which speech is bad. They're an editor. Yeah, they're an editor even if I agree with their assessment. I have what stuff is good and what is bad, I am not comfortable with them in the driver's seat there. And if they are going to be in the driver's seat, then they shouldn't be held liable for all the stuff that's on their platform. Why isn't the twitter twitter same thing? Right? Why is it that Louis Farrakhan is still on that platform? But Alex Jones is not like, I don't like Alex Jones's material. And I've been very, very critical of Alex Jones. I didn't think he should get banned from from Twitter unless he actually violated the law unless he was responsible for a violent threat unless he was defamatory or something. They're

definitely going down this road of being the moral arbitrators. They're the ones who get to decide what the conversations are. And and that's an insane responsibility, the responsibility of getting to dictate what should and should not be discussed, and to have it be a handful of people and have these people almost almost exclusively live in the Pacific Northwest. That whole tech community mean, it's all tech liberals who really if you're round those people, they live in this really strange, Uber wealthy bubble of super genius spectrum, people who are coders, and super capitalists and people that are raising money all over the place and designing technology, and they have an ideology. And it's not necessarily a bad one, just just being honest and upfront about what it is. It's it's incredibly progressive, which is very unusual for big business, right for big business to be just openly, transparently progressive and pushing social justice. It's very unusual.

Well, I think that there is a sort of misunderstanding of when we say what big business is, what big businesses so I think that there's a wide variety of owners of businesses and how they think about politics, obviously, you know, Bill Gates is a progressive guy, Warren Buffett's progressive guy they are now.

His whole life is ruthless with Microsoft.

Well, so I think that there are a lot of listen, I think that that the vast majority, I think Mark Zuckerberg is ruthless with Facebook, and he's progressive. I think Jack Dorsey is as ruthless as the next guy when it comes to profit. I mean, he's still got to be answerable to his shareholders. So I think I think a lot of the progressivism is sort of a way to excuse your own in your own involvement in the capitalist market. Facebook

took off don't be evil. That was their thing. Don't people that decide to remove that Google, right? Yes, a Facebook, Google. Yeah. When Google did that, I met Google. Just funny when you think something, but you're saying and when they did that, it's like, why would you ever take off? Don't be evil. Like that.

But here's my thing. Here's my thing. I think that if our tech companies were honest, they should take that stuff off. Like stop pretending you're do Gooding, you're not doing you're providing a platform, and maybe the platform is the good, right? In a capitalist economy. The product that you provide is the good I don't need additional good to come from your product, right? If you want to provide me a solid morning drink, right? I don't need your politics along with that. I just need the drink. Well, if I want a social media company, I don't give two craps about what Mark Zuckerberg thinks about politics. Dude hasn't studied it. I don't care at all with Jack Dorsey who vacations in Malaysia and gets bitten by a million mosquitoes, while meditating has to say about the nature of life. Like what why do I care about Jack Dorsey's political view? He has provided me a good the good is this basic chat room where I'm consuming news, how about that would just be enough, but it's not enough for a lot of these folks. It's, it's the, the kind of huli from Silicon Valley, we're gonna pretend that we're here to do good. And it's not enough just to acknowledge that maybe the thing that you provided is the good like Bill Gates has done more good with Microsoft. And then he has done with any of his charities, he's given a lot of money to charity. But Microsoft has provided legitimately hundreds of 1000s of jobs and created enormously productive lines of business and made enormous profit for a lot of people. A lot of people have stock in Microsoft, as a general as a basic factual thing, he has done more good doing that than giving 10s of millions of dollars to, to various outside causes. So it feels like a lot of the progressivism in in corporate halls in Silicon Valley is bifurcated mentally, it's like people have it like dolphins is one side of the brain on at a time. Here's my, here's my capitalist side where I go out and make money and profit. And then here's my other side, where I show people what a great person I am by proclaiming that I'm for Bernie Sanders, while parking my money offshore to make sure that they're it's shielded from that from the tax man.

Yeah, well, that's a good assessment. What I'm saying is the Don't be evil thing. Like, one of the things that I thought was a what if that was like a legal decision with me being cynical that they were pulled into some sort of an office and said, If we say, Don't be evil, and you take someone off the platform, you're accusing them of evil. That's

I mean, that we should slow that maybe I mean, again, this this, this self assessment of you are the moral police. I find really troubling and it's so funny, I'm, I'm the suppose and more or less, right? I'm the religious guy. I'm the Orthodox Jew, right? I talk about social standards and how people should behave in that Personal life when it comes to government, and when it comes to me imposing my views on you, I am way less of a top down tyrant than any of the people in Silicon Valley, I am not here to tell you that you are not allowed to be on a platform because we disagree. It's one thing if you're threatening violence, which is an actual violation of law, but this crap where people like me because I believe in the social fabric built on certain Judeo Christian values, but I'm not forcing you to be part of that. And I'm not, I don't think the government should compel you to be a part of that, or I'm the tyrant. But the person who sits at the top of Twitter or Facebook, who is saying that they get to police what you see, and they're going to nudge you in the right direction, nudge you in the right direction, without your consent, without them even telling them what you're doing. Right. They're just, they're gonna push you a little bit because they know better than you. And they can sort of massage you into better views if we control your channels of information. This is something the Obama administration was very fond of. There's a scholar named Cass Sunstein, as a legal scholar, and he wrote a book called nudge he was very famous it was it was used as sort of a handbook during the Obama administration. And the idea was, well, if we can just use a non forcible means to sort of nudge people in a particular direction without them even knowing they're being nudged, then shouldn't we do that? And I think, No, you shouldn't, you shouldn't, because transparency is the only way I can tell what kind of bullshit you're trying to sell me.

Well, not just that, like you're you're closing down even conversation, if soon as you're trying to silence this other voice. If you're, if you believe one thing, and another person believes a different thing you should probably talk about. And the way, the way that I know for sure there's something wrong with your argument, is if what you're trying to do is you're sneakily trying to silence these voices. And again, as long as we're not talking about threats of violence, and as long as we're not talking about harassment, or Daxing, right, we're just talking about conversation, you're just talking about people with differing points of view, if you want to silence differing points of view, I have to wonder about your intent, I have to wonder about whether you're going into this conversation with good faith, I have to wonder whether you've really objectively assessed whether or not your argument does hold up against scrutiny. Because this is also part of the problem. And when you're in an echo chamber, you often don't formulate these arguments very well. Like when you confront people about certain bias beliefs that they have. And you you have an opposing belief, if they're part of a bubble, like sometimes they might not have even ever considered some of the things you have to say. And I've seen that with some of your videos.

Yeah, I mean, it does happen all the time. And with sophisticated people, or I've spent my entire life literally my entire life in areas where everyone disagrees with me. Yeah, I grew up in LA, I went to Harvard Law School for three years, I was in Cambridge, where everyone disagreed with me. And then I came back to LA. So I have never spent more than a week at a time in a red state. Right, whatever your

conservative values moved in one way or another of the I mean,

I should say that at all, my personal values probably haven't shifted very much, but my political values have shifted libertarian. Hmm. I mean, so I used to be a proponent of criminalization of marijuana, I'm no longer I've been in favor for you. A couple of things. One was just a general sense of the government sucks at everything. And the more I see the government tried to crack down on things, the more prevalent it becomes, I mean, people were dealing pot on my sixth grade, seventh grade playground in public school. So obviously, like, yeah, exactly. And, and then, just a general, a general perception, not only the government sucks at everything, but that you got to own your own actions, and also examining more of the evidence about the impact of pot on people's lives. And, you know, again, there's you ruining your own life through use of drugs, then there's drugs that legitimately ruin other people's lives, are there drugs that remove your ability to even reason or think I think there are only two reasons to criminalize drugs in any fashion. One is, if there are drugs, like for example, PCP that legitimately make you violent, and then you are going out and committing acts of violence against people, then there's a case. Or if you're talking about a drug, where it legitimately robs you of your capacity to reason if it were heroin, if you're able to actually crack down on it successfully. But even then, I'm not sure that the proper government solution is criminalization because we've criminalized it, and it's still incredibly prevalent. So it's, I

agree with you, I agree with you on that. And I agree with you in terms of drugs being extremely detrimental. And the other part is that there's comparable drugs that are illegal, and comparable drugs, meaning not even really comparable drugs that are far more devastating, like alcohol, like you could just go to any grocery store and buy a jug of whiskey and kill yourself with it. It's not difficult.

And we have books already that prevent externalities. If you drive high, it's the same as driving drunk. So I'm not sure that you need additional laws to do that. And also, you know, I'm not opposed to zoning laws like I don't think a pot shop should open up right next to my house right there. Residential zoning. That's fine. With liquor stores, though, right? I don't want a liquor store right next to my house. This is correct. Yeah. Right. So So I become libertarian, in some ways on that sort of stuff. The same thing is true, by the way when it comes to the issue of same sex marriage. So on a personal moral level, I'm opposed to same sex marriage. I'm an Orthodox Jew. And I believe that a man and a woman were made For each other, when it comes to government involvement, I don't think that's anybody's business. I think a lot of things I think adultery is bad too. I don't think the government ought to be involved in adultery. I I'm so strict I don't think premarital sex is a good thing, right? I've been very vocal about this. I was a virgin until I was married. My wife was a virgin until she was married. I think that's a good thing. So I think the government has anything to do with any of those things. No, I don't I don't think it's any of the government's business. It's consensual activity. There are no externalities. So what exactly is the government getting involved in? And when the government gets involved in stuff, then there are externalities, right? Once the government starts to cram down its vision on people, then you start to get unintended externality. So for example, with the, with the legalization, my view on marriage, is that the government should get completely out of the business. I don't think the government should be involved in straight marriage. I don't think it should be involved in gay marriage, I think the government should be out. I agree. 100%. And the reason that I say that is because as a religious person, right, who believes in traditional marriage, I have two, I have two marriage certificates. I have the one from the state that I don't give two craps about, it's buried somewhere in my garage. And then I have my religion, my religious marriage certificate, which meant among other things, that I got to shut up my wife, right. I mean, like, this was the one that mattered to me. And I think that's true for most religious people. The religious ceremony matters a lot more than the state saying a thing. And the state isn't incentivizing. Those people aren't getting married, because they're like, Yeah, I need the tax break. So that's a bunch of nonsense. And once the government decides what version of marriage it wants to push, that then comes into conflict with other values. So for example, once the state of California decides that same sex marriage is on legal par with heterosexual marriage, now I'm worried about the externality of I have a religious day school, or I have my synagogue, my synagogue is a religious institution, it doesn't approve of same sex marriage. Now, is the government going to come in and tell my synagogue how it ought to act with regard to same sex marriage? I don't think that's the government's business. So how about this? How about everybody gets to do basically what they want associated with whom they want? And it's none of the government's business. This seems like a pretty good, happy medium.

I I'm so glad you talked about the two things that I want to talk to you about that I'm sure we disagree on. One of them being marijuana and the other one being gay people marrying each other. So let's start with the marijuana one. Do you think marijuana ruins people's lives? Is that is that one of your contentions?

I think that it can. And I think in the same way you ever had any experience with marijuana? No, I'm just talking about the I'm just talking about the statistical overuse of marijuana among teenagers does have detrimental brain effects that have some long term after effects. It's

pretty proven. And that's one of the things that I really, I'm glad you said that because I wanted to cover that while you were in the middle of a rant. Well, we were joking around about sixth and seventh graders selling pot. Don't smoke pot when you're young, you really should. It's not good for the development of your brain. Same thing with drinking. You know, I didn't smoke a lot of pot when I was a kid I did a handful of times until I was 30 years old. But I did drink a bunch of times when I was young, and in high school. And it's terrible for brain developed, right? Especially before you're 25. And your frontal cortex hasn't even fully formed. your frontal lobe is like this. It's it's a developing thing. And there was an article recently that I posted from BBC they were saying that you probably shouldn't be considered an adult until you're 30.

Right? They're saying brain development doesn't even stop until you're 26 or 20. This is why when when people are saying let's let's lower the voting age, and I'm like, What the

What the fuck are you talking about? When I was 16, I was a chimp. It was a chimp in high school. Now when the problem that I have with many people's perceptions on marijuana is that it's based on ignorance meaning not no personal experience. You know, and

listen, I'll admit I've no personal marijuana. So I know you don't I'm not speak probably should get high. That's what I'm trying to say. Man, I've seen the effects on on stock prices. When people get hired in the studios.

They jump up and jump down for a little while. Chickens jump off the vote. Then they come right back up. The marijuana thing is, in my opinion, it's another one of those things where people have this this categorized box that they like to put marijuana users in like this is the category lazy stoner stupid, delusional.

It's too widespread for that. I mean, there are people I know who are doctors who Yeah, so well. There's

the jujitsu community is a big one. There's a giant percentage of the jujitsu community that does jujitsu, hi, they have competitions, or a party does not matter. I'm telling you it because it's not what people think it is. If you've never smoked marijuana, this is going to be a very difficult thing to grasp. But marijuana enhances jujitsu because it eliminates the rest of the world. When you're rolling, which rolling is like say if you and Jamie were going to have a sparring match that would be rolling like slap hands, and then you go and you try to choke him and he's trying to get you in an armbar and you're going after it. When you do that on marijuana. It's like you don't think of anything else other than those movements and it becomes like this. Very intense meditation and violence. Like it's not violent in terms of most of the time you don't really even get hurt. Like you get to the point like one of the beautiful things about jujitsu is you can grab a hold of someone and choke them to the point where they're going to go to sleep and you would kill them if you kept going. And they tap around your friends again, and everybody's cool. And you try to do it to me and I try to do it to you. And you really can do it reasonably hard without people getting hurt. It happens every day, all throughout the world. A lot of these people are high. And they're doing this jujitsu practice in this almost like trends. It's it's a transcendent

state, if you can function when you're using marijuana. I don't care. But you can. This is what I'm saying and perceptions are off. So, I mean, I would assume there's a small subset of the population for whom that's not true, right? Who are overusing marijuana? Yes. And that's probably the majority, in fact, okay, so So then, you know, but again, it's not a caesarean way with food. I agree. So I don't think there's anything we disagree about here because I'm not talking about criminalizing marijuana use. I think that we should honestly discuss the evidence that for a subset of the population, there is some evidence that marijuana is addicting, but it's a subset. It's not everybody who's on marijuana, the vast majority of people on marijuana are not addicted to marijuana. I think in the same way alcohol administer of alcohol was well, there's there's

people that are going to be addicted to almost anything. And I think there's just absolutely people that are addicted to sugar this for sure people that are addicted to nicotine and alcohol and all these things that we let people have

the material addictiveness of marijuana is not comparable to opioids, though

for us. It's not even comparable to alcohol or nicotine, it's it's seems to be very rare when people become physically addicted to it extremely rare. And what's what's common, though, is abuse. And it's common in everything that human beings consume. It's abuse is common, as we said, with food, certainly common with alcohol, it's certainly common with pills.

This is why, you know, I really believe that the way to solve some of these problems is a social fabric problem. Like it's a parenting problem. It's a social fabric problem. It's a personal choice problem. Yeah. That's why virtually every solution I suggest is so funny. You know, I'm constantly conservatives like me, who are libertarian leaning are constantly accused of being non compassionate. No, it's just our compassionate solutions don't involve the use of government. Yeah, it's like, we're going to encourage people to make better decisions with their lives. And if you choose not to do that, it's a free country.

Well, you know, coming from religious background, you have this community that reinforces this kind of behavior and thought, and I think that's one of the major, really, one of the best benefits of religion is that moral fabric and that community, the sense of community, even silly ones, like Mormons, you know, they're the nicest folks, right? They believe something that is fucking patently insane. If you go and read the Joseph Smith texts from 1821, he's 14 years old, the shit that he wrote, like,

I try not to get into doctrinal insanity. I wear a funny hat all day.

Well, I'm just gonna get to that. Yeah.

But you know, with that said, I mean, Alexis de Tocqueville talks about this, you know, early on in the American Republic, the idea is that what makes America very different is the idea. You don't need a big government, when you do have a supportive social fabric where people feel like they're at least oriented toward a common goal. It's one of the problems that I think we have in the country right now, I'm not sure people are oriented toward even a common sense of, of conversation. I mean, it's you don't have to agree on on everything in order to have a common sense of the important values that unify the country are showing us and I always use Sam Harris as sort of my bet noir here, because he's obviously a militant atheist, I'm, I'm an equally in equally strong believer. And yet, when it comes to the things that we would like to see happen in the country, not on government policy level, but on a, let's have a conversation level and discuss on evidence level, we're on the same page, there's certain core assumptions you have to make in order for that to happen. And my argument that America and the West, is that those core assumptions are built on Judeo Christian foundations, Sam's core argument seems to be that they're built on evolutionary biology. We differ a little bit there.

I don't want to let this marijuana thing go to one of the things that I wanted to bring up too, was this idea that if you're a religious person, don't you think that there's certain things that maybe God put here for us to consume, to change your perspective to allow you to reach new levels of consciousness? Don't you think it's entirely possible that some of these things that are here, and I know you haven't experienced, but they might literally have been put there by God. And there's some evidence to say that a lot of the text from the Bible that in particular, there was I think it was the University of Tel Aviv, somewhere in in Jerusalem, where the scholars were, they were trying to decipher what it meant when Moses encountered the burning bush, right. And they believe that it may have been the acacia tree, which is very rich and Dimethyltryptamine, which is a psychedelic substance that actually that the brain produces. And it's very common in plants. And they think that this might have been when he met God, and God was a burning bush, that this might have been some crude translation of them being involved in some sort of a psychedelic experience. Now, it sounds outlandish, unless you've had that psychedelic experience and when you have you very well could think that you were in a conversation with God, this is on earth. And this is something that may very well have been lost information, or this may very well have been rituals that people participated in to bring them closer together, and to reinforce that sense of community that you do get from a church. And you do get from a group of people that share more beliefs and values. And there's there's real good discussion, that a lot of these experiences that became these religious doctrines came from psychedelic experiences. Now, as someone who's never experienced that before, I know, this is probably a very strange thing to try to even wrap your head around. It's, it is entirely alien until you experience it. But it might very well be religious.

I mean, I've heard that from other people who have been who have used those kinds of drugs, they say, I'm actually made this argument to me too, about the use of psychedelics. And any maybe apples well, okay, so this argument, I will say, I'm not super fond of the argument that God made something and therefore, it's ours to use, or, I mean, like, I keep kosher, right, like God made pigs, I don't need him. So. So I am not a huge fan of the argument that because something is here, or because in urges natural, therefore we ought to imbibe, or therefore we ought to participate in a particular activity. One of the things that I that I'm very big on I'm a rationalist, when it comes to religion, as much as you can be a rationalist with regard to religion, to the extent that I think that it's up to us to use our reasonable faculties to determine the proper use of things. So which is why you shouldn't overuse drugs, even if you're going to use drugs. This

is part of the problem making things illegal, you make things illegal, then you really don't know what it is or how it affects the body, or what's the right dose or the wrong dose. And then people get involved in these terrible situations where they're taking things, they're just guessing.

I mean, there's truth to that. But it's also true that on a social level, I'm not talking about legal because we totally agree on a legal level. On the social level. There's a couple of things that are true of, for example, the Orthodox Jewish community, low rates of addiction, because people have that social fabric, they don't feel the necessity. Also, me as you say, substance use in moderation can actually be quite a good thing. So low rates of alcoholism in the Jewish community. And part of that is the fact that you are given kiddish wine from the time you're a kid, right? I mean, you actually are destigmatize, yeah, it's D stigmatized. And the idea is that in its proper context, this could be a good thing. So I'll admit, I don't know enough about the proper context of marijuana to know when it would be a quote unquote, good thing. And so I can be a good thing. This is what I'm trying to do. So and also I'm, you know, the truth is, I don't enjoy drinking, right? I'm not I'm not a drinker. I don't enjoy I like reality. I like living in reality, and I like experiencing it totally sober. So I've never really felt the urge to do any of that stuff. I hear the pitch, I hear the pitch. But I've never really felt the interior designer needed to jump in. We understand

that. I think that what we're dealing with, though, is perceptions that have been molded by laws that were shaped by tyrants. That's what I think.

I mean, again, that's totally possible and plausible. Yeah. And it's historically

accurate. I mean, when it comes to prohibition, prohibition with alcohol didn't work. Prohibition with drugs is just making the cartels bigger, and it's causing problems. On

a practical level, whether you like drugs or don't like drugs, government intervention, ism is generally a giant fail. I

think our perceptions of what is good for you and is bad for you is also based on laws that the government created ignorantly, the sweeping psychedelic act of 1970, which made virtually everything psychedelic that they could, they missed a few things, few things slipped through the cracks, but all of the tryptamines and most of them, the psilocybin, LSD, all that stuff was made completely illegal by people really didn't even know what it was. And a lot of that is why we based our ideas of what's good or bad for you. It's based on what is legal and what people have done with on

this area, I will admit not only complete experiential ignorance, but complete evidentiary ignorance. So I haven't examined the evidence, I really don't have strong opinions on any of this. I think it's

one of the bridges that we all could use between conservative thought and liberal thought, particularly for people that are dying. It's one of the things that Johns Hopkins found, and there's been other studies done, and there's been therapy done on people that are dying of terminal diseases, and they give them psilocybin and when they give them these mushroom trips, they have these beautiful experiences where they completely accept death and it's almost a universal reaction to it. That like the the amount of people who still experience a positive benefit months and months after the experience while they're dying, that they say this was an incredibly moving and powerful moment in my life that allowed me to accept the fact that my time here is done.

I mean, listen, if that's something that works for people, and that's what it's designed to do, then

I don't know it's it's designed well even by God I literally might, that's

fine. I mean, I think there's also the generalized religious counter argument that there are no shortcuts to no shortcuts to happiness. So let's let's pose. I don't think Well, that's the question, right? I mean, like, let's say that, I could guarantee you that tomorrow, you're going to be a happier person, all you have to do is take this regimen of, of drugs that you're going to take every day. And it's going to make you a happier person, a more well rounded person, but it's going to permanently change your brain chemistry. Is that something that you think is good? Or is it something you think is bad? Because from a religious perspective, there is an argument to be made that these are this is work you need to do on yourself without outside aid, if possible. If there's cases where you can't, then you can't but yeah,

you know, turn to an interesting thought experiment, Terence McKenna had a line about that. He said that there was a joke about there was a monk and he met Buddha, because Buddha came to town and he said Buddha, he wanted to impress him. He said, I practice the city of levitation. And I've done this for 10 years. And now I can walk on water. And the Buddha says, but the fairies only a nickel. What do you fucking waste of your time? Like you can aid the progression rapidly with psychedelic drugs? And this is something that, you know, do you know about maps, and their work with MDMA, and soldiers that have had PTSD? Not so much? No, it's, it's phenomenal. By giving these soldiers MDMA therapy, meaning they give them MDMA, which is essentially what people think of as ecstasy the streets. They give them pure MDMA, and then they assist them with, they actually have a psychologist, sit with them, a therapist, and they go over all these details of these traumatic events, and they come to peace with everything. And they've had profound benefits for soldiers and for we, some combat journalists, different people that have been over there and have experienced the horrors of war and just general PTSD, maybe for people who've experienced violence attacks, that is shown to be one of the very best things we've ever discovered for helping people get past it.

So here's to me, and I'm thinking about this on the fly, because this is stuff I don't think about very much. But it's, it's there's a complex moral equation, to the extent that if you're talking about somebody who has PTSD, somebody has a condition and the only way to help that condition is to use these drugs. I've never had a problem with any of that stuff, right? I mean, I've my grandfather was was schizophrenic, and by maybe bipolar, maybe schizophrenic, the diagnosis not exactly clear, they prescribed him, lithium made him a lot better. Would he have been better off struggling with schizophrenia, of course, not much better than he should have been lithium and then be able to live in his rational mind. So when there's a problem using drugs to get past it and work with it is a good thing. You do run the risk of the sort of brave new world situation where you have a group of people who have a certain level of ersatz happiness that is not driven by a point of view, but more by just the the chemicals in their their body. chemicals affect your point of view that that is 100% true. Yeah. But are you Yuval Harare talks about maybe this is the future, right? He talks about the idea that maybe the future is we just drug ourselves until we're happy. Basically, we're more that happiness is the drugs. Because if you're a scientific materialist, that's what it is. Happiness is just a bunch of chemicals flowing throughout your body. So if you can bring them in, without self change, but I do wonder whether that robs people of a certain level of purpose that the struggle is part of being human. I

think we're changing what it is to be human just by carrying around phones. And just I

mean, that's, that's true. But I think that that's, again, one of the things that I think makes being a human worthwhile is the idea that you are struggling, like I think I think the struggle is actually meaningful. And I think that's why religions tend to set prophylactic rules, sometimes for good and sometimes for ILL. So for example, I, I'm addicted to my phone. I mean, there's just no question, right? It's in my hand all the time. And but from Friday night to Saturday night, it's off, I can't look at it, and forbidden from looking at it. And this breaks the cycle, at least for one day a week. And that's a good thing that makes me better as a human being has a limit I set for myself, and then a limit that I abide by. And if you believe in self mastery, where's the happy medium between self mastery? And I need a little bit of a and I think that there is a happy medium there. But I'm not sure that that your drugs are the answer to I don't think you're suggesting drugs. No,

I'm not suggesting that. And there's also a problem with the word drugs, that the everything is under that blanket. And that blanket can be entirely negative or extremely positive. But that's there's a problem. I use it to mean, not accusing you, but that that term, it's a problem. It's a problem term, because what these are are substances that are psychoactive and some of them can be extremely beneficial. And some of them have short term experiences that last with long term results. And I don't think that there's enough knowledge that I don't think the people that are negative against it. Have have experienced enough of it, or have looked at it in an objective rational way. Because I think it's something that could be here to aid perspective, to give people a chance to think outside of their normal, conditioned way of thinking that might have been established by their community or by their church or by their neighborhood, whatever it is, sometimes, a little bit of a break a little bit of a mental break from what you're experiencing, in the vibration that you exist on almost every day, to separate from that. And to get a look at it from the outside. Sometimes it allows you to have a renewed perspective that can enhance your life greatly,

as long as when people reengage the reengaging level of just the right thing,

and this is what we share. You and I have both discipline people. And it's one of the things I really respect about you. You're a very hard worker, you're always on the ball, you're very disciplined. And I know that a lot of conservative people admire that. And they admire that and folks, and they think that people who are liberal are not disciplined. They think that they're lazy. It falls into this like weak, beta, male sort of category of people that are progressive and liberal. And I think that's, I think that's a misunderstanding. I think you guys, you and I both agree that the struggle is very important. But I struggle physically, so that I don't have to struggle mentally. I struggle physically, so that I can have a better way of looking at things with less stress. So we have this shared belief that things should be a struggle, my struggle, I force my struggle on myself, so that I can have a better perspective. And this is something that you and I differ on like I think you exercise, right? Yes.

How often you do I tried to every day? Yeah. Makes a big deal. Yeah, it's it's a huge deal. Yeah, I

mean, I think we we both understand that struggle is a it's an important part of understanding yourself. If you do not push yourself if you do not struggle, you're not going to really get who you are, what your boundaries are. And if you're self indulgent, if every day you're stuffing things in your face that you want to, like it's good to have a rule like hay for this next month. You can't eat this, or you can't do that, or I want you to start fasting 16 hours a day. Is it that hard, just eat for eight hours a day and fast for 16. But not but that just doing something like that and setting these guidelines for yourself and putting yourself into a disciplined state can be extremely beneficial. Like Jocko willing. Coy says discipline equals freedom is a great formula. And it's real

well, it's again, it is the basis of a lot of religion. I mean, a lot of religion is very practice based. It's one of the reasons I like Judaism as opposed to other religions, they vary practice based religion. You know, sometimes you can take that too far in one direction, which is I say, you need to balance reason with with dictates that are that are meant to make you better. But that goes all the way back to Aristotle. I mean, Aristotle talks about how you have to practice to be good, right? You have to practice to be virtuous. What makes you a virtuous person is acting repeatedly, in accordance with with right reason. And that is setting rules for yourself. Right? That is not violating every rule. I think when we talk about on the conservative side, folks on the left being lazy, I don't mean that in terms of work. I mean, Mark Zuckerberg is a hard worker, I assume. And Jack Dorsey when he's not getting bitten by by mosquitoes seems like a hard worker. But you know, most most of the people, most people have jobs are hard workers. I don't think it's about that. I think it's it's it's a certain perspective on the necessity of rules. And the mindset that if I don't know what a rule is, for, I'm going to remove it. So GK Chesterton has this this very famous kind of contrast that he draws between people who tend to be right wing politically, and people who tend to be left wing politically, he says, people who tend to be left wing politically, you're walking through a walking through the woods, and you come across a fence, you don't know why the fence is there. And you say, I don't know why this fence is here. I'm removing it. And the person who's right wing, walks through the forest and sees the fence and says, I have no idea why the fence is here, I'm gonna go find out why the fence is here, and then maybe I'll remove it. And that's the kind of Burkean conservative attitude toward rules. The the attitude that this rule was put here for a reason, maybe the rule sucks, maybe the rule has to go. But let's try and figure out what was at the root of the rule before we just wipe out all the fences, and then try to rebuild from the ground up all these new fences. And that's especially true in a civilization that's the most prosperous and free civilization ever created. I mean, if the system really sucked, that'd be one thing, but I think people are kind of ungrateful about the fact that we live in the best possible time in the best possible place. And then that's just that's the reality. And everybody who's so negative about living in America, it's like, okay, in 19 101, in 10, American children died in the first year of life. In 1850, the average life expectancy in Europe was under 40. So what are you talking about? What are you talking about, like our biggest problems today, really, for the vast majority of people is that we are too fat, or that we are we don't have a job, but we still have somebody who's basically making sure we have food like Starvation is not a serious problem in the United States. There's a problem of poverty, but there's not a problem of widespread starvation. In fact, poverty tends to align with obesity. This state pretty unbelievably great society. So maybe you ought to look back at the roots of that society before we start willy nilly tearing up all of the all of the moral boundaries.

I think you and I agree that this is the greatest time ever to be alive. I think what these other folks are saying is that we can do better. And I think we all agree with that. But sure, but to classify this time as being a terrible time is, I think, wholly inaccurate, by

the way, I hit it right and left, right. And this is one of the reasons it's one of the reasons why I think there's a certain point where the Trumpian populist right meets the Bernie Sanders populist left and that is them walking around saying how much things suck, and it's like, no, no, that's just that's just wrong. So

it's pretty amazing time. It's amazing time for communication to it's amazing time for people to kind of understand other people's perspectives and points of view, which is one of the reasons why deep platforming and and silencing of conservatives, even though I'm not conservative, bothers the shit out of me. Yeah, I just think it's a, it's a non harmonious action in a time that I think could lead to people having much more open and much more balanced communication. I

mean, this should be the time when we are having more conversations and more fun with each other. And where we are feeling more entrepreneurial, we have a better social safety net than ever. So one of the statistics that really bothers me is that the level of American mobility has declined rapidly in the United States. So the number of people who are leaving their home state to go somewhere else to work a job, for example, is that decades low. Why it's easier to get anywhere. Now, there's 7 million unfilled jobs. I keep hearing from, you know, folks who I, you know, personally like people like Tucker Carlson, that, you know, you grew up in a small town and the town is dying, the industry left. Well, you have the government somehow owes it to you, that you get to grow up in this town, and stay in that town, even if all the industry left. And I just think to myself, by whom, who gave you this guarantee that you get to stay there. And I know, listen, I'm, I'm a lucky guy. I grew up in a two parent household, we grew up wealthy, but we were middle middle class, like I grew up in a small house in Burbank with two bedrooms, and I had three sisters, it was me and my three sisters in one bedroom, and one bathroom for six people. That's not poor. That's middle class. It's a great life. And I understand some people don't have that life. But one thing that is guaranteed to you is the opportunity for adventure in this country. So go and move. Like why are we inculcating a feeling of victimhood in a society where if you make the right decisions you will do? Well, I mean, not you might do well, if you make basic, basic right choices, you will finish better than you started in American society. I mean, we're talking like the most basic choices like finish high school, and don't have a baby out of wedlock and get a job like you do those three things. And the Brookings Institute says that you will not be in permanent poverty in the United States. Like, that's amazing. That was not true for the vast majority of human history. For the vast majority of human history. You did all of those things there was in high school, but you did all the other things. And then you live like a serf on a farm until you died at age 37 of dairy or something. So it's just the lack of optimism in a society where it should be running rampant is kind of astonishing to me.

Well, it's perspective, right? I mean, rich kids grow up with this perspective of constantly being rich, and people grew up with this perspective of how they view the United States as this negative thing or that they don't know how to change their life. They don't know how to take action, because they haven't had anyone around them that it's done it and that's part of the problem with small town mentalities is that you kind of inherit the vibe of the people that around you. And if they're ignorant, or if they're, they're shallow minded, or if they're, they're stuck in this one town, and they're never going to leave, and you get caught in that vibe. You can one day wake up, and you're 32. And you've never done anything.

I mean, this is what events talks about in Hillbilly Elegy, right? People who are in these small towns, and they basically been told that they have two choices, they can go on welfare, or they can leave Yeah. And it's like, okay, fine, I'll go on welfare. You know, everybody around me is why why not? There's nothing morally deficient about going on on welfare. It's actually one of the the bigger problems I have with the welfare state generally, is that it just connects the person receiving the aid from the person giving the aid. One of them like in our religious community to take an example, there. There's a time a few years back where a guy came to me, I bought some art from him. He's an artist, and really does good work. He came to me and he said, My family doesn't have enough money to make the rent this month. Can you offer me in advance on art that you'll buy somewhere down the road? And of course, make sure so I sent him a track. And he understood that five years later, he came back to me and he said, you know, you still haven't bought that piece of art. I owe you a piece of art, because he knew who gave him the money. Right? Right. And so he was willing to understand that that was an act of charity. And he wanted to make sure that that that was paid back. You see this in Cinderella Man, right with Russell Crowe. That moment where he makes money, he walks back into the welfare office and he rolls out a wad. Yeah, like that. That feeling that the government is interested giant cash machine that exists, you pay your money, but that that money actually comes from somewhere, either it's coming from the future because we're gonna have to pay back the debt or it's coming from somebody's tax money, and that we all owe something to each other. And by the same token, the what I owe to my neighbors is that if they're in trouble, then it is my obligation as a good person to try and help them out on a personal level. Yeah. right and the charity in religious communities is extremely high. That's that's the social fabric that I'm talking about. Yeah, without without that sort of dutiful sense to one another, you can't have rights. Because if you just have right then and no duties, then there will be no one to take care of each other. It's why, while I'm libertarian when it comes to government, I'm very conservative when it comes to the need to build a social fabric and communities and, and have people with working families and communities of working families. Yeah, I

really think that that's one of the best things that comes out of religion is when you have a tight knit community like yours. And you do have that sense of charity, where you really are a community of people that care for each other and look out for each other. The problem is, of course, doing that large scale. And then the problem is doing it in some sort of a non denominational way where people don't have to have the exact same beliefs, but they still share these core values of community and taking care of each other. And that's what people really benefit from when they've done studies with people when they show happiness. And what is happiness correlated with, it's almost always correlated with friends and loved ones and family, right? It's the most important thing can have.

And when it comes to diversity, you know, there's this slogan that diversity is our strength. Well, there's Robert Putnam is a sociologist over at Harvard, he wrote an entire book about the social fabric called Bowling Alone, he was kind of the pioneer in the idea of social capital. And what he said is that he went in with it to writing this book with the idea that diversity is our strength. And then he did some research. And what he found is that ethnic diversity only correlates with two things. These are his words, increase TV watching, and increased protest marches. That's all it unless, unless it is within the boundaries of a common goal. So if you walk into a church, very diverse, ethnically, everybody's got the same general goal, which is we're worshipping God in one particular way. And we believe in a certain core set of values. And now diversity, great your experiences come to bear, you're all aiming in the same direction, he gives the example of the Army, you see bunch of people who go in diverse group of people, diverse races, different backgrounds. And when you talk to those guys, while they're serving, or after they leave, they don't give a crap about the diverse backgrounds of the people they were serving with, they're all aiming their guns in the same direction. Well, in the United States, we have to be aiming our guns in the same direction, or we can't really have a functioning social fabric at all. And I'm perfectly willing to give charity to people who I don't know, who still believe, like I do that America is a fantastic country rooted in immutably good principles. But that starts to break down when I'm being asked to give charity just on a personal level, to somebody who believes that America is fundamentally evil, and needs to be torn out at its roots and replaced with something better, right? Because now we're not aiming in the same direction. So on a human level, I care about you, but on a bet on a social level, if I have a choice between somebody who basically agrees with me about fundamental values, and somebody who is diametrically opposed, I'm gonna give my money to the person who basically agrees with me on those fundamental values. And again, I don't think those fundamental values have to be religious, I don't think you have to be a god believer to receive charity from me, or I don't think I should have to be an atheist receive charity from you. But I do think that you do have to take into consideration a few things. And now we're on the same page, personal responsibility, the idea that you do live in a free country, just historically, and relatively speaking, this is a free country, which means decision making is on you. So man up a little bit, that that the decisions that you make, we should all have sympathy for people who have had worse lives and worse experiences. But in the end, if you're capable, if you're not fundamentally disabled in some way, that you need to make a plan for your own life, and then you need to do that. Like, are you more willing to give charity to somebody who has a plan for how to get themselves out of the hole? Of course, of course, yeah, that but that relies on that person feeling an obligation to do that.

But I also think that what you're talking about with, with charity within the community is so much more, there's so much more connection than charity from the government when you're talking about welfare. The problem is that there's this dissolving of responsibility, because it's just a check that comes in that you feel like, well, this is a rich country. I'm owed this anyway. Right. Then, you know, when I was a kid, we were on welfare, and we used food stamps. And I remember being very ashamed of it, and feeling really weird that we were that poor, that we needed help from the government. But my parents worked their way out of it. They were young, they had a kid.

My guess is, my guess is that the the social stigma probably has something to do with that, meaning that I'm sure they didn't want to be on welfare and they don't want to be on food stamps. Contrast your story with Adam Carolla is right, Adam talks all the time about how his parents were also on food stamps and welfare, and they just didn't give a shit. They were just and he always resented that he thought that was bad. Yeah. He said, like, you could work, why aren't you? And that gave him the impetus to get up and do what Adam has done. So you know, that, that kind of it's not pick yourself up by the bootstraps, because helping hands are good. But it is. If I if I were capable of picking myself up by my bootstraps, would I do so? Yeah. And if the answer is yes, then we're all on the same team. Well, there's

a real problem too, and that some people just get horrible hand dealt to at birth there with parents that really are doing a terrible job raising them. They're fucking them up every step of the way. A year round a bunch of people that are criminals, everybody's fucking up. There's no examples of anybody that's doing well. I mean, it's one of the unique things about the internet today is that a kid that's in that environment can get a hold of maybe something that you've said or something that, you know, someone else has said and start reading books and start taking in information that gives them a different perspective and fuel that perspective with more motivational stuff and more information in education. And sometimes kids, just like you were saying with Adam Carolla, they grew up with these parents that are just not ambitious, but also they become very ambitious, and they work very hard to not be like them. I mean, sometimes it's good to see that example. But most of the time, it's, it's just fucking hard for them to reprogram their head. Well,

for sure, it's hard to do that. And it's also hard. I really think that there's there's a lot of focus in the country right now on raising awareness, which is fine, you know, raise it raising awareness of our history and all the bad things that we've done. Yeah. Good. I mean, people people should know about all the good things and all the bad things, right. It's its history, its history. But this this incessant focus on the idea that people's lives are getting better by suggesting that they're perennial victims in the United States, I just don't, I don't understand how that's a good thing. Yeah. Like, as, as a historically, a member of a historically persecuted group, if I had grown up, and my parents had said to me, no matter what you do, you will be put under the thumb of the dominant society. That's a pretty horrible message to tell to a kid. And I think that's true for politicians, again, on both sides of the aisle, I think he got it from from President Trump, when it comes to some rural areas where it's like, well, it's the Mexicans and the Chinese coming in to steal your jobs, and you're under the thumb of people who are trying to destroy you. And on the other side of the aisle, people who say, Well, you're in the inner city, and therefore the cops are racist against you and want to destroy you, and everybody's out to get you. And it's like, Well, how about this, how about like, again, the single best thing you can do for yourself is make basic decisions that are entirely within your control. Unless you are unless you are raped, God forbid, single motherhood is a choice that you get to make about your life. This is a choice you get to make about your life finishing high school, unless you are legitimately disabled in some way. I mean, especially in LAUSD, where you basically have to be able to read a third grade level to finish high school, you know, just just like these are, these are decisions, personal decision making, if you want, I've never seen somebody's life get better, by complaining about reality. I've seen a lot of people's lives get better by acknowledging that reality is what it is, and then making personal decisions to make their lives better. And that's considered non compassionate. But it seems to me that the essence of compassion, sometimes is saying, at least make the baseline. If you make the baseline decisions, and then you fail, we can talk about what happened. I

don't think it's non compassionate. I think it's pragmatic. And I think you're right. But I also think that there's some people that are there in situations that require something external to assist them, their, their, the way their life has been set up. And this is what I think when people think about compassion, and people pulling themselves up by their bootstraps, if you have a real if you really have an honest and accurate assessment of extreme poverty and terrible neighborhoods, it's not as simple as do something good to better your life. Part of it is you got to fucking stay alive. Right? If you're surrounded by people who either have committed crimes or will commit crimes, you mean, one out of every four people you run into might be a criminal, in the worst neighborhood in the country.

For sure, and but I think we have to this is where we recognize what government is good at government is good at two things, cutting the other people cutting checks from other people's money, they're great at it. And they'll see they're right on top of his parking tickets, by the way to make sure that they get in there. They're amazing edits of seizing your money and paying money. They're very good at and, and pointing a gun at people, right? These are the two things that government was built to do was was collect taxes and pay out money, and then point guns at people, right? This is what government does. So which of those two things would you apply in a situation where there's just a complete lack of social capital? Because cutting a check isn't going to do it alone? Where does that check, go to the parents who are not doing not able to protect their kids? It's one thing if you're enabling the parents to move out of that community or something, right. But that's why I say you have to attach, if you're going to do the government welfare thing, you got to attach it to a plan. It can't just be here's a check. Enjoy your life. Because

what is the plan? I don't think most terrible communities you live in an apartment complex. So

I mean, here's the reality. I think that the plan very often when it comes to a crime ridden area, is the other side of what the government does, which is you need more cops in that area. I think that the great lie that these communities that are crime ridden, I'm talking about white Appalachia, and I'm talking about yes, a black inner cities, these these communities do not need fewer cops, they need more cops, because the precondition to investment in those communities and increased tax dollars in those communities and increased social capital in those communities is people not getting shot every five seconds. Yeah, I mean, that's that's the worst thing that can happen to law abiding minorities is for the cops to abandon areas where crime is high. It just doesn't make any sense. And that's not just me saying Jane Levy's Reporter The LA Times very much on the left has said the same thing law abiding people will like crime rates to go down like conditions have to change in a community for conditions to change in the community.

Did you ever see the Wild West? The whites wild and wonderful whites of West Virginia? No, it was a it was a Johnny Knoxville, did he produce that documentary? I think he did, right? Dude, it's about this family that lives in West Virginia, that is just a bunch of psychotic criminals, these crazy white people, the kids drinking Mountain Dew, and doing backflips on the bed and they're all on pills. It's bananas. And it gives you this insight like if you are in this community, if you are in this family, and this is obviously very extreme family, but there's many more of them out there that have not been documented. If you are in that community. Good. fucking luck getting out. Right? Good luck, the money that you get other than welfares from selling pills, you know, everybody's on these pills. So you're all whacked out, you don't know what the fuck is going on half the day you're on opiates. I mean, it is a bananas environment. And there's a lot of people like that in this country for sure in in poor Latino communities and poor white communities and poor black communities. The idea that these people are just going to pull themselves up by their bootstraps is crazy. I just think they don't have a plan. And I think if we really want to help them, that there's got to be some way where you can give these people the opportunity to step out of that pattern. Whatever their shirt, community centers, outreach programs, whatever it is, I don't know what to do.

I mean, the truth is, the truth is that historically speaking, it was people actually going to church. Yeah, I mean, and they're made, there's a good lot of good.

Church going person, right, absolutely recognize that there's a lot of good involved and having that framework, right.

And that I'm not sure that that's, I don't think you can create sort of a fake social fabric with just a government welfare system. Like it just it hasn't worked. I mean, disability exists, or it's been increasing every year. It's not this question I asked Andrew Yang, actually, so our episode comes out on Sunday. And obviously, Andrew is a big fan of UBI, universal basic income. And I'm not averse to the idea of UBI. In a future where legitimately 50% of the population can't work, because they've all been automated out of existence and all of this. But there's one section in his book where Andrew talks about how if we cut people a check for UBI, then they will spend their extra time creating art, and engaging in hobbies that they like. And I just thought to myself, I mean, I said it to him, like people are on disability, I don't what they're doing, right. And if you're on disability, the people you're talking about who are suffering, they're not out there writing poetry, or I mean, the rise of the opioid epidemic, and people who are od being on drugs and all this stuff. That's in precisely the same demographic you're talking about. You're just talking about a check from one place as opposed to another place. I don't I don't really see how that solves the problem. I think we have a crisis of purpose. Yes, right now, and I don't think that that crisis of purpose is solvable, on the one hand by changing our trade rules, and I also don't think that that crisis of purpose is solvable by cutting a government check. I just don't think that that's how people are wired.

I absolutely agree with you that there is a crisis of purpose. My concern is about automation. And my concern, and obviously, I haven't really studied this other than talking to Andrew Yang. And talking to Elon Musk and a few other people that are proponents of universal basic income, they think that there's going to be such a massive loss of jobs in such a short period of time, from people that are non skilled laborers, and it's going to go away, there's millions and millions of jobs, and these people are not going to have anything and that it could be chaos.

Right? So there's there's two problems that come up there. And this is where Andrews book is interesting, because problem number one is that the people will be poor, they won't have a source of income. Ubi solves that.

The other pro murderer, but doesn't even that gives them $1,000 A month, if you did, right.

I mean, even even if you just had a Swedish redistribution system, and the average tax rate went up to 60% or something, it might, let's say we could solve the money problem for a second, which, you know, without tanking the economy, which is questionable, but let's say we could do that we could add trillions of dollars to the budget every year. And we could tell that I'm still not sure that that solves the deeper problem, which is that when people lose jobs, they lose purpose. Yeah, right. So I'm not sure that UBI solves that problem. Does that say we have we have a rich social welfare network in the United States, and we're seeing this stuff happen? Anyway, you know, I'm a little bit I'm a little bit less catastrophic. By a little bit, I mean, a fair bit less catastrophic in my thinking about automation than then either Andrew Yang or Elon Musk think that

people will be able to adapt quick enough to avoid the problems, they'll realize that jobs aren't there anymore, and they'll just naturally gravitate towards other professions.

I think over time that people will do that, but they're not always the same people where there's always shift in the economy and the ideal economic model has a trucker becoming a coder right? But that's that's not really that was

the whole learn to code fiasco. People kicked off of Twitter, right

it still Yeah, apparently if you say to journalists, then that's that's very bad. If you go to a truck. Yeah, that's what it was. Learn to code to a trucker. If you say learn to code with trucker, then that's just you being helpful, right? If you say learn to code to a journalist, then that is targeted harassment on Twitter. That's when someone says to me, well, Twitter doesn't care about you. I can say whatever. But it's but yeah, I mean, I

think that but if you just say to a friend Hey fuckface learn to code that

I don't know is to report you to the sensor showered over it but

it's such a dumb thing to take people out for it's one of the best examples of like how censorship still overstepped its boundaries and becomes almost like satire. Yeah, it's real it's really really desert like this is the biggest digression ever learn to code learn to code like if that's something like this is a stupid thing that someone said about coal miners they really said that about coal miners that maybe they can learn to code and so everybody there was fun So learn to code became a joke and became something that you would mark people right there is their explanation for it was so crazy it was like no then learn to code got connected with white supremacist

that's that's that's the Hitler on the dogs. Like dogs are bad Hitler Odin one, okay, white supremacist are bad they use the phrase learn to code that means if you say learn to code your white supremacist like what?

You lost the frog, that fucking frog that feels good man frog. That's what happened to Pepe.

They killed the frog. They turn the frickin frog game in what Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, as far as automation, you know, there's constantly people saying this is the the Nicholas and the seem to leave view of reality, which is that the black swan incident can happen any any second. So watch out for it, versus the sort of Steven Pinker view of reality, which is, The Black Swan incident is called The Black Swan incident, because it's a black swan incident, meaning that it happens incredibly rarely, you know, the idea that we are on the verge of a catastrophic drop in job numbers, because of the automation of trucking, for example, I'm not sure that I buy it. The reason I don't buy it is because you still are gonna need someone sitting behind the wheel of that truck. There are human drivers on the road, it's gonna there will be a gradual transition away from some of these jobs, with the Andrew Yang talks about radiologists and how radiologists are going to be priced out of the market by computers that can do a better job of diagnosing tumors, first of all, awesome, right. I mean, that's, that's good. First of all, that brings down cost and you won't get cancer as advanced, that'd be, that'd be a good thing. But second of all, what what a lot of technology studies have tended to show is that technology just gets integrated in a different way in particular career. So there will be jobs that are eliminated for sure. There'll be jobs we haven't heard of that will be created also. And mostly technology will will become more of a productivity aid to people. So this is true in factories, jobs have been lost in factories, the best example of where jobs are lost, but it's mostly turned offices, right? How many office jobs have been created? Because you have computers? What's your office jobs exist? Because I write by hand,

do you think that this is akin to like a government bailout? Like the idea of the government bailout was like, the banks are too big to fail. And some people thought, You know what, you got to let them fail. So you figure out why they failed, and we'll never have it happen again. If there is this thing, and the government steps in and says, Wait a minute, I know you lost all your jobs, we're gonna give you $1,000 You have to figure it out. $1,000 a month, and some people go okay, I'm not gonna figure it out now. Whereas those people might have gone on a fear filled journey to try to figure out their purpose in life, because now they're stuck where their job doesn't exist anymore. So they put their honor,

I mean, they have to act there is there is innovation that comes from from a welfare check. I mean, there are people who become dependent on government than there used to be dependent on government that that stuff is true, it does happen. And listen, Milton Friedman made an argument for universal basic income as a replacement for the welfare system. There is another problem with universal basic income that I asked Andrew about also, and that was one of the one of the big issues is that poor people very often people who are permanently impoverished, not people who are temporarily poor, but they tend not to spend money where we think they ought to spend money, right? They're not taking that money, and they're not putting it into education, or into the hose and cigarettes, right? I mean, the average the average person who is making less than I think it was $16,000, you're spending $400 here on lottery tickets, right? And it's legitimately just flushing your money down the toilet. So it's so how do you aren't you just going to end up back in the same place, you know, in six months, where people took that money and used it in ways that actually didn't benefit them? And at a certain point, the question is, Are you do you own your decisions? Or do not own your decisions? And what level of incompetence or inability? Do we say you no longer own your decisions? And so we're just going to take care of you on a permanent basis. That's that's really the question here.

I think we're looking at when you're talking about welfare, we're looking at worst case scenario, right? Where someone does get dependent upon the welfare state, and does use that money frivolously and does make poor decisions. But then there's gotta be other people that are single moms that you know, maybe had a kid but some fucking asshole that doesn't want to pay and is a piece of shit. And they have to hide from them. And they're just trying to feed their kids. Yeah, for sure. Those people exist to have a community to to help them out. Maybe they're not a part of a church, and maybe they don't have a good group of neighbors. Maybe they had to move somewhere for work, and they got stuck in some place where they don't know anybody.

But I think part of this is to recognize that incentives matter on both ends. So the idea is that you give some people more money and they'll they'll do well While it's also true that if you create a welfare system that benefits single motherhood, you will get more single motherhood. I mean, the single motherhood rate in the black community before welfare was 20%. Now 70% in the white community was like 5% and that's 40% You've

said that like, out of wedlock children and having a kid when you're young is like, it's a terrible idea for your life. But what do you recommend to have kids avoid that? Are you one of those people that think

without that thing on it?

No condom since resigned Right?

Like don't don't have don't don't have unprotected sex. I mean, like this. This is not it's pardon my, my fake cursing. It's not effing rocket science. I mean, like, apologizing for not apologizing for not cursing? Yeah, it's, it's not rocket science. It's wonderful. Kids

make mistakes. And I mean, that's what happens. But,

and then if the government pays for those mistakes, it becomes less.

So what should what should happen? Should the kids suffer? So? Who

knows? I mean, presumption, it'd

be I mean, actually be worked out.

I mean, it depends on the situation. You know, if there are parents available to the kid, presumably the parents, the grandparents would take a pretty active role in the raising the kid also. There there. Well, how about this? How about we assume that if you are old enough to get pregnant, then you're old enough to let's let's talk about a 17 year old or 18 year old used to be shotgun marriages Worthing and and really like that's a good idea. I think the idea of parents staying together for the sake of a kid that they accidentally born is absolutely a good idea. Yes. I think that I think that is a better idea than the man walking away and the kid being without a man in the house. So

you're saying that a lot of people figure a way to work it out? Yes. And if they're both reasonable, they could do that.

Yeah. And I think that that, by the way, a huge percentage of American births in the 40s and 50s. Were exactly this are a lot of seven month babies in the 40s and 50s. Yeah, like something like 30 to 40% of all kids born in the 30s and 40s and 50s. Were seven month babies, where somebody got knocked up. The expectation was nagging. Like you did that you did the crime at the time, right if

you did this drug puts people in relationship prison, good. Then

don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't don't find somebody find find somebody have a secretary you find somebody to have sex with who you actually think is worthy of a relationship. Right now we're online pornography is available to you like figure it out. You're okay with that? On a moral level? Yeah. No, but if I'm going to if I'm going to compare that to having a baby out of wedlock, and yeah,

this is what I think about pornography. They could stop now. And we're good forever. But yeah.

There's no There's no supply and demand problem in your life it

like you're like making it. You guys are a bunch of freaks. I mean, there's no, it's like a business. It's almost like you have access houses that stack up to the moon. Like, there's no way everyone's gonna live in all those houses. Why do you keep making house? There's no way one person has ever jerked off to every video that ever existed. It doesn't it's not possible. And it's also like other forms of media where they just stack up. I never really thought of that until

I get the backlog of internet pornography or like, a month behind now. Just think about

music, right? There's all the music that existed before in the 50s, and the 60s and the 70s and the 80s. And there's new shit every goddamn day. It never ends. It's just overwhelming library of stuff that we have to it

would be good if that music changed from time to time, the same song recorded seven different ways.

You know it? What should you listen to?

What do you think I listened to today? Listen to classic jazz and classical. Of course, yes,

we just so interesting.

I was I was a concert level violinist until I was until I was like, 17. Do

you still practice? Yeah,

I mean, that the only expensive object that I own other than my house is a violin. Oh, really? Yeah.

Is it a Stradivarius?

It is not it is it is a up? It's not? That's all I know. Yeah. That's yeah, the two that people may know or strat and like a coronary. But those those ones are like hundreds of $1,000. This isn't a 10s of 1000s of dollars. Stratovarius is hundreds of 1000s. of guy who we knew my family to hit a million dollar Stratovarius. Now it was so big about it was the big deal. Well, I mean, aside from the historic value of the thing, they're not making any more of them. It does play very differently, very differently. Like I had a crappy violin for most of my like, really, until the last two years, I had a violin that was handed down to my grandfather that was worth maybe 1300 bucks. And it was a piece of crap. I mean, it was not a good violin. If you're good enough, then you can tell the difference between a really great violin to play, and one that is a piece of garbage. And I was good enough to do that. So that's yeah, I mean, I was I was a classical guy. I played. I played violin for years and my dad was a grown up. My dad was a pianist, looking at

what Jamie just pulled up. The most expensive violin in the world sold for an estimated $16 million

for a Stradivarius, they never lose value. I mean, really, they don't. This is this is a good investment. The person I know a guy who was offered a he was offered a Strad. I think it was two $150,000 Maybe 10 years ago, and he's like, No, that is worth like $3 million? No,

what is the deal? Like? What if you had to explain what's the difference between the sound that this makes so

I mean, it has to do with the acoustics of the instrument and the wood quality. There's there's slight variations in the construction of the instrument is certain parts of it are thicker or thinner. And it is also it's easier to play a better violin. So it almost covers for your mistakes. When you play a bad violin. It tends to scratch and screech more. It's why when you get in the upper register with the violin, you had very high notes that can either be very scratchy or can be very beautiful. Some of that a lot of most of that's the player, some of that's the violin like Yasha Heifetz. He's widely considered the greatest violinist to ever live. He had a Strad.

Lady blunt Stradivarius cost $15.9 million,

buy these and then they lend them out on loan to you know, world's great violinist, so, but there's a button. In the end, it really is the quality of the player. There's a famous Yasha Heifetz story where he was playing at Carnegie Hall, and some lady came up to him afterward and she said, you know your violin and just it sounds so beautiful. And he picks up the violin puts it to his ear, and he says, Tony, I don't hear right now.

So do you listen to any other kind of music? Yeah, I

mean, I like I like some classic rock.

Do ya Mincy rock now? Yeah.

I went to a Doobie Brothers concert with my parents. No, you did. Yeah. Really? Yeah.

That's a band that was made named after a joint.

That is true. That's accurate. I know.

Did you feel like oh, like a senator. I was I was a rebel that day has really

gone to the Doobie Brothers concert with the other boomers.

So the other thing is same sex marriage. So the other thing that I think that we disagree with? Well, I we agree with the marriage thing. Right. Government should be involved. I think where people should be protected is through assets. And, you know, the contract? Yes. Yeah. I think that that all makes sense to me, that all that stuff, in terms of like alimony and child support, and all those things make sense to me. And that then the idea that the community reinforces it, which would then become the government reinforce and all that stuff that all makes sense to me, I understand it. But why do you care if two gay guys want to get married?

So from a religious point of view? Sure, let's

go from religious so.

So I mean, why would a secular point of view first so the the idea is not that I care deeply whether two gay guys want to get married to each other? The idea is that, do I prefer traditional marriage to say to same sex marriage to it? Well, let

me let me phrase it this way. What do you think a gay guy is? Do you think someone's they're making a choice? Or do you think that this is how they were born? So

the religious point of view on this, and I think this is actually just a general conservative point of view, and human action generally, is, I don't know, meaning that for the vast majority of people, I would assume that they have a biological drive to engage in that behavior. But the traditional sort of will point of view is that biological drive does not necessarily match up to the activity you want to engage in, right men, for example, have a biological drive to impregnate many women. That's not something religion is cool with, either. Right? So the the idea is that religion

is cool with a man being with one woman and impregnating her, but you're not cool with a man being with a man. So

I can give you the religious explanation, I can give you the secular explanation. So they said, the religious explanation is that there is something different about a woman than there is about a man and a man is made better through his union with a woman. And that if you pervert the sex drive to pursue mere pleasure, instead of a lasting relationship upon which the basis of society is built, then you are foregoing the proper use of your sex drive, right?

Because if you wanted to step in and argue against that, you would say that just because someone can't get pregnant doesn't mean that they don't have a loving relationship that contributes to society.

That's true, but it is also foregoing the more productive relationship of being able to bear and her children and also and also recognizing that the sexes are not different, right, and recognizing also the sexes are not the same. So, you know, being with a man is, in a relationship different than being with a woman, I would assume. I mean, I assume that's why gay guys are gay, then I assume that they would be fine with being with a woman. Right? So that's so that relationship from a from a religious perspective, is more valuable, because women have different qualities than men, you round off each other's harsh edges, it changes you. I mean, you're married, being married changes a man in a different way that being married to a member of the same sex would,

right, but I don't want people to have to do it. But if you're not forcing anybody, right, but I want them to have the option if you're a gay person. And we say, No, I mean, of course,

because legally, we agree, right? Yeah. illegal. And I keep making this distinction. Because yes, whenever I talk about my moral perspective on things, then people immediately assume that I'm a theocratic fascist, or just want to keep underscoring, like my personal views on Dave Reubens marriage are of no consequence to public policy in any way whatsoever. Right.

But I agree with you on And I don't think it should be a part of public policy. And I think people should absolutely be allowed to marry and divorce and do whatever the fuck they want to do no matter who it is. But why do you care? Like, as a person who's a rational thinker, it's pretty clear that people are gay. And I don't really think that this is a decision they make in terms in terms of like, I'm gonna make a clear choice to defy God and be gay. I think they're just, well,

again, I think that's a confusion because everyone, it's a conflation of identity and drive with activity, which is something that religion fundamentally reject. Okay, right. So religion fundamentally rejects the idea that you are driven to do something, therefore it is your identity, therefore, you get to participate in the behavior. That's it, that's a chain of thinking that religious religion

if a man is gay, in your religion, yes, a man is gay, and they're in love with another man, they should just squash those thoughts and find a woman. Well,

ideally, they would be honest with the woman they married to. They're not like boasting, but I would want ideally, ideally, you would still get married and have children in heterosexual relationship. If you're not up to that, then you wouldn't get married at all, to

when you describe this to a gay man, they will tell you imagine Ben Shapiro, someone said to you, you should stop being with your beautiful wife, and you need to now marry a man, because this is what God wants you to do. So you're gonna have to stop this man. And he's going to stop you. And because this is how the rules are set up.

So far, this sounds pretty terrible shirt.

Right? Well, this is how it sounds to gay folks, when you're telling them they have to find a woman and like, I

like one. I'm not saying you have to find a woman. I'm saying this guy. Well, I'm saying you can't do X, right? I'm not saying we must

but can't but by whose determination if you decide to participate in

this religion, right? Then there is a buy in to the precepts of the religion and the buy in is to be gay? Well, no, the buy in is that you can have whatever sexual orientation you please but there's certain activity you can't participate

in. So you can be gay, but you can have gay sex. Correct.

That's that, by the way. That's what the Bible I mean, if you want to go direct to the textbook Bible, it's what the Bible actually says. Right? I mean, even the parts of the Bible that people really hate. Those parts say that a man shall not live with a man it doesn't say a man can't be attracted to another man. That's Old Testament, right? That's right. That's our stuff, right? New Testament, that it gets a little harsher in the New Testament, in some places, Romans, Korea, but in any case, you know, again, when it comes to this is what I'm puzzled by is the idea that this is a unique area of human behavior, that religion is supposed to treat differently, meaning religion treats. Virtually every human activity like this sin is a failure to abide by a covenant, right? That's what that's the definition of sin, right? When you commit a sin in Judaism and Avira in Judaism, what you're doing is failing to do a mitzvah, which is a commandment, you're violating a commandment? Well, there are lots of commandments that go directly against what people are driven to do. Just because the drive is stronger does not make it morally, more morally non culpable to violate that commandment. So when people pick this one out, and they say, Well, this one is particularly intolerant, for example, I don't see why it's more particularly intolerant than saying to a man that you have to marry one woman, or saying to a Jew, that you are not allowed to eat this stuff. Or, like, it's, it may be harder than I think there's any question, it's harder to abide by those commandments. But it is well within religious tradition, like literally every religious tradition, that there's a bunch of stuff you're driven to do that you can't now, again, you don't have to agree with my program, that I'm not trying to convert you. There's one of nice things about my religion, I don't give a crap whether people are Jewish or not, like, we we actively discourage converts. But if you're going to proclaim that you are, you know, abiding by traditional Judaism, this is the buy in, right there's lots of buy in you have to wear a funny hat. Sometimes you have to you have to go to show on Saturdays, you have to keep Shabbat like there's, there's a lot of buy in. And as long as I'm not bothering anybody else, I frankly don't see what business it is, legitimately anybody's what I think about personal relationships. I'm not imposing my view on anybody else. Well,

I do acknowledge that all the religions, Judaism probably makes it the most obvious they don't give a fuck what you do. Go ahead, do your thing. Like they're not trying to, you're doing your business, my uncle converted. And when he could very, it was a grind man, he had to learn a lot of shit

like three years with Ryan long. It's a long time. So that was the religious perspective and the secular perspective, when it comes to valuing traditional marriage over over same sex marriage. That's a very simple calculation, which is one type of marriage produces traditional children produces children in the traditional biological way. And then you have both parents in the house to take care of the kid. Right? That's the value of marriage. And I fully acknowledged that when the value of marriage shifted from it's about production and rearing of children to its to people who love each other, the case for same sex marriage against same sex marriage went completely out the window, right?

So you are just sticking to your rigid ideology in terms of like what you believe to be a sin and not believe to be a sin based on your religion based on this very strict moral fiber that this religion is operating in

a religious context. It applies to me it applies to my family, it doesn't apply to you, right

so any room for growth in that when people have a better understanding about biology, like if it was proven if there's proven like, Oh, this is why a person develops blue eyes. This is why a person is gay. This is why there's nothing wrong with it. It's just a very, it's red hair. It's freckles. It's gay. It straight

told me that homosexual orientation is 100% biologically driven. And I will almost completely agree with that. I think that there are some cases where it's not but those are rare, but it's particularly true. By the way, the research tends to show that there's more sexual fluidity among females than males males, it tends to be either heterosexual or homosexual research

is all done by dudes want their wife to hook up with chicks? Keep going.

Don't don't let me stop you. But let me just show you the paperwork. But But again, that it's a question that I've always found actually not particularly interesting simply because it doesn't take into account the worldview generally, which is that a biological drive does not equal excuse for behaving in a certain way. But

this that's where it brings me back to this like, is it possible that these laws in this religion were written when they're What do you think wrote the stuff? Do you think people wrote this stuff? Or do you think God wrote

I think either way, even if it were it, I mean, because I am a an Orthodox Jew, I believe that at the very least, it's God inspired and God written, right. But even if I believed on a second level that human beings wrote that stuff, do I think that people 3000 years ago had never seen a gay person before? Like, the very reason to have a commandment is because certain people in your community are behaving in a particular way, presumably, right. There's no commandment not to take your head and shove it into meat grinder. Well, this

is also the argument against pork, it's because they didn't understand trick and Gnosis then understand you have to cook the meat 245 degrees and pork parasites, which are very dangerous for people.

So I'm not a huge fan of naturalistic explanations for religion. Do I think that's a good one, though,

for pork?

I mean, I don't know. Like, I think you could make an argument maybe that

just died in India. And there was horrific X rays of his head. He had parasites from pork that had gotten into his body, and they had nested in his brain started developing all these cysts inside of his head. And they couldn't do anything about it, because it was so deep in his head that if they gave him the antiviral, antiparasitic medication, it would cause swelling of the brain. And they were like it was it was so sad feeling.

Tell the story. It's actually pig

shit. Apparently, people accidentally coming in contact with pig shit produces this particular type of parasite. Yeah, that's not kosher. It's more rare. But But trichinosis was pretty common. But again, the

their attempts to sort of pink back into the Bible, certain rationalistic explanations like this makes sense, though.

I think, why else would you would it be bad eat pigs? Like Jesus loves pigs? So what's going on?

Well, I think that the the reversal of the kosher laws in the New Testament, you know, from from a Jewish point of view, where we don't believe in the divinity of Christ. There you can make an argument that the the Gospels which were written he was a significant and significant No, no, we don't even believe he's a prophet. What do you think he was? What do you what do I think he was historically, I think he was a Jew who tried to lead a revolt against the Romans and got killed for his trouble, just like a lot of other Jews at that time, who were crucified for trying to lead revolt against the Roman a guy killed for their trouble.

So he became legend in story. And it became a bigger and bigger deal as time went

on a group of followers and then that gradually grew and then do you think there was? No, that's not that's not a Jewish belief? Okay. Just one shot. Yeah, no, or we're not into stories? No, that's not have any miracles? No, not not, not by Jesus. They're they're ones in the Old Testament. Yeah, you've gotten Moses splitting the sea and all that. What do you think happened there? What do I think happened there? Yeah. Well, I'll go with my mind at the end explanation that there was, I mean, it says in the Bible, there was a strong east wind. So there was a naturalistic explanation for a physical phenomenon. That makes sense. I mean, that's what my mind needs is constantly trying to do is read nature back into the Bible.

Yeah, that is the problem with these texts, right, is that you're trying to decipher translations from original texts, which are written in ancient Hebrew 1000s of years ago, and we're told an oral tradition for longer than that, right.

And this is this is where my my book, which I always hesitate to pitch my own stuff, because it sounds gauche pitch away. But the new book, The right side of history, number one New York Times bestselling nonfiction, but

when you got number one, the New York Times best selling really,

yeah, we sold enough that we knocked Michelle Obama out of the lab for a week. So is there protests? Well, no protests yet. But suffice to say the New York Times book reviewer didn't like it, but I'm not super shocked by that. But the basic contention that I make is that Judeo Christian values on the one hand, and then human reason on the other Greek reason, really, that that tradition is a tension and that that tension is where Western civilization lives that basically civilization is a suspension bridge. It takes certain fundamental precepts of Judeo Christian values on the one hand, and then takes Greek reason and they're pulling against each other, and sometimes reason feels like it's going to dominate religion. And sometimes it feels like religion is going to dominate reason. But in the best of all available worlds, you have a bridge that is that is capable of building upon that where you can actually have a functional civilization. And if you lose reason, in the name of theocracy, then you end up with a tyrannical theocracy. And if you lose, if you lose religion, in the name of reason, you end up in some pretty dark places, because human beings don't have a very good track record of creating their own purpose, creating their own meaning, creating their own systems, we tend to get very utopian very quickly, right, and things get really ugly, which is sort of the story of the particularly the first half of the 20th century.

So this is the benefit of sticking to the rigid ideology that's prescribed by religion is that you don't allow the human beings to keep updating it and changing it, because if you do, they will eventually slide into chaos.

Well, that yes, but there's there, which is not to say there's not playing the joints, right? Well, there's certainly religion has morphed over time of corporatism as it was practiced, originally, probably, in many ways does not resemble Judaism as practice now, right? In fact, the Talmud even says this, I mean, there's there's this kind of fascinating and counterintuitive section of the Talmud, where Moses is, it's what is called the God of Tao, which some of the stories that are just kind of put into the, into the middle of the Talmud, where Moses comes back, and he's watching from on high as a bunch of rabbis in second century Palestine, are talking about Judaism. And he's like, I don't recognize any of this stuff. Like I brought down these books from the mountain, and I do not recognize any of this stuff. And, and God says to him, you know, God says to him, right, I mean, this is how this is more often Moses is pleased. In other words, he's, he's not, Judaism has always had a common law tradition, where you're using reason to try and develop the ideas behind the commandments, and then try and extend them or broaden them. And I think that's a good thing. But you have to be careful not to completely undermine fundamental roots, or, or get rid of basic precepts. In other words, you have to you have to acknowledge there certain fundamental truths that exist there. And then there's play as far as how those are implemented. Does

Judaism have one of those? pray the gay away traditions?

No, that's not that's not a thing.

I mean, it's what do they want guys to do? Like what say, what would you do? If not,

not as not to sin, but again, sin is a sin is a thing that everybody does, meaning that masturbation is not is not okay. According to Judaism, I assume that a vast majority of young Jewish men, even the Orthodox are masturbating. So people sin. I mean, that's, that's a recognition. It's always again, I think I can speak on behalf of I will audaciously speak on behalf of both Jews and Christians here. I think that religious people are are told that when they say that something is a sin, this means that they are looking askance at the people who are committing the sin. And that is not correct. I mean, what Judaism and Christianity say is that we are all committing sins on a fairly regular basis. Where we get uptight is when people start saying, because I have a desire for the sin, the sin is no longer a sin. Hmm.

Yeah, the real problem is like, what why is it a sin? Like who says it's a sin? So again, again, this these rules you were assuming, are influenced by God. Right? But clearly written by people?

Well, the this one you would say if you're a fundamentalist, or at least somebody who believes in the the idea that the Torah was given by God was given literally by God. But again, that doesn't. The the logic behind the rules, which, you know, people like my monitors have tried to explicate. The idea is, as I said, a second, this you can do without God, right, this person without God, the human sex drive was made to procreate within a stable relationship, in order to pre generate and have future generations of people misuse of that sex drive in any way, whether you're talking about from masturbation to homosexual activity, is therefore a diminishment of the use of that drive. That's the natural law case against against homosexual activity. And again, I will reiterate for Media Matters for the 1 million time I'm not in favor of any of this being encoded into American law, because freedom is freedom. People should be able to send how they choose, so long as they're not harming anybody else. Right?

No, but what about people that have had vasectomies? And what about women that also Judaism

is not cool with? discectomy is not cool with it, and neither is Catholicism from what I understand. Right? Right. Yeah. Well,

I'm not a big fan of that one. That one I have more experience with. But so if What if a man is sterile and the woman sterile? Are they allowed to have sex? That's it both know? So

yes, because there are ancillary benefits to married couples having sex like relationship building, but that's not a generalized case, against the favored view of sex. Right fit that's it's sort of like arguing that intersex people mean that there's no such thing as two separate sexes. There are two separate sexes and also their intersex people who have a condition. Yeah, right. And that's the same thing here. The case in favor of heterosexual sexual activity does not change based on the fact that some people can't actually participate in that.

What would you do if a young gay guy came to you for advice? If someone said, Hey, I'm Ben, I'm an admirer of yours. I love the way you think and follow your philosophies. But I've got a problem. I'm young Jewish man, and I'm gay. And I don't know what to do. What would you tell them to do?

I mean, I can't tell them to do anything. Right? What What would you

advise? Would you tell? Would you want them to not act out on those feelings?

I would say you do the best you can as a human being. And from my moral perspective, you try to avoid sin as best you can. But everybody sends the

problem does that sin though, it seems to me that it was defined by people that didn't understand biology, because they were dealing with humans that existed 1000s of years ago? Again, I really have no understanding of why people were gay.

I mean, again, I really don't think that biblical commandments are linked and religious commandments generally are linked to a view of biology. Meaning that you don't think so? No, I think that all sin is a recognition that we have drives that we are supposed to forego. Okay. That's pretty much I mean, that's that's fundamental to certainly Judaism, it's to Christianity as well, I would say Islam even has has this basic precept,

right, when I think we can agree that there's some real benefits to discipline has real benefits to having structure. And it doesn't mean that you can't be creative, it doesn't mean that you can't be free and do whatever you want some of the time, too. But I think we can both agree that this is one of the one of the best benefits of an ideology, and what willfully a positive ideology. Right.

And one of the things that I the reason I keep coming back to the governmental regulation point is because my view is that if your view of discipline is not my view of discipline, good on you, right? Like, go go do what you want to do. Like I've never had a conversation with Dave Rubin about about him being a gay

guy. Right. But you did say that you weren't wouldn't go to his marriage, right? Well,

I said, Right. As a religious person, I can't say I can't actively participate in something that I consider to be a sin. But I would go out to dinner with Dave and his husband, anytime like my wife. And I would do that, of course, we'd have moved to our house with his husband, there's

no you don't find any contradiction between your religious perspective and your personal perspective in that regard that you would do, you wouldn't be there for religious reasons. But you would be there for personal reasons. Like if it wasn't, when would you go to the after party? Or if you wouldn't go to the wedding? Would you go to the after party?

Anything? That was a celebration of same sex marriage? No. Wow. So anything, but like if you go to the party? No. I mean, and that's it.

I mean, there's a barbecue the next day.

You know, it's, and again, like, I'm not sure why I'm not a good party person. So I'm not sure why anybody would want me at their party, frankly.

But I haven't been to a party with you. But I went to a dinner party with you. That's true. We had a great time. That was a good time. That's a funny picture. Man. That is wild. Don't know what the fuck to think about that picture.

It's certainly true.

Eric and Jordan, and

you and I, it's like what white supremacist in one place? Right? Yeah.

All the Yeah, that that is a disturbing one, when they'll just just lump you in with a bunch of fucking psychopaths just because it's convenient for them. And it's an easy way to diminish you that that that is a that is a thing that I see more from the left than from the right. And it's really disturbing. I always thought until this clickbait generation came along, I always thought that especially well, you know, the New York Times is obviously the higher standard, but that you would never see that kind of shit from progressive people, you would never see willful distortion of reality, to define their narrative in a really disingenuous way. And it happens so often now, people get called My favorite is alt right, adjacent.

I didn't know what that means. It doesn't

they don't know what it means is a new thing. It's a new thing. People are trying out to try it out. It might go. It's,

again, trying to lump everybody into one group for purposes of castigating their motives about this, you don't have to have an argument with somebody if you assume they're naughty. So I guess if you call everybody a Nazi, you don't have to have an argument. It is

goofy. But you know, I think when it comes to the the gay marriage thing, what people will really worry about is other people trying to stop people from doing what they want to do. You don't have that in you. That's not you. What you are doing is opposing it from your your religious beliefs, right?

Like if you want to join into my show, that show has religious beliefs, and that's their business, by the way. They're like, I can't join a church, I assume. I don't believe the things that people in the church believe you probably

could donate gotta give the right amount of money.

Well, I don't believe in the Jesus. So there's that there's a Jesus. Yeah. That's not my thing. Right. I mean, so that's, I wouldn't expect to walk into a mosque and expect them to change their their standards on religion. I find it really audacious when people actually expect other people to view the world the same way that they do and then expect that they're going to be catered to in that way. Like I wouldn't walk into I wouldn't walk into a gay owned bakery and expect them to bake A cake that has verses from Leviticus on it is

a weird story. You know, that bake a cake story because it gets bandied about those folks went to several Baker's until someone said, No, this is

correct. Yeah, they were looking for a court case. And yeah, honestly, like, that's not you being a civil rights hero that you being a jackass, seriously, like, go to the other bakery. What are these people do to you, they didn't have anything to do with you. They don't owe you their cake. And if you want to boycott them, boycott them, right? You want to get all your friends to say we're not going to go buy a cake from these discriminatory humans. Fine. It's a free market to have at it. But there's this notion that somebody owes you their services. That's that to me, it's not even a freedom of religion case. To me, that one's a freedom of association case.

Well, I think what the the goal is, is to shame a business into submission and also to put it out there in the public eye so that people understand that this is a discrimination that does happen with gay folks will they will go somewhere and someone won't make a cake for him. Right, you know, and so I think they wanted to highlight it. So if I was being very charitable, and I didn't think they're being attention, whores, I would say, maybe that's what they're doing. Maybe they're just trying to highlight this very real problem. That's fine.

But they actually like took it to the government. Once you start pointing government gun at people, I get real uptight. So again, it's a weird one. If you're if you're just to walk into Yeah, right. Exactly. Yeah, review it, right. Talk about how much you don't like them. Fine. You know, like, I may disagree with you, or I may agree with you, whatever. That's that's fine. But once you start going to the government, and having the government levy like $100,000 fines on family bakeries, because they because you couldn't find a gay Baker in Colorado, supposedly, like, know, that. I'm sorry, that's, that's not cool. And I feel the same way. If I walk into a bakery, they're like, you're Jewish. We're not serving you. I'd be like, Okay, you're you're aihole. But all right. I mean, it's free country, and there's a bakery across the street. Or maybe I'll just open a bakery next door to you and take all your business. Yeah.

Well, it's unfortunate that anyone would ever think like that. But should it be a law to force someone to think differently? You can't it doesn't work.

This isn't this is my point is my my religious beliefs. Oh, you're a theocratic, and I keep coming back to. I'm not though. Like, I don't want to force my beliefs on anybody remind me to have those. Those are my beliefs. So leave me alone. And those are your beliefs. So leave you alone? And if we can't have a system where we acknowledge that those beliefs can coexist, and we can still have conversations with each other or be friends, it's gonna be real hard to have a society

when you told Dave Rubin that you wouldn't go to his wedding. Did he get butthurt? No pun intended?

No, he wasn't upset about it. No, no, because it was Dave and I were friends. He knows that I have no anger or upset about him doing

I would want to fuck Ben. Come on, man.

I don't know I'm not a friends person. So I don't have any friends. I mean, I have friends. But they're it's like, very close friends. And then acquaintances, I tend to keep a pretty close social circle.

That's smart. The so much time in this life. That's

pretty much how I feel. Yeah, like, if you're the kind of person where it feels like a true obligation for me to drive you to the airport. Oh, not a thing. Now I'm not driving to the airport. You correct there to make money off and you're driving to the airport to do that. This is this is exactly correct

that those people but that did that kind of went away for the most part. So if you find someone who's still asking for a ride to the airport, that's a greedy motherfucker at this point.

You know, 80 bucks on the Uber. Yeah. It's

like your wife or your girlfriend and she wants to talk to you when you drop her off at the airport is totally cool. Right? Well, that's understandable.

But that's what I mean by my circle of friendship, like somebody where I'm in the car with him for half an hour. And it doesn't feel like an obligation. Yeah, nice conversation, that's fine. But

I value community, and I value a value people talking and trying to understand each other. And I, I've seen so much conflict that's unnecessary, because I see so much conflict that's rooted in people not communicating. And instead of communicating, and I think this is one of the things that I'm most nervous about with all this D platforming and censoring people and the silencing of people on the right. And it's not that I agree with these people, it's that I see how this is just going to shore up these two sides. And it's going to make it a much more difficult, much more difficult atmosphere for communication for real understanding and coming to agreements on things. And recognizing the things that we all all good people seem to agree you could try it, you should try to help each other should be kind to each other. You should work hard. You should have good morals and ethics. You shouldn't steal, you shouldn't take from people shouldn't lie. You shouldn't try to cheat the government. You shouldn't try to cheat people, right? Just be a good fucking person. And that this this transcends religious ideologies. It transcends political leanings. It really does. It should. And we can have a truly diverse community. truly diverse, not forced diversity, diverse meaning some people are progressive. Some people are conservative, some people are libertarian, you can joke with each other. We can all get along together and disagree with things just not be fucking hateful towards each other. This is possible But it becomes less possible when people feel like they're being silenced or censored.

totally right. And it's also true that when you, when you castigate somebody as morally unequal, what you're really doing is you're giving an excuse to get into their shit. I mean, like, this is what's really happening here. Like, if I had a slogan, beyond the facts don't care about your feelings stuff. It would just leave me alone. Yeah, right. Don't get into my shit. Like, I'm not bothering you. So why are you bothering me? And if I have a belief system that's different than yours, then so the whole what? As long as I'm not bothering you, what difference does it make to you how I feel about things?

The only thing about the gay thing is that it's not you, you have a belief about things. It's not you. And I have lots of beliefs about things that are not me, right. But they're people that aren't hurting each other. But it's, so what I

mean, I can believe that people who aren't hurting each other, like, I'm not a fan of prostitution. So like, so I'm not a fan of people. Here's some somebody who said prostitution

is clearly more of a choice than I think gay people are. Okay, I'm

coming back to the same moral distinction, which I've repeated a few times, which is that I'm not a believer that a natural desire to do something, therefore makes an activity okay. But that's but that's a view that has no externalities. My view has no externality. So in the same way, listen, I beliefs about people who eat too much and get obese because they eat too much. I think it's a bad thing to do. I don't think it's my business. You want to do it your problem like you want to you want to eff up your life. That's what freedom is called. Right? It's

one of the seven deadly sins. Gluttony. Yeah, again, a Christian thing, but

yeah, I think. But it's but yes, I mean, and I have, I have lots of beliefs about lots of things that people do. And by the way, so do you things that don't affect you, right? I mean, this is, we all do. But as long as I'm not forcing that on you, because there are no externalities, your behavior, I don't see why it bothers you. Like, they're legitimately I would assume 10s of millions of people in this country who believe that when I die, I will go to hell, right? I don't know, I don't believe in Jesus. And so there are a lot of people who believe I don't believe in Jesus, therefore, I am bound for Hell, that does not bother me one iota because no one's bothering me. So what do I care? Right? Like, I don't understand why everyone doesn't take this view. If I'm not legitimately bothering you, why should why should you care? What I think like this is, this is what would be puzzling me if somebody came to me, and they wanted my opinion on something because they valued my opinion that much, I give my opinion. But if you don't have to care about my opinion,

I think when it comes to the gay thing, what people are looking for is to people, for other folks to be accepting of who they are. And I think for a lot of these gay folks that have been in the closet their whole life, that's the big things, they're always worried about someone treating them differently, or someone diminishing them because they're gay, then when they hear someone like you say that you think it's a sin, and that you shouldn't act on your biology, even though you have these urges that you should instead find a woman, they feel the same pangs of rejection,

I get that, I for sure, get that but the confluence between activity and identity is actually kind of a dangerous one meaning then the, you know, the idea that if I disapprove an activity in which you engage, they disapprove of you, right? I disapprove of lots of activities that in which lots of people engage, including most members of my family, including my children, a lot of the time, rather than not mean I disapprove of them as a human being, or that I'm saying they're lesser as a human being right? That like, we all interact with people this way, like, you disapprove of my view on this. I get the feeling you disapprove of me as a human being. No, I don't practice a religion. You obviously think my religion is bullshit, but that's okay. I don't care. Like why would

I think it's bullshit? I wouldn't say I think it's bullshit. Do you

think? Like God spoke to somebody in the mountains bullshit, right? Well,

I don't even know if that's bullshit. What I do know is that it's a historical interpretation of stories that were as much as they could, or as little as they wanted to be accurately defined and written down and then passed on from generation

to generation. For example, you think the fact that I won't eat pork is kind of stupid? Well, no, I

don't think it's stupid bullshit. First of all, I think pigs are intelligent. I wish they were a wild, I have a deep affinity to pigs. But I also kill them like they eat you. I mean, I kill wild pigs.

Let me be broader about this. You're not an Orthodox Jew. So I assume there are things about the things. But there are certain things of which I believe or practice that you that you probably disapprove, or you don't think they're the smartest or you think that they're, or you might

not think is the smartest, but as I've gotten older, and hopefully wiser, I give a fuck less about why you do what you do. But whether or not the benefits seem to be worth the juice is worth the squeeze. Right? And in your case, I think the juice is worth the squeeze. I think you're a very successful person. You're very reasonable. You're very intelligent. You're an outstanding debater, and I enjoy talking to you and listening to you on YouTube. I think part of that is because of the fact that your religion, right of your religion, I think it's cross training. I think in a lot of ways. It's like, if you lift weights for jujitsu, it makes you stronger, it'll make your jujitsu better as long as you keep training. I think your discipline from your religion has there's psychological benefits to it. Right? Totally benefits to it. There's,

it's No, I totally get all that. But I guess the point is that we're different people. So yeah, there are certain activity in which I engage that you probably think Well, that's, I wouldn't do that. It's kind of dumb. Okay, I

don't I wouldn't go. I would, but I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I don't want to do it. I don't want to wear a yarmulke. I get it. I understand why you do it hard to keep it on your head. fluid. What it bald dudes? Do they put a double stick tape

there that now that you cannot allow to know you can? You totally can? It seems to me painful and uncomfortable. So yeah. My point is that living in a society we all are constantly disapproving of each other, right? Politics is just us disapproving of each other all the time. And so long as we're not forcing that on anybody else, I really don't see the problem. And I think everybody should sort of get over it. Like if I don't approve of your personal behavior. Welcome to the club. I disapprove of 99% of people's personal behavior, including my own half that you

how often do you debate people on the merits of religion or the merits of your belief system? Um,

you know, not, not super frequently, but not infrequently. I mean, like I mentioned that I've had this conversation with Sam a couple of different times. Yeah. Like, well, he's,

he's so rabid as an atheist. But yet, you guys he's more

religious. Sam is more religious than I am. More of a religious atheist than I am. Like, I'll admit questions about my own religion. Sam is very, very convinced of his, his correctness and his viewpoint, Sam and Sam is a religious dude.

He's a fascinating guy. He

is I liked him a lot. And Michael Shermer, I've had on my show to talk about religion, and skepticism and all that. I'm not shy about talking about it. I just, sometimes I find that it's, it's kind of a dead end. Because sometimes it just turns into I believe in God, and then the person's like, I don't believe in God. And it's like, Well, okay, fine. Now now, can we talk about the stuff we think are the, what are the fundamental building blocks upon which you can basis society or based on politics, and if we agree on those, then, you know, the god stuff, I think God is a better base for those fundamental policies and, and, and belief systems. I think free speech, individualism, democracy, these are based on a simple verse in Genesis that human beings are made in God's image. I think that that's a logical leap isn't the case I've made to Sam, I don't think that you can actually get to human beings are a bit nestable inestimable value from scientific materialism. If he believed that human beings are effectively just animals, then I don't know why they would be of infinite value, nor Why should respect somebody's belief system, simply because they're human. I don't respect animals. And if we're just another animal, I, there's no, there's nothing that necessitates that logical line of the in fact, for most of human history, it was not the logical line of thinking it was if you're a member of my tribe, then we like you. And if you're not a member of my tribe, then we get to kill you.

But is that a logical comparison? Like is, isn't there a difference between single celled organisms and the way a primate interacts with its environment?

I mean, yes, but I'm not sure why that would indicate any sort of greater existential value. It's not necessarily

a greater existential value. But as we were talking about the value of community, and the value of having a group of people that you care about, this is this is a core component of being human. This is a, it's a core component of this understanding mind. But that's that's actionable intelligence, interfacing with the universe in a way that no other animal is capable of. I'm

not saying you can't get to the point where Sam agrees with me, I'm saying that I think it's less convincing than Sam thinks it is. Meaning there's no there's an alternative line of thought that says, Okay, you're right. social fabric is great. You know, that social fabric is particularly awesome among me, and my friends, you know, aren't that great, those guys over there, let's go kill them and take their shit. Right like that. That was pretty much how humanity works for a very, very long time. And the simple and effective idea that the reason that human beings are value is because we are more than just our material bodies. And there's something that is us, that is of inestimable value. That's a religious concept, and it has a lot of weight. Now, if Sam wants to get to the same place, and we can build a political conversation from there, that's fine. My real argument with Sam is Sam, and I go down to the bottom of the iceberg about 90% of the way we have the same fundamental values about free speech, diversity of opinion about, I think, to mostly an extent free markets. And I think that we agree on a lot of these fundamental principles. He then says that he gets those from pure reason. I have serious questions about whether pure reason necessitates those conclusions. He tends to think that those are the only conclusions a reasonable person could come to if you properly apply a reason. I don't think

that's right. What do you think is happening there? What's the mechanism?

I think that the mechanism is that we are common, what I said to Sam, when we were debating this in San Francisco, is it's real weird. He's a materialist, a scientific materialist atheist, who is sitting across the stage from me a religious Jew, we agree on 95% of our values. So how? And his answer was, well, you know, here's where I've studied. I've studied Buddhism, I've studied these philosophies, and I've studied science. And is that right? I haven't studied a lot of those things, but we have the same value. So why? It seems to me a better historical explanation is that we have groped we grew up 10 miles from each other in Los Angeles, after 3000 years of common history of Judeo Christian development, balanced with reason in the West like this. location has something to do with this. And that location was rooted in commonality of interest and philosophy. So I'm less. It's, there's a weird Nexus. I don't want to get to kind of deep in the weeds here. There's a weird kind of Nexus on what truth is where you've heard Sam and Jordan Peterson debate, this guy was insane. It was it's wild, right? And the truth is, I'm closer to Sam than Jordan on this. I'm closer to Jordan than Sam when it comes to the value of religion. And I'm closer to Sam and Jordan. When it comes to objective truth. Sam believes that there is such a thing as objective truth. Jordan tends to be more of a pragmatist, he tends to believe that truth is sort of what is useful to a certain extent. And, Mike, I agree with him, but I'm not sure how he gets to objective truth from a scientific materialist worldview. Why is there objective truth as opposed to what you think is what you think being evolutionarily beneficial? How do you get from that to it's a universal principle that is objectively true? It's a bit of a jump?

Well, it depends on what the concept is, right? Like, what are you talking about in terms of I'm talking about,

I'm talking about anything that Sam says is true? What makes it true, as opposed to just evolutionarily beneficial for us to think so? Meaning what evolution does is it creates a series of thoughts in our mind, presumably, if you're a materialist that are beneficial to your preservation and promulgation of the species, right? They're not active, actually true. So if it's beneficial, this is Sam's explanation for the prevalence of religion, for example, he'll say, religion isn't true. But evolutionary biology sort of drives people toward religion. So you can have group bonds that are beyond 250 people, or whatever. So why doesn't that apply to math? Why is it the two in two? How do you know that two into actually equals four, as opposed to it is evolutionary, evolutionarily beneficial for you to believe that two plus two equals four? So Sam believes there's an objective truth somewhere out there that two plus two equals four? I don't know what evolution has to do with that sort of stuff.

So what do you think is happening that he disagrees with?

So I think that what is happening is that human beings were placed in an orderly universe through the processes of biology, and have a unique capacity to understand that universe because we are made in the image of God. This is where I think that the religious viewpoint diverges pretty strongly from from Sam's, but you

believe in evolution. Yes, you believe that evolution was a process that was created by God to formulate human beings? Yes. Interesting.

Yeah. I mean, that's, that's the nice thing about being religious, you can attribute most most everything to God as

well, here's the thing, it's not that implausible. If there was some sort of a grand plan, there would be no regard for like ABA gotta get a rush on this, right? Making the evolutionary being, you know, we're gonna, you know,

there's also the process, there's all sorts of fine tuning arguments about how implausible it would be for just atoms roaming around the universe randomly to end with with human creation. You know, the alternative explanations seem No, no more, no less implausible to me, like the multiple universes theory. plausible, but we have no way to prove it, because we can't get to those multiple universes. So how is that testable? Or the or the now popular theory that we're living in an AI simulation? Not sure how that's more testable than God? Not sure how it's more testable that aliens put us here, like, how is any of this? Why is that more testable? Or more plausible, than the idea that there is a force behind that which we see that has mined?

Well, let's, let's just break this down slowly. There's obviously something that's happening. There's obviously something that went from the Big Bang to planet earth in 2019, with cellular communication and satellite dishes. And obviously, something happened, something pretty radical. Why is it happening? Is it happening because of random events that sort of coincide with biology and technology? And all these things come to fruition to you and I standing across from each other talking on this podcast in front of millions of people? Or is this is this just how things go? Is things compete, constantly try to get better. And then in this gigantic ecosystem of all these things, competing and trying to get better one super successful organism us rises above and continues right and continues and by far passes all these other creatures below it, and moves. We, in our estimation, I mean, if you if you really believe in evolution, you can't think we're done. Right? It's got to be moving towards some better product keeps going until it creates.

So this is why I say that Sam is more religious than I am. I think that there's a plausible argument for atheism, I just don't think that there is a plausible argument for Sam's moral vision of atheism. Meaning that what what what Sam tends to do is it like for example, you and I have talked a lot on this particular podcast about the value of self betterment and making decisions and being responsible for those decisions. How does that work in an area where you don't Free well, so Sam actively says we do not have free Well, yeah, that's a weird conversation. It is it is a weird conversation and sort of a self defeating one. Sam suggests when it comes to the scientific method that we are using science to find out truths about the universe. And we're using reasons he was very big on reason. I also am big on reason. But I don't know how Sam is defining reason as opposed to just a an evolutionarily beneficial firing of neurons. Meaning that that's what we are right? We're balls of meat wandering, purposeless through the universe, and then he'll talk about making our own meaning or seeking human human prosperity or flourishing is the word he likes to use. These are all very active verbs, right? This is, this is an active vision of man in the universe. And I'm not sure how that flows from. We're a ball of meat that evolved from another ball of meat that evolved eventually, if you go back far enough from non balls of meat, without any without any freewill without any capacity to choose. I don't I don't know how to build a civilization on that. Well, there's

two different conversations here. One is determination or determinism, rather, whether or not you have free will or whether or not your life and your actions are being dictated by the past, by your biology, by your learning experiences by external pressures. What is causing this very clear decision that you make? Is this freewill? are you deciding I'm gonna get my shit together, or all the factors around you pushing you and funneling you into this, this direction that you it's unavoidable to you? Right? And that you are not a product of freewill. You're just a product of a lot of different factors, right? Or is it both? Is it that you are the product of your environment and your life experiences? And you also have freewill

right. And I'm in the latter group.

I'm in the latter group, I think as well. I think we also experienced great benefit from making positive choices and then experiencing like, whenever you meet someone who's lost a lot of weight. One thing is they have this fucking tremendous feeling of accomplishment. Yep. You know, and like, oh, yeah, I lost 100 pounds, like holy shit, man. 100 pound, right. Like they get this positive feedback from it. There's, there's real good and making good choices. And when people decide to get their shit together and make a good choice, they're rewarded. The question is, are you doing that because of determinism? Are you doing that because of freewill? Or are you doing that because of a combination of both of those things? And can you feel that freewill purposely through like outwardly seeking things that are motivational or things that are educational things that allow you to kind of remap the way you process reality, right, which can be extremely beneficial and can aid in you taking steps towards exercising your freewill?

Right. Well, this is why I think that in the end, and right, but but I think it's pretty fundamental question. And I think that that's why, in the end, I'm religious, and I'm not sure why Sam isn't because he agrees with the same premises. Right? He'll he'll he'll talk about self betterment and decisions that you can make. And then he'll write a full book about why free will doesn't exist. And I just don't understand how those two things can coexist. Yes,

it's a well, I think it's a thought experiment. First of all, I think the whole determinism thing is a thought experiment. Because there's really no way to determine right, like you can

know for sure, right? I mean, like there's just no way to act otherwise, by I guess,

I've absolutely act as if I have free will, right. And we all do. And I get angry at myself when I fucked things up. I don't say well, it's just determinism man. Right? No, that doesn't get you in. And the button may be it's determinism that has put me in this position where I'm the kind of guy that gets upset if I fuck things up, right? No, I don't know, man. I don't know. But I don't know if you know, either. That's my take on all these things when people get really rigid with their ideologies. Yeah. Like, okay, I want to hear it out. I want to hear the whole thing. You know, I want to hear it all. You know,

I think there's I think there's no, I think there's a lot that I don't know, but I think that there's more plausible and less plausible.

I agree. This is where I think people misunderstand you. You have your beliefs, but you're not a guy that imposes them on people. And I think we need to be way more reasonable in terms of the way we address people's beliefs. And I've been guilty of this in the past, I'm sure many everyone has. But I think it's a core component to a healthy community is to allow people to have their own beliefs. And you know, who knows, man, maybe your beliefs on gay people will adjust and move over time as you get older and move into a gay neighborhood. And

again, it's not look dude, it's not it's not about tolerance.

I understand. I know.

I mean, I know. Yeah, it it's, it's a difference between understanding people are as as whole people, and then saying that I don't like some of the things that they do. And simply saying that making the assumption because I don't like some of the things that you do. We can't be friends or I disapprove of you as an entire human being, which I think is not true.

It's a good belief system to have If you're straight and then you go look kind of locked down. Don't need to worry about that. I got a prop but if you're gay God down that'd be a pain. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it would be annoying if you just always wanted to bang dudes and everyone's saying, no, no,

no. Nobody said do Nobody said religions Easy, man. It's what's the value

in it though if you're, if you're a giant homo, alright, and all you want to do is go to gay discos party your ass off. That's what you enjoy. Some people like golf. Okay? Some people, some people like parasailing some dudes just want to fucking get it on, man, you want to dress up like the village people and go have a fucking party. That's why Santa Monica Boulevard such a hotspot and they find each other,

you know, do whatever you want to do, honestly, do whatever you want to do. Because men don't don't ask me to think that, you know, don't ask me to like, put my stamp of moral approval. I understand. But do you want to do like it's free country, this this should be a free country, not just it is a free country, it should be a free country, it should not be my job to police your personal behavior. Right. Right. Right. Like you, as I mean, I have to prove it on a personal level. Right. But I'm a jerk if I want to impose my belief system on your personal behavior that affects no one else. I mean, that's the definition of

thing. And I'm a hypocrite if I continue to braid you about your, your opinion on gay folks, why do I give a fuck what your opinion is? Correct it because you are a reasonable person. And you do. You're very polite. And either you're in friends with Dave Rubin. So there you go. There's got to be something there. It's it's a strange thing, though. This, this need that people have for everyone to think the way they think. And I understand the need to reinforce your own thoughts and and argue them and try to figure out a way to debate that the other person's perspective is incorrect. And your perspective is correct. I understand all these inclinations that people have. But I I think that they conflate that with bigotry. Right. You know, and I don't think I don't think you're a bigot. I don't agree with you about gay folks. But that's one of the few. The marijuana thing is just I just don't think you have any experience in it. Right.

And as far as the, as far as disagreeing, I think that we probably don't disagree on gay folks. I think we disagree on identity and gay activity and all the rest of it. I mean, as human beings, yeah. These are human beings. I know many gay people who I think are significantly better human beings than religious people that I know.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you said that. Yeah, I think it. There's a way I don't have a defined religion. But in a way, I have some pretty rigid ideas that I have in my head about behavior and ethics and morals and how you treat people care about those are those are like, they're pretty rigid. And I think one of the things that religion does, is it allows you to have this sort of ethical framework, sort of like, what is it called scaffolding, like when you're building like, it allows you to develop a more disciplined life. And it just shows you this is good, and this is bad. And it's clear, and there's most of it in the for the most part, it's good. For the most part, these are these are good patterns to follow. And I think that I've most certainly sort of adopted my own, somewhere along the line.

I think we all do. Yeah, I mean, honestly, a value system, effectively is usually a form of religion, right? So

when you're saying that Sam is religious, he's a religious AC atheists, your system? Yeah, you're not being inaccurate. There's a lot of folks do that we do develop these sorts of principles that we follow. We're not just free willy nilly just do whatever we want all day long. No one does

that. And the reason I say that is sort of facetiously, but I think that we all make fundamental assumptions about the nature of human life. And we have to recognize that those are assumptions. You can't it's not reason all the way down. Yeah, that it because that tends to actually become even more inflexible than its I'm the only reasonable person in the room. My reasons are the only ones that matter. So it's my reasons all the way down. I acknowledge that we're all making some assumptions. And then we can discuss whether those assumptions are worthwhile or not.

Yeah, the thing that when it comes with religion, in defining whether or not other people's behavior is sinful, where it doesn't involve you, that's where a lot of folks start thinking that maybe these ideas are bigoted, right?

But it does involve me, meaning that at times, well, I'm enjoined, every sin that I say is a sin is a sin that enjoins me. It's just that I may not have a desire for that particular sin. In Meaning I'm not I'm not holding people to a different standard than I hold myself, nor am I saying that I never sin. Right,

but you know that you have different biological desires than they do. You're kind of acknowledged that. Of

course, that's true. Yeah, of course. That's true. By the same token, I assume that a gay guy doesn't have the desire to show up 1000 women, which most straight guys do.

Yeah. Why do you think if if God has a plan, why do you think he would create gay people?

I mean, I think that God creates for So I don't think that I'm in a position to evaluate God's plan. But if you look God's if I had to guess God creates people with all sorts of different challenges and those challenges span the spectrum. Mm hmm I mean, I'm not so

God sneaks up on you hey man, I know it's gonna be fucked up but you're gonna just like dudes like forget about women you're gonna like dudes I am not I want you to ignore that no my old book i

don't know i got gives people drives I don't know I got kids kids cancer. I don't know a lot of things about God. Wish I did it would make my life a lot easier. So

you think that that is a challenge akin to any other challenge that a human being might face in this life that the challenge have been a lot

harder? Yeah, a lot more difficult and a lot more straining and a lot? Yeah, of course.

Do you think there's value in following that challenge and not acting on gay urges? I think that I think there can be and having sex with a woman plug your nose go and make a face because your disgust did

you create it? Did you create a baby out of that? Did that bit is that baby like a part of your life? Now that is that is deep and meaningful? Maybe? What about their past that a lot of gay guys having kids?

What about people saying living their truth? I'm living my truth. Ben Shapiro?

Well, I mean, as a general rule, living my truth is bunch of crap. Like there's living your opinion, which is fine, like love your opinion, and how you want again, that gets back to do what you want, as long as it's not bothering me. living my truth is a different thing.

That's one of them social media creations, like, living my truth.

as such. That's just bullshit. I'm sorry. The matrix is bullshit. Like, it's, there's no such thing as your truth. There's the truth. And then there's your opinion. And we do have to if we're going for purposes of conversation, at the very least, it's deeply irritating when people say living my truth, because then it's like, I disagree with you. And then I'm like, well, you're you're disavowing me as a human being. No, I just disagree. Like you can be you. You can do what you want, like you do that. Whatever, man. Come down, like, How did I become the most loosey goosey libertarian Leanback guy in the world? In this society? How is this possible? The most uptight person I know, how is this a thing? Well,

you know, as well as I do that, the further you go left, you would you reach the same sort of zealotry that you do when you go all the way rice is correct. You meet these crazy people that are just completely connected to their idea of being correct. And they take the most rigid stance on all these issues on the left side or on the right side. And it's so goddamn common. Human behavior.

It's also incredibly boring. Yeah. I mean, there's just nothing to discuss with with Yeah,

I agree. And that's one of the reasons why it's so disgusting when people mislabeled people, like so was an article that connected me with Richard Spencer. Like, What in the fuck? Like, that is such a disingenuous thing to do? And they know what they're doing. They're they're trying to get me to react to it and talk about it and get more glare caught you Yeah, okay. It's it put it's horseshit. Yep, like anybody. But if you are locked into that far left ideology as far left as you can go, and it's one of the problems with ideologies that have these extremists, is that you believe in a percentage of the things these people say, but then they go way too far with it, but you're connected with them. You're connected with them, because you're a part of that even though you don't have a similar notion. Steven

Pinker got browbeaten over suggesting that failure to ask questions and give plausible answers gives, excuse me, credence to the alt right that if you do a so he did a whole speech where he said, listen, there are lots of conversations about IQ and race. And the alt right loves these conversations, because then they they suggest, wrongly that black people are inherently unfit, and white people are more fit, and all that kind of stuff. And he says, There are great ways to explain what how much of IQ is is cultural, how much can be changed? How much is genetic? How much that actually matters in terms of real life outcomes, we can do all those things. But when you say, don't ask the question, stop asking the question, then you make people Google and the only thing that they will Google and find are answers that are given by people who are actually all right, right. And he got ripped as outright for this entire argument was don't allow people to push into outright answers by failing to give them proper responses, or by throwing them out the window. And then people like, well, you're all right now because you're saying that people should be able to ask questions, like, it's almost like, it's just like, it's the exact same version as people in the religious community where it's like, you know, I used to go to Sunday school, and then I asked him any questions and they kicked me out. Right, that's, that's not how religion is supposed to work. That's not how that's not how reason is supposed to work. That's not how any of this is supposed to work.

Right. And there's also when you're investigating any thing, any measurable thing, we're there when you find a number, whatever it is, like these people like Asian folks are better at mathematics. European folks are better at this. Like what is what's the reason for that? Like, what what's let's find out is it cultural, is it biologicals, it's something can we learn about how human beings evolved and adapted? Why are Nigerians so smart? Like there's so many Nigerians that come to this country, they thrive, they thrive in business there extremely motivated. They're extremely disciplined. It's like, it's like almost like Korean folks. Why to Koreans? Like, why are they so hard working? Why do they strive? And obviously, these are big generalizations. But what is it about Italians? What makes them wear gold chains? And love mafia movies? Like what is it? Those are my people that go with the with the fuck? Why are they all talk like that? Like, what is that? What causes any sort of ethnic group to turn out the way they turned out? What are so many European Jews, Nobel Prize winners? Right? What the fuck is going on over

there? And also like, what is the impact of the measurable on how we live our lives like to show how much should this stuff matter? Is this is this a result of discrimination? Or is this a result of something else? Is it true that when you group any group of people together racially or non racially, there will be disparities between those two groups of people? This is just true statistically, like, but not asking those questions and then saying, shut down the questions. What that actually does is it leads people to only get the answers to the questions from the people who don't know what they're talking about, in many cases, and who are giving convenient, easy and self flattering answers about the nature of of themselves.

The fear, is it being used by racists to reinforce their position, right, but what you find out is that they'll hear your race,

right? And they'll do that anyway. Like one of the one of the funniest things about white supremacist is they're so fucking stupid. And Pardon the language like the white supremacists are invariably, not the Nobel Prize winners. If you go to a white supremacist compound, you're not looking at a bunch of people who are curing cancer. These people pissed me off and this is now I'll say all that won't matter. The media label me outright tomorrow, because this goes well,

the disingenuous media that's being less and less taken seriously. Taking less less seriously. It's it seems to me that that trend, which is a common trend that's existed for the last few years of these click Beatty, bullshit articles and mislabeling people, it's going to go away because your your perspective is not going to be appreciated. It's not going to be respected if you if you're obviously making disingenuous statements like that. And I think we're in this weird position where it's very difficult to find real journalism and real objective takes on things that aren't flavored by their ideology. And everybody's trying to shape everybody and they feel like it's their obligation they feel. There's many people that write things that feel like it's their obligation to change your perspective on a national subjects and things that are important to us. It's not their obligation to just report what's going on, but also their obligation to flavor things in a way that will make one side look favorable to the other. Yeah,

well, I'm very much in favor of journalists revealing their biases. I think that the greatest line media is that objective journalism is a thing. So I'm a conservative, you're gonna go to my site, you'll get a conservative spin on the news. That's the way it's going to work. And guess what CNN is liberal, and they are going to give you the liberal spin on the news. And that's just the way this is going to work to

just see the video when the Muller report came out. They look like somebody got killed. Oh my

God, it was crazy. So it was

it shouldn't be happy. If you guys believed in Muller, everybody was like, Muller is the fuckin man. He's gonna go get Trump. This guy is methodical. He's precise.

He's getting voted out and everything votive candles with his face on them. They could like bird they were pumped. Yeah. And then he came out and it was like, Well, no collusion, or was like, Well, I guess that now to cover up. It's

like, what? Wait a minute. Yeah, maybe

maybe the narrative has it? Maybe the narrative has has trumped the actual job you're supposed to do, guys.

Well, it's just so many people were so convinced. And there were so many people that were making statements that in retrospect, are probably like, you could probably I mean, I want to say, I'm not a litigious person. But if I was a guy like Donald Trump, oh, man,

yeah,

there's so many people to sue it.

It was it was amazing. I mean, I remember I was on Bill Maher's show and we were supposed to talk about free speech stuff and like five minutes before, and he's like, let's talk about Russia as producer came in. And let's talk about Russia. And I was like, Okay, fine. So we get on producers for them. Yeah. This is like right before they switch topic for

your TV shows where they tell you what you have to talk about a guy comes in with a clipboard? Yeah,

it was it was a little bit. It was a little bit strange. And we got on stage and he's talking about Trump, Russia collusion. And I said what I've always said, which is I'll wait for the evidence to come out and then I will make a decision as to whether Trump Russia collusion was a thing. And Bill Maher article, I know and Bill Maher goes, you don't you don't believe it was a thing? And I was like, Well, I don't see any evidence yet that it was a thing. Like I see some evidence of attempts to collude like Don Jr. I see some attempts of people trying to get information. But I don't see evidence of like actual legal collusion. And why don't we just wait like you guys keep wanting Muller to give us like, let's just wait on it. And Mark could not believe that this was my perspective. Right? It was like it was like shocking to him. Why should Why should the perspective I'm waiting for more evidence be shocking to anyone when it is obvious, the evidence is not out. Like why is that in any way? Controversial? It's bewildering to me.

Well, it's because people have this need to let everyone know that they're on the right side. And they want you to know that they do believe in the collusion if you disagree With that, for whatever reason, you must either be a right wing person, a Trump supporter, someone who's in denial, someone who doesn't look at the evidence, and you're a part of the problem. Yep. But the real problem was jumping to conclusions. There obviously seem to be some attempts. There's there's obviously some fuckery with that IRA company that the internet research agency that is responsible for millions of interactions with people online where they pretended to be, right, different supporters roles. They caused conflict, like constant conflict in regards to political opinion. And that's all real, that was coordinated effort to try to change people's opinions. But how much of that had to do with Donald Trump? How much did he ask for? First of all, you got no evidence. Also,

I was always bewildered by this theory. Like, did you watch that campaign? That was not the most well coordinated campaign. It was chaos. It was chaos. I mean, I knew everybody who's in the campaign, like, it was a it was a shit show, then the idea that they're sitting there, but they're, but when the mask comes off at night, they call up Vladimir Putin. And they put together a point by point plan on how they're going to swing this particular precinct in rural in rural Michigan. It's like, what what are you? Are you guys hi? Like, what are you talking about? Like, what? Like, if you could attribute this to anything? Here's a good rule of thumb for politics, attribute everything to stupidity unless you can prove malice. The

real problem. And this is something that is very similar to what we were talking about earlier. When you say something, and you say it over and over and over again, and you say it with such conviction. And it becomes a giant part of your news narrative. And then that something turns out to be horseshit. Yep. You just massively empowered Trump.

That's That's exactly right. No mas said for a long time that, you know, I'm not a big fan of Trump's fake news stick because I think he applies it to broadly. I think that whenever there's a bad piece of news, he's like fake news. And it's like, well, sometimes yes. And sometimes no. But now that you just blew a two year narrative, where he was clearly in Putin's pocket, how many people you think gonna listen to the nuanced view of fake news now? And how many people do you think are going to actually believe Trump when he says that a bad piece of news is legitimately a fake piece of news? Yeah,

and empowers him in a in a spectacular manner? They made a giant mistake.

Oh, yeah. And they blew that they blew this one in spectacular fashion, and people are still hanging in there. All they had to do this is true for so many people right now, all you have to do is not be crazy. Just stop it

was talking about the possibility that Trump has been a Russian asset since like, 1987, or something. I

mean, Andrew McCabe, the former FBI director was asked whether Trump was legitimately a Russian asset. And he's like, I don't know. It's like you're using the power of the institution to use to run to spread this nonsense. And you got that from John Brennan, you got it from James clapper. These are all former heads of the intelligence agencies, it just makes me think the intelligence agencies need to be wildly curved back if these were the heads of them. I mean, if like the heads of the intelligence agencies are using their platform to proclaim that they have inside information about Trump, that turns out to be utter nonsense. I'm not sure these people should have that much power to like,

is that what he's saying? Or is he saying he doesn't know? He didn't say, I

don't know. He was saying like, I have basically, I expect that Muller is going to indict. As a former intelligence professional, I expect that yeah, there's a lot of that it was ugly. Adam Schiff, Intel Committee doing the same thing.

It's crazy now because like, what do they do now? Like, how do they rebound from this? If this is to say once, this is something you said for two years, right. You've seen the compilation video? Yeah. They've done them to rap music. So they're like they've they've put a beat behind it. If you've seen it. Now, I know. There's some great ones, some great content, there's compilations of people saying possible collusion, possible collusion possible. Yeah. And there's music that goes with it. And they just cut two possible collusion with the Russians possible. Russian collusion. Yeah. Possible. Russian collusion. It's, yeah,

they blew it in a major way. Yeah,

I mean, there's plenty of shit to complain about. You didn't have to go with that. Like the idea was that he was a trays

at target rich environment and you decided to go to he's a Russian trader. What like, like, it's no way out or something. And he's Kevin Costner is

one way he could have ever beaten Hillary. So I'm gonna check my wife get out of here, man. I do a little bit. Yeah. When you leave right now. Like, I wanted to ask you one more. One more question. What do you think about this Chelsea Manning situation? Because I don't know exactly what happened other than she's in contempt of court. And so they've got her in solitary confinement. Now, this is about testifying.

I'll be honest, I've been following it that closely. I mean, my understanding is that Chelsea Manning who Okay, so here's where we get color Bradley. No, he changed he changed his name to Chelsea he is a biological male.

campaigner leave your gendering Are you dead naming as well? I don't know. No, I don't I don't. But

unless we're talking about when he committed his crimes, at which point he's actually Bradley as opposed to Chelsea right. So if we're talking about so he personally was convicted. That was a male named Bradley Manning,

just talking about the formerly known as Bradley.

If we're talking about the human being who's currently in jail, that As a male who is currently known as Chelsea, so it's my understanding is that Brad is that Chelsea Manning is a refused to hand over information that he was legally bound to hand over about WikiLeaks. And now there were complaint that he's being held in solitary. But that's not true, apparently, and that he's being mistreated. I do find it weird that the same people who are complaining about Donald Trump coordinating with WikiLeaks are very upset about Chelsea Manning going to jail for coordinating with WikiLeaks, you're gonna need to pick one or the other is WikiLeaks, batters WikiLeaks, not bad.

Your what is WikiLeaks? It's only dependent upon whether or not they're supporting the narrative that you want.

That's exactly right. And it's right and lefty leaks was very good. Exactly. It was right and left, by the way, like there are people on the right words like Julian Assange, Julian Assange is the worst. And then 2016 happened like Julian Assange. Now there's a person I can really talk to, it's like, well, no, I'm pretty sure Julian Assange is a WikiLeaks, good information suggests they are Russian front group. And take Make of that what you will end of story,

do you think that they became a Russian front group to try to stay operative and stay safe, because they're obviously being attacked by the United States government and in danger of being shut down? And then they've kicked me in here?

I really don't know enough about WikiLeaks to really get into I don't sort of historical but I

know that he's been trapped in that embassy for since 2012.

Yeah, I mean, I hope that he's got some video games or something in there.

Fuck, man. He's been in there for like, seven years now. Right?

It's a long time to be in an embassy. It's

a long time. It can't go outside. No sunlight. Pamela Anderson visits every now and then. He's fucked, man. I mean, it's a terrible place to be. And I don't know if it's better than prison. Because it's like the stress of him never knowing when they're going to come knock down the door and pull him out of there. I was like, how well does that guy sleep? Seven years in that embassy? It can be great. Can't be Grace got to be awful. They took his internet away, right?

I think they did. That's fucked up. To be fair, WikiLeaks was releasing information on specific American soldiers in lines of combat. So were they

yes, they didn't redact any of the names. That was the problem. That's why people

were pissed. Really? Yes. Because the original dump from Chelsea Manning was that he dumped all the information to WikiLeaks, including the stuff that was unredacted. And WikiLeaks just released it. That was the claim. That was the claim anyway, I don't know if that's accurate. Because if you voted differently than let me know, because I'll be happy to correct Oh, yeah.

You know, I'm sure you would I just don't know if that that is. I don't know, I don't have the information from me. Do you want to check? No, I'll take too much time. That'll, folks, you're gonna have to Google this one. But so when one of the things that I was thinking when Trump got into office while I was drain that swamp shit, I was like, I wonder if Trump would be a WikiLeaks supporter. I wonder if Trump would be happy? Depends if it helped him. Yeah, sure. Right. Right. Or even and Snowden as well. You see this wondering about that?

Yeah, I mean, it same sort of thing. I mean, unfortunately, politics very often has little to do with principal at everything to do with convenience. Yeah. So if it's helpful, sure,

if not a guy like him who's always anti Deep State and talking about the these men, I do have extremely critical. Yes,

but I do have a feeling that once you actually sit in the big seat, I think that tends to change. Remember, Obama was to Yeah. And then five minutes later, he was thrown in people. Like

Well, listen, I know you gotta get out of here. So let's just wrap this up. Tell people

about your book. Yeah. So you can check out my book, the right side of history talks about a lot of the sort of deeper issues. We're talking about Judeo Christian values and reason and sort of, it's a kind of short form philosophical history of the West, from Sinai through Greece, and talking about all the major enlightenment philosophers. Some of the things we talked about on the show are in the book. It's number one bestseller on the New York Times nonfiction list, at least at the moment. Congratulations.

That's awesome. Really, pretty quick test. Pretty exciting. So your show also Ben Shapiro show you can get the Ben Shapiro show on iTunes. You can get it on YouTube, your Sunday review, which I did once Yeah, it's Sunday special as a special caveat again, and I would love to thank you. Thanks for being here. And your books available on Amazon everywhere. Ben Shapiro is gentleman that was great.
