Welcome back. Here we go. Great to see you and congratulations. Thank you. You will never forget what is going on in the world. When you think about when your child is born, you will know for the rest of this child's life. You were born during a weird time. That's for sure. That is for sure. The probably the weirdest that I can remember. Yeah, yeah. And he was born on May the fourth. And that's hilarious, too. Yeah. May the Fourth be with him? Yeah, exactly. Has to be hope. I sure hope so. Perfect. Yeah, I mean, that was the perfect day for you. Um,

what? How do you say the name?

Well, as a placeholder, so first of all, my partner is the one that actually mostly came up with the name. Congratulations to her. Yeah, she's great name. So

I mean, it's just x letter X.

And then the A is like, pronounced ash.

Yeah. And then a 12. A 12. Is my contribution. Oh, ye 12. Archangel 12, the precursor to the SR 71. Coolest plane ever.

I agree with you. I don't know. I'm not familiar with it. I know.

Yeah. Yeah, I know what that is. But the SR 71 came from a CIA program called called Archangel. Archangel project. And that Archangel 12 Oh, wow, what a duplicate blame. Yeah. Okay. I got it. Yeah. Well, as a person who's very much into aerial travel, as you are, and it's perfect. It's pretty great. Yeah, pretty great.

So is it? Does it feel strange to have a child while this craziness is going? Does it feel that you've had children before? Is this any weirder?

It's actually I think it's better. Being older and having a kid. I appreciate it more.

Yeah. Babies are awesome. They are pretty awesome. They're awesome. Yeah. When I didn't when I didn't have any of my own, I would see other people's kids. And I didn't not like them. Sure. But I wasn't drawn to them. Sure. But now when I see little people's kids, I'm like, Oh, I think of them. Like these little love packages. Yeah, the love books. Yeah, it's just you, you think of them differently when you see them come out and then grow and then eventually start talking to you. Like your whole idea what a baby is, is very different. Yeah. So now as you you know, get older and get to appreciate it as a mature, fully formed adult. It must be really pretty wonderful. Yeah. Wonderful. That's great. But babies are awesome. Yeah.

That's great.

Yeah.

I mean, also, I've spent a lot of time on AI and neural nets. And so you can sort of see the kind of brain develop, which is, you know,

an AI neural neural net is trying to simulate what a brain does, basically. And you can sort of see the it learning very quickly.

You know, it's just, wow, see things. So you're talking about the neural net? You're not talking about an actual baby. I'm talking about actual natural baby, both of them? Yes, but the word neural net comes from the brain. It's like a net of neurons. So, you know, it's like the

Yeah, humans are the, you know, Rachel gangsta?

That's a great way to put it. Yeah. So when you're programming, artificial intelligence, where you're working with artificial intelligence, art, are they specifically trying to mimic the developmental process of human brain?

In a lot of ways, there's some ways that are different. Here, an analogy that's often used is like, you know, we we don't make a submarine swim like a fish. But we take the principles of, of how, you know, what have hydrodynamics and apply them to a submarine, I've always wondered as a lay person do try to achieve the same results as a human brain but through different methods? Or do you try to copy the way a human brain achieves results?

I mean, the, the essential elements of an AI neural net are really very, very similar to a human brain. neural net. Yeah.

Having the multiple layers of neurons and

backpropagation these all these things are what your brain does it sort of,

yeah.

You have a layer of neurons that goes through a series of intermediate steps to ultimately cognition, and that and then it'll reverse those steps and go back and forth and go all over the place.

It's

Yeah, it's interesting, very interesting. Yeah, I would imagine, like the thought of programming something that is eventually going to be smarter than us. That one day it's going to be like

Why don't you do it that way? Like when artificial intelligence become sentient, they're like, Oh, you tried to mimic yourself, like this, so much better process, cut out all this nonsense.

But like, so there are elements that are the same, but just like almost like a like an aircraft doesn't apply like a bird. Right? It doesn't flap its wings, but the wings, the way the wings work and generate lift is the same as bird.

Now you're in the middle of this,

this strange time where you're selling your houses, you say you don't want any material possessions and haven't seen all that. And I've been really excited to talk to you about this. Yeah. Because it's an interesting thing to come from a guy like yourself. Like, why are you doing that? I'm slightly sad about it, actually. But

what if you're sad about it? Why are you doing it?

I think I think possessions kind of weigh you down.

Then they're kind of an attack vector.

You know, he'll say, Hey, Bill, you know, you got all this stuff like, well, now I don't have stuff now. What are you going to do?

attack vector meaning like people targeted? Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. But you're obviously going to so you're going to rent a place. Yeah. Okay.

And get rid of everything except clothes. No, I said, like, almost everything. So it's like, keep a couple tassels? Yeah, sure. I was gonna have to. Yeah, that's product and stuff.

Yeah, there's things that have sentimental value for sure. are keeping those Yeah.

Yeah. So do you feel like, what's what's worse, they're gonna be fine. Yeah, you can always buy more stuff if you don't like it. I suppose. So. Yeah. I mean, the money that you sell your stuff, you could buy new stuff.

But do you feel like people define you by the fact that you're, you're wealthy? And that they define you in a pejorative way? For sure. I mean, not not everyone. But you know, this.

For sure. In recent years, billionaire has become a per job. Like it's an pejorative, like, it's like, that's a bad thing, which I think, doesn't make a lot lot of sense. In most cases, if you've if you've done if you basically

organize the company like, like how to how does this wealth arise? It's if you organize people in a in a better way, to produce products and services that are better than what existed before, and you have some ownership in that company, then that, that essentially gives you the right to allocate more capital. So it's, there's a conflation of consumption and capital allocation. So

let me say, Warren Buffett, for example, Andrea, totally frank, I'm not his biggest fan. But

you know, he does, like capital allocation. And he reads a lot, a lot of sort of annual reports of companies, and we'll be counting and it's pretty boring, really. And he's trying to figure out is, does Coke or Pepsi deserve more capital? I mean, that's, I mean, it's kind of a boring job if you ask me.

But,

you know, it's still a thing that's important to figure out, like, which is a company deserving of more or less capital, should that company grow or expand? Is it making products and services that are better than others? Or worse, and, you know, should you know, if, if a company is making compelling products and services, it should get more capital? If it's not it should get less or go out of business? Well, there's a big difference to be between someone who's making an incredible amount of money, designing an engineering fantastic products, versus someone who's making an incredible amount of money by investing in companies are moving money around the stock market or doing things along those lines. It's a different thing. And to put them all in the same category seems it's very simple. And as you pointed out, it's an attack vector. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I mean, I think it's really, I do think they're in the in the United States, especially, there's an over allocation of talent in finance and law. Basically, too many smart people go into finance more.

So, you know, this is both a compliment and a criticism. We should have have, I think fewer people doing law and fewer people doing finance and more people making stuff.

Yeah, yeah. Well, that would certainly be better for all involved if they made better stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And and, you know, manufacturing used to be highly valued in the United States. And these days, it's not. It's it's often looked down upon which I think is wrong. Yeah.

Well, I think that people are kind of learning that the spirit

particularly because of this whole pandemic and this relationship that we have with China. That it, there's a lot of value in making things and making things here. Yes, somebody's got to do the real work. Yeah. You know, and, you know, like, make making a car, it's not as days, as long as stays loving, that's for sure. You know, or making anything really, or providing a valuable service. Like providing, you know, better entertainment, good information that these are all valuable things to do.

You know, so, yeah, it should be more more of it. Did you have a moment? Where is this something that this idea of getting rid of your material possessions is something that built up over time? Or did you have a moment of realization where you realize that? Yeah, I've been thinking about it for a while.

The other part of it is like,

like, I have a bunch of houses, but

I don't spend a lot of time in most of them. And

that doesn't seem like a good use of assets. Like somebody could probably be enjoying those houses and get better use than me. So don't you have gene Wilder's house? That's me. That's awesome. Wow, that's

exactly what you'd expect. Did you request that the buyer not? fuck it up? Yeah, that's a requirement. Oh, requirement? That's a good requirement. Yeah. Not in that case in that house? Yeah. It'll probably sell for last but still, I don't care. He's a legend. You want his soul? He'd want his essence. Yeah. In the building. It's, and it's there. As a real quick, quirky house. Yeah. What What makes you say there? What do you get out of it?

I mean, all the all the cabinets are like canned, handmade. And they're like odd shapes. And there's like doors to nowhere and strange, like, corridors and tunnels and really odd, odd paintings on the wall. And

yeah, did you ever live in it? It's very quirky. I did live in it briefly.

But why do you buy houses? Like, if you own all these houses? Do you just get bored and go, I think I'd like to have that.

Well, I, you know, had one house and then

the Gene Wilder house right across the road from me from from my main house, and it was gonna get it was gonna get sold and then torn down and turn into, you know, be a big construction zone for three years. And I was like, Well, I think I'll buy it and preserve this virgin water and not have a giant construction zone. And then the, you know, this, I started having, like, some privacy issues where like, people would, like, let people just, like, come to my house. And, you know,

start climbing over the walls and stuff.

Like, man.

So, then I started like, what a house some of the houses around my house. And then I thought at one point, well, you know, it'd be cool to to build a house. So that said, I acquired some properties at the top of Samara road, and which is got a great view. And I was like, Okay, well, these are some bunch of sort of small, older houses, they're gonna get torn down. Anyway, I was like, Well, you know, like, collect these like, little little houses that I can build something. You know, I don't know, artistic, like a, you know,

Dream House type of thing. What's a dream house for Elon Musk? Like some Tony Stark type shit? Definitely.

Yeah, you gotta have the dome that opens up with a stealth helicopter and that kind of thing. You know? Yeah, for sure. Fuck, yeah.

But but then I was like, Man,

do I really want it? Does it really make sense for me to spend time designing and building a house? And I'd be real, you know, get like OCD on the little details and the design and?

Or should I be allocating that time to getting us to Mars? I should probably do the latter. So

you know what, like, what's more important Mars or a house? Or like Mars? Okay.

Is that really how you think like that? It'd be better off planning on a trip to Mars or getting people to Mars? Yeah, definitely. I mean,

that you can only do so many things. Right? Right. So how you can I don't know how you do what you do. Anyway. I don't I don't understand how you can Ron bought the boring company, Tesla, SpaceX, all these different things you're doing constantly. I don't understand. I mean, you explained last time you were here, how you sort of allocate your time and how hectic it is and insane. I still don't the productivity is baffling just doesn't make sense. How you can get so much done.

Well, I think I do have high productivity. But even with that, there's still some opportunity cost of time and allocating time to it.

Building a house, even if it was a really great house, still is not a good use of time relative to developing the rockets necessary to get us to Mars and helping solve sustainable energy.

SpaceX and Tesla are by far

the most amount of like brain cycles.

Boring company does not take, you know, like, less than 1% of brain cycles. And then there's neural link, which is

I don't mean it's like 5%.

And then that's good chunk to get shot. Yeah, we were talking about that last time. And you were trying to figure out when it was actually going to go live, when it's actually going to be available? By testing on people right now? No, we're not testing people yet. But I think it won't be too long, I think we may be able to implant a neural link in

less than a year, in a person, I think.

And when you do this, is there any tasks that you have to do before you do something like this? To to see what percentage of people's bodies are going to reject these things? Is it is there? Is there a potential for rejection?

It's a very low potential for rejection. I mean, you can think of it like people put in, you know, heart monitors and

you know, things for epileptic seizures and deep brain stimulation.

Obviously, like, you know, artificial hips and knees and that kind of thing. So the probability of I mean, like, it's so it's well known, like, what will cause rejection and what what will not?

It's definitely hotter when you've got something that is

really sort of

reading and writing neurons, that's, that's generating a current pulse and reading current pulses, that's best a little hotter

than then then say, passive device, but it's still very doable. And, yeah, there. There are people who have primitive devices in their brains right now. What kind of devices? I would like the deep brain stimulation is, but I think for Parkinson's is that has really changed people's lives in a big way.

Which is kind of remarkable, because we're it kind of like, zaps your brain. It's like kicking the TV type of thing.

You think like when kicking the TV shouldn't work? It does sometimes. Yeah. The old old TV I did. My grandpa used to slap the top for sure. Yeah, it would work sometimes. Yeah. So this deep brain stimulation, implanted devices in the brain that have changed people's lives for the better, like, fundamentally, well, let's talk about what you can talk about to what neural link is, because the last time you were here, really couldn't discuss it. And then there was a, I guess, a press release, or something that sort of outlined, yeah, that that happened quite a bit after last time you were here. So what exactly is it? How do you do what, what happens if someone ultimately does get a neuro link installed, what will take place?

Well, for version one of the device that would be

it basically implanted in your skull, so

but it would be flush with your skull. So you basically

take out a chunk of skull, replace, put the neural link device in there,

you put the, the electrode, you'd insert the electrode threads very carefully into the brain. And,

and then you, you know, stitch it up and, and you wouldn't even know that somebody has, and then and so that it can interface basically anywhere, anywhere in your brain. So it could be something that, you know, helps cure, say, eyesight, like, give you returns your eyesight, even if you've like lost your optic nerve type of thing. Really? Yeah, absolutely. Hearing. Absolutely. I

mean, pretty much anything that we're that it could, in principle, fix almost anything that is wrong with the brain. And it could

restore limb functionality. So if you've got to interface into the motor cortex, and then an implant that's say, that like a microcontroller

in near muscle groups, you could then create a sort of a neural shunt that restores somebody who is a quadriplegic to full functionality. Like they can walk around be normal.

Whoa, yeah. So maybe slightly better. Slightly better over time. Yes. You mean with future iterations like, you know, $6 million man

All these days, I would bet

$6 billion.

So the, the hole would be small. How big would the hole be that you have to drill and then replace with this piece? It's only one hole. Well,

yeah, the device we're working on right now is about.

It's about an inch in diameter. And your skull is pretty thick, by the way. So skulls are sure, it might actually literally.

I mean, if you were big, if you're a big guy, your skull is actually fairly thick. skulls, like it's like seven to 14 millimeters.

So it's probably a couple of inches, a half inch, half inch thick skull. So

yeah, so that's a fair bit of like, our our, we got quite a coconut going on. It's not it's not like some eggshell. Oh, yeah, I believe you. So the, yeah, basically, implant the device. And so it would be like a one inch square.

One inch in diameter. Yeah, like so an inch circle like a circular? Yeah, I think like a, like a smartwatch or something.

Okay, yeah. Okay, so you take this one inch diameter, like ice fishing, right? Here we go ice fishing. No, but I'd like to. It's great. Yeah, it's really fun. So you basically take an auger, and you

drill it to the surface of the ice. Yeah. And you create a small hole. And you can dunk your line in there. So this is like that your ice fishing on the top of your skull. And then you cork it.

Yeah, you're replaced that say one inch diameter piece of skull with the this neuro link device. And that has a battery and a Bluetooth and inductive charger. And then you and now then you also get to insert the electrodes. So the electrodes very carefully inserted with our, with a robot that we developed, that it's carefully putting in the electrodes and avoiding any veins or arteries. So it's doesn't create trauma. So through this one inch diameter device, electrodes be inserted in they will find their way like tiny wires face tiny wires anywhere, and they'll find their way to specific areas of the brain to stimulate. No, you literally put them where they're supposed to go. Oh, okay. Yeah. So how long with these wires be?

I mean, they usually go in like, you know,

depending on where it is, like

two or three millimeters. So they just find the spots? Yeah. Wow.

And then at the end, they put the device in. And that that gets that replaces the little piece of Scala was taken out. And then you you stitch up the hole, and you just have like a little scar. And that's it. Well, this should be replaceable or reversible. Yeah, like if someone can't take it away. I'm too smart. I can't take it. Take total data. And what is the besides restoring limb function and eyesight and hearing, which are all amazing. Is there any cognitive benefits that you anticipate from something like this?

Yeah, I mean, you could for sure.

I mean, it basically, it's a generalized

sort of,

thing for for fixing any kind of brain injury in principle, like if, or if you've got like, like severe epilepsy or something like that, it could, it could just get to just sort of stop the episode epilepsy from occurring, like it can detect it in real time, and then fire a counter pulse and stop the epilepsy.

If

I mean, there's a whole range of brain injuries, if someone gets a stroke, they could lose the ability to speak.

That battle spec could also be effects. So if you've got like stroke damage, or if you lose, say, muscle control over part of your face or something like that, I think. And then when you get older, you tend to if you get like Alzheimer's or something like that, then you lose memory. And this could help you with, you know, restoring your memory, that kind of thing. We're storing memory and what is happening that's allowing it to do that, like the wires, these small wires. Yes, stimulating these areas of the brain. And then is it that the areas of the brain are there, they're losing some sort of electrical force, like what is happening? Yeah. Yeah, it's like, it's like, think of just like a bunch of circuits. And there's some,

like circuits that are broken, and we can like,

fix those circuits. It's a substitute for those circuits. And so a specific frequency will go through this. Yeah, just a specific or in that would is the process, figuring out how much or how little has to be

How much both these areas of the brain have to be juiced up? Yeah, I mean, there's still a lot of work to do. So when I say, you know, we got a shot at probably putting in an in person, and, you know, within a year, I think the better, that's what, that's exactly what I mean, I think we've, we have a chance of putting in put into one end, having them, having them be healthy and, and restoring some functionality that they've lost. The fear is that eventually, you're gonna have to cut the whole top of someone's head off and put a new top with a whole bunch of wires, if you want to get,

you know, the real turbocharged version, the P 100. D, of brain stimulation.

I mean, ultimately, if you if you want to go with full AI symbiosis, you'll probably want to do something like that symbiosis is a scary word when it comes to AI.

It's optional.

I would hope so. Yeah. It's just I mean, once you enjoy the doctor Manhattan lifestyle, once you once you become a God seems very, very unlikely you're gonna want to go back to being stupid again. I mean, you literally could fundamentally change the way human beings interface with each other. Yes, yes. You wouldn't need to talk.

I'm so scared of that. But so excited about at the same time. Is that weird?

Yeah, I mean, the I think this is one of the past to,

you know, like think like, what a,

like AI is getting better and better. So, now, let's assume that sort of like a benign AI scenario, you're in a benign scenario, we're kind of left behind. You know, we're not we're not along for the ride. We're just too dumb. Right?

So how do you go along for the ride?

So you can't beat him? join him? So.

And we're already we're already a cyborg to some degree, right? Because you've got your phone, you got your laptop classes? Yeah. Good. Your Tronic devices? Yeah.

And

I mean, we're today if you've your phone, if you if you don't bring your phone along, it's like you have missing limb syndrome. It's like, feels like something's really, really missing. So we're ready, partly,

partly, or partly a cyborg or an AI symbiote? Essentially.

It's just that the data rate to the electronics is slow. So, especially output, like you're just going with your thumbs. I like what's your data rate, maybe, optimistically, 100 bits per second, that's being generous.

And now the computer can communicate it like 100 100 terabytes.

So certainly

get gigabits or travail this point. So this is like

basically, your, your computer could do not do things a million times faster. Or you you're at a certain point, it's like talk they asked like talking to a tree.

Okay, just boring. You talk to a tree, it's very, very entertaining.

So

so if you can, if you can solve the data rate, issue and especially upward, but ever to, then you can improve the symbiosis that is already occurring between man and machine.

So you can improve it. In what when you said, you won't have to talk to each other anymore. We should joke around about that. I've joked around about that a million times in this podcast that one day in the future, there's going to come a time where you can read each other's minds. And well, you'll be able to interface with each other in some sort of a nonverbal, non physical way, where you will transfer data back and forth to each other without having to actually use your mouth.

noises. Exactly. So when you like what happens when you win? Like, let's say you've got some complex idea that you're trying to convey to somebody else. And how do you do that? Well, your brain spends a lot of effort, compressing complex concept into words. And there's a lot of a lot of loss information loss that occurs when compressing a complex concept into words. And then you say those words those words are then interpreted, then they're decompressed by the person who is listening, and they will at best get a very incomplete understanding of what you're trying to convey. It's very difficult to convey a complex concept with precision because you've got compression

decompression, you may not even have heard all the words correctly.

And so communication is difficult. What we have here is a failure to communicate.

We'll add Luke Yes. And this great movie. There's an interpretation factor to like you can choose to interpret certain series of words in different ways. And they're dependent upon tone dependent upon social cues, even facial expressions, sarcasm, there's, there's a lot of variables, click has it was difficult. Yes, yeah. And so one of the things that I've said is like that there could be potentially a universal language that's created through computers that particularly young kids would pick up very quickly, like my kids do tic toc and all this jazz, and I don't know what they're doing. They just know how to do it. And they know how to do it really quickly. Like they learn really quickly. They show me how to edit things. And yeah, it's if you taught a child from first grade on how to use some new universal language mean, essentially, like a Rosetta Stone. And something that's done with that interprets your thoughts. And you can convey your thoughts with no room for interpretation with clear, very clear, where you know what a person is saying. And you can tell them what you're saying. And there's no need for noises, no need for mouth noises, no need for yes, these sort of accepted ways that we've sort of evolved to make sounds that we all agree, we throw our cultural dictionary in, right? We agree, or we bypass all that. Yeah, we can still do it for for fun, sentimental reasons, right?

Like campfires? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Need campfires need to roast marshmallows? Fine.

So yeah.

Yeah, I think you would, in principle, you would be able to communicate

very quickly. And with far more precision,

ideas, and language would

I'm not sure what would happen to language, you could probably, it would be a situation like this, that you would be able to just kind of like the matrix, you want to speak a different language, no problem. Right. That's why it was to download the program.

Right? So at least for the first iterations, first few iterations, we'll just be able to use like, I know that Google has their some of their pixel buds have the ability to interpret languages in real time. Sure, yeah, you can hear it, and then it'll play things back to you and whatever language you choose, so it'd be something along those lines.

Yeah, for the first few iterations?

Well, the first few iterations are about what I'm talking about. It's like in the limit over time, you know, with a lot of development, the first few iterations, really, in the first few versions, all we're going to be trying to do is solve at brain injuries. Um, so it's like Don't Don't Don't worry that there's not going to sneak up on you.

This, this will take a while, how many years?

Before you don't have to talk.

If the if the development

continues to accelerate, then

maybe like five years, five to 10 years, that's quick. That's really quick. That's the best case scenario no talking anymore in five years best case scenario.

1010 years more like it.

I've always speculated that aliens could potentially be us in the future. Because if you look at like the size their heads, and the fact that they have very little muscle and they don't use their mouth anymore, they was tiny little, I mean, the archetypal, an alien that you see in like Close Encounters of the Third time. They're like, if you went from, like, Australia, Pythagoras, or ancient hominid to us, what's the difference, less hair, less muscle, bigger head, and then just keep going 1000 million, whatever, your five years, whatever, whatever happens when neural link goes on online, and then we slowly start to adapt to this new way of being where we don't use our muscles anymore. We have this gigantic head, we can talk without words.

You could also save state.

And they've stayed save state, like save your brain state. Like like a save game in a video game. Whoa. Like, like if you want to swap from Windows 95. Well, like you have a little bit of that. But yeah, I think we are Windows 95 right now. My official perspective probably.

But yeah, I mean, you you could save state

and restore that state into biological being if you if you want it to in the future. In principle, there's like nothing like from a physics standpoint that prevents us, you'd be a little different. But then you're also a little different when you wake up in the morning from yesterday, and you're a little different. In fact, if you say, like, you five years ago versus you today, it's quite a big difference. Yes. So you'd be substantially you. I mean, you'd be you'd certainly think you're you, but the idea of saving yourself, and then transforming that into some sort of a biological state, like you can hang out with 30 year old you.

I mean, the possibilities are endless.

It's so weird. I mean, do you think like how your phone can you can record videos on your phone? Like, there's no no way you could remember a video right as accurately as your phone or a camera? You know, could? So

if you've got like it, some some

version 10 your length whatever far in the future? You could. You could, you could recall everything that just like it's a movie, including all the entire sensory experience, emotions, everything, everything, everything. And play it back. You should edit it. Edit it. Yeah. So you can change your past. You could change what do you think was your past? Yeah. Well, so if you had like a stressful thing right now?

Could be a replay memory? It could be? Yeah, it may be? What's the odds of this being a replayed memory? If you had to guess? More than 50%?

There's no way to assign a probability with accuracy here. Right? But roughly.

If you just had just gut instinct,

well, I don't have a neural link in my brain. So I'd say right now is 0%.

But at the point at which you do have a neural link, then it rises above 0%.

The idea that we're experiencing some sort of a preserved memory is

even though it's still the same, it's not comforting,

right? For some reason, when people talk about simulation theory, they talk about the potential for this currently being a simulation. It even though your life might be wonderful, you might be in love, you might love your career, you might have great friends. But it's not comforting to know that this experience somehow or another doesn't exist in a material form that you can knock on. It

feels real, it feels real, but but if it's, but the idea that it's not is for some strange reason. disconcerting. What Yeah, I'm sure it should be disconcerting, though, because then if this is not really what is, but but the, you know, there's that old sort of

thought experiment of like, how do you know you're not a brain in a vat? You know, now here's the thing, you are a brain in a vat, then that fat is your skull? Yes. And everything you see, feel hear everything, all your senses are electrical signals, everything, everything

is an electrical signal to to a brain in a vat where the package was called, and all your hormones, all your neurotransmitters, all these things are drugs. Adrenaline is a drug. Dopamine is a drug, you're a drug factory, you're constantly changing your state with love and oxytocin and beauty sure changes your state great music changes your state Absolutely.

And yet he has another sort of interesting idea, which is

because he said like where did consciousness arise? While assuming you believe the belief in physics which appears to be true,

then you know, the universe started off as basically quarks and leptons and quickly became hydrogen and helium, lithium like basically elements the periodic table, but like mostly hydrogen, basically.

And then and then over a long period of time,

you know, 13 point 8 billion years later, that hydrogen became sentient.

Where along the way,

that conscious waiters in the consciousness what's the line of consciousness and not consciousness? between hydrogen and here? Right? When do we call it? When do we call it consciousness? I was watching a video today that we played on the podcast earlier of a monkey riding a motorcycle down the street, jumps off the motorcycle and tries to steal a baby yeah, so that one

what is that monkey conscious? It seems like it is it seems like it had a plan it was riding a fucking motorcycle. And the jumped off the motorcycle trying to steal a baby.

Seems pretty. The one that just stripe baby down the street.

pretty far. Yeah. Yeah. Seems pretty conscious.

Right?

There's definitely some degree of consciousness there. Yeah, it's not like, it's not a worm, it's that seems to be on another level. Yeah. And it's gonna keep going. And

that's the real concern. When when people think about the potential future versions of human beings, especially when you consider a symbiotic relationship to artificial intelligence that will be unrecognizable, that one day will be so far removed from what this is, we'll look back on this, the way we look back now, and, you know, simple, simple organisms that we evolved from.

And then it won't be that far in the future, that we do have this, this view back. Well, I hope consciousness propagates into the future and it gets more more sophisticated and complex and, and that understands the questions to ask about the universe. Do you think that's the case, as a as a human being as yourself, you're clearly trying to make conscious decisions to be a better version of you, right? This is the idea of like getting rid of your possessions and realizing that you're trying to, like I don't like this, I will try to improve this, I will try to do a better version of the way I interface with reality. That this is always the way things are, if you're if you're moving in a some sort of a direction where you're trying to improve things, you're always going to move into this new place where you look back in the old place and go, I was doing it wrong back then.

So this is an accelerated version of that super accelerated version of that.

I mean, you don't always improve, but you can aspire to improve, or you can aspire to be less wrong. Yeah. This is like, I think a good the tools of physics are very powerful. Like, just assume you're wrong. And you're asked recall to be less wrong.

I don't think you're going to succeed everyday and being less wrong. But, you know, if you're going to succeed in being less wrong, most of the time, you're doing great. That's a great way of putting it aspire to be less wrong. But then when you know, people look back and this Daljit about simpler times, there's that too. It's very romantic and exciting to look back on campfires. But you can still have a campfire. Yes, yeah. But we appreciate it when you're super nerd. When you connect it to the grid, and you have some skullcap in place of the top of your head. It's interfacing with the international language, that the rest of the universe now enjoys communication with people. We're Yeah, sure. I think so. Yeah, I like that part.

I'm just worried. I mean, everyone's always scared of change. But I'm scared of this monumental change where we won't. We won't talk anymore. I mean, that thing. Yes. But that's, there's something about there's something about the beauty of the crudeness of language, where when it's done eloquently, it's satisfying. And it hits us in some sort of a visceral way, like, oh, that person nailed it. I love that they nailed it like that. It's so hard to capture a real thought and convey it in a way in an articulate way. That makes someone like you read a quote, a great quote by a wise person makes you excited that their mind figured something out, put the words together in a right way that makes your brain pop like Oh, yes. Yeah, yes. Clever compression of a concept. Yeah. And a feeling. But the fact that a human did it, too. Yeah, absolutely. Do you think that it'll be like electronic music, like people won't appreciate it? Like they appreciate a slide guitar?

I like electronic music. I do, too. Yeah. Well, you make it. I know you like it.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah. I mean, I hope that future is more fun and interesting. And for you to try to make that way. I hope it's more fun and interesting, too. Yeah. I just, you know, I just hope I don't lose anything along the way. No, one might lose a little sleep again. Well, yeah, that's the thing, right, gaining more than we lose. Something that makes us interesting is that we're so flawed. So for sure. Yeah.

I mean, you look at civilization through the ages. Most of them, you know, they rose and fell. Yeah. And

I do think like the globalization that we have,

at the sort of like the, the meme sphere is, there's not enough isolation between countries or regions.

It's like if you get if there's a mind virus,

that that mind virus can infect too much of the world. You know, like, I actually

sort of sympathize with the anti globalization people because it's like, Man

We don't ever want everywhere to be the same for sure. And then we we need some kind of like mind viral immunity.

So that that's somewhat concerning mind viral immunity, meaning that once something like neuro Link gets established, the real concern is something that mean, you said it's Bluetooth, right? Or some future version of that, that the idea is that something could possibly get into it. Fuck it up. No, I'm talking about like, somebody. There's some cockeyed concept that

that's happened that happens right right now.

Why not? Is viruses and embedded chips, right, like people have. They've embedded chips and then acquired viruses that when I'm talking about a mind virus, I'm talking about like a concept that infects people's minds. Oh, okay. Okay. Like

cult thinking or some sort of fundamentalism. Yeah. wrongheaded idea that Yes? Goes Viral in a in an idea sense.

Well, that is that is a problem, too. Right? If someone can manipulate that technology to make something appear logical or rational?

Yeah, yeah. That would that be an issue too, with? This is a very have versus have not issue. Right. Once this thing if this really does. I mean, initially, it's going to help people with with injuries, and but you said, ultimately, it could lead to this spectacular cognitive change? Yes. But the people that first get it should have a massive advantage over people that don't have it yet? Well, I mean, it's the kind of thing where your productivity would improve

dramatically, maybe by a factor of 10. With it, so you could definitely just, you know,

I don't know, take out a loan and do it and earn earn the money back real fast. Yeah, super smart. But in a capitalist society, you know, you could, it seems like you could really get so far ahead that before everybody else, could afford this thing and link up and get connected as well. He'd be so far how they can never catch you.

Is that a concern? Well,

I think the

it's not a super huge concern. I mean, there are huge differences in cognitive ability and resources already. Yeah.

I mean, you can think of a corporation as like a cybernetic collective. That's far smarter than an individual, like, I can personally build, like, a whole rocket and and the engines and launch it and everything, that's impossible. But, you know, we have 1000 people at SpaceX, and

you're

piecing it out to different people.

And using like, computers and machines and stuff, we can make

lots of rockets launched into orbit, dock with the space station, that kind of thing, you know,

so that already exists, where there's, you know, where there's corporations are vastly more capable than an individual.

But the

Yeah, like we should be, I think less concerned about like, relative

capabilities between people and more like

having AI be vastly, you know, beyond us, and the coupled from human will

decoupled from human. So this is the, if you can't beat them, join them.

Yeah, I mean, do you feel like it's inevitable, like aI sentient AI? is essentially inevitable. Super sentient AI? Yeah.

Like beyond a level that's difficult to understand.

And impossible, Tarzan probably,

in somehow or another, us, you. So it's almost like

it's a requirement for survival to achieve some sort of symbiotic existence with AI.

It's not a requirement. It's just

if you if you want to be along for the ride,

then you need to do some kind of symbiosis. So the way your brain works, right now, you've got kind of like the animal brain, reptile brain. Let's face it. It's like the limbic system, basically. And you've got the cortex

of the brain. purists will argue with this definition, but essentially, you've got the primitive brain and you've got the sort of

smart brain where the brain is capable of planning and understanding concepts and different difficult, you know, things that a monkey can understand.

Now the cortex

is much, much smarter than your limbic system.

Nonetheless, they work together well. So I haven't met anyone who wants to delete their limbic system or the cortex, people are quite happy having both.

So you can think of this as being like the computer, the AI is like a third layer, a tertiary layer.

So that is like that could be symbiotic with the cortex, it'd be much smarter than the cortex. But you essentially have three layers. And you actually have that right now, your phone is capable of things, and your computer is capable things that your brain is definitely not, you know, storing

terabytes of information, perfectly.

doing incredible calculations that, you know, we couldn't even come close to doing. You have that with your computer.

It's just like I said, the data rate is slow. Yeah, the connection is weak.

Why is it so disconcerting? Or why is it? Why does it not give me comfort? To think about, like, when I think about a symbiotic connection to AI, I always think of this cold, emotionless

sort of thing that we will become, does that bad way to look at it? I don't think that's awkward. That's not quite, that's not how it would be. Like you already are. Yeah, Subotic, with AI, or computers, phones, computers, laptops. Yeah. And there's this quite a bit of AI going on, you know, new, artificial neural nets. Increasingly, neural nets are sort of taking over from regular programming more and more.

So you are connected.

You know, if you use Google Voice, or Alexa or one of those things, it's using a neural net to decode your speech and try to understand what you're saying.

If you're trying to do image recognition, or improve the quality of photograph, it's, it's using neural nets, the best way to do that. So

you are already

sort of a sort of a cybernetic some layout. It makes you

just question of your data rate, the communication speed between your your phone and your brain is slow.

When do you think you're going to do it? How long will you wait?

Like, once it starts becoming available, yeah, if it works, I'll do it.

Right away. I mean, let's make sure it works.

How do we make sure it works? We try it on prisoners, like, what do you do? No, no, you take rapists cut holes in the head, likes it if somebody's got a serious brain injury, right.

And then, you know, people have like very severe brain injuries.

And then you can fix those, those brain injuries. And,

you know, and then you prove out that it works, and you expect, I'd love to expand and make more and more brain injuries, sold more and more. And then, you know, suddenly a certain age, we are gonna get Alzheimer's and we're all gonna get senile. And then, you know, miles forget the names that are kids and that kind of thing. And so, you know, it's like you said, like, Okay, well, you know, this would allow you to remember your names your kids and, and, and have a normal, much more normal life where you, you, you're able to function much later in life. So I think that so essentially, they're, almost everyone would find a need at some point if you get old enough to use neural neural link

and, and then it's like, okay, so we can improve the functionality and and improve the communications communication speed. So then you will not have to use your thumbs to communicate with a computer.

Do you ever sit down extrapolate? Do you ever, like sit down and think about all the different iterations of this and what This eventually leads to?

Yeah, I mean, sure, think about a lot.

There's,

like said, This is not something that's gonna sneak up on you, you know, there's like getting FDA approval for this stuff is not like, overnight, you know?

And

this, there's, I mean, we probably have to be on like version 10 or something.

Before you know, it

would realistically be

you know, a human AI symbiosis situation.

So, as you'll see a common you know, you see a camera but what do you think it's gonna be like when you sit when you're alone? If you have free time, I don't know if you have free time.

But if you just sit down and think about this iteration the next onward keep going and you drag it out with improvements along the way. And leaps and bounds and technological innovations and where do you see it

what are we gonna be like when 2025 years from now what are we going to be

well assuming civilization is still around

it's looking fragile right now

think we I think we could have a

in 25 years probably something everything like that could be a whole brain interface.

A whole brain interface. So pretty close to that Yeah. How does How do you define what do you mean by whole brain interface

they got almost all the neurons

are connected to

your the sort of AI extension of yourself

if you're

AI extension of yourself, yeah. What does that mean to you? Like when you when you say AI extension of yourself?

Well, you like said you already have a computer extension of yourself and your phone. You know, and computers and stuff. So and now online. It's like somebody dies. There's like an online ghost. But they're they're still there. Online stuff is Yeah. Live. That's a good way to put it. It is weird when you read someone's tweets after they're dead. Yeah, yeah. Instagram and their stories and yeah, whatever Facebook is that you know, like,

it's like an online ghost. That's very accurate. Yeah.

So

yeah, so that there's

it would just be that that more of you would be in the cloud, I guess then in your body? Or if that more of you.

Well,

now when you say civilizations fragile, do you mean because of this? COVID 19 shit that's going on right now. What's that? Never heard of this thing? Yeah, no. It's like, some people just get a car. How do people it gets much worse?

Sure. Yeah.

Well,

yeah.

I mean, this certainly has taken over the mind space of the world. To a degree that is quite shocking. Yeah. Well, how to nowhere. That's what's crazy. It's like, you go back to November, nothing. Now here we are December, January, February, March, April, May six months. Totally different world. So from nothing to everything's locked down. There's so much conflicting information and conflicting opinions about how to proceed. What what has happened? You find things where there was a meatpacking plant, I believe in Missouri, where 300 plus people are asymptomatic, tested positive are asymptomatic. And then in other places, it just ravages entire communities and kills people. And it's it's so weird. It almost appears on the like, if you didn't know any better, you'd be like, what it seems like there's a bunch of different viruses doesn't seem like it's the same thing, or has a bunch of different reactions to the biological variety of people.

Yeah.

I mean, I kind of saw this whole thing play out in China before it played out in the US. So

it's kind of like watching the same movie again. But in English

so

yeah.

I think the the the the, the mortality rate is much less than what is

then what say the World Health Organization said it was it's much, much less it's probably at least an order of magnitude less. Well, it seems to be very deadly to very specific kinds of people and people with specific problems.

Yeah, I mean, if you if you're, you can look at the mortality statistics, you know, by age and whether they have comorbid comorbidities like do they have like basically existing conditions and by age and the

you know, if you're

below 60, and, and have no serious health issues, the probability of death is extremely low. It's not zero but it's extremely low.

They didn't think that this was the case, though, when they first started to lock down the country, do you think that it's a situation where once they proceed in a certain way, it's very difficult to correct course.

That's almost like people really wanted a panic.

quite crazy.

But in some places a panic is deserved, right? Like if you're in the ICU in Manhattan, and people are dying, left and right, and everyone's on incubators. And it's, it's, it seems like when you see all these people on ventilators, and so many of them are dying, and you see these nurses are dying and doctors are getting sick. In some places, that fear is justified. But then in other places, you're reading the stories about hospitals that are essentially half empty. They're having to furlough doctors and nurses because there's no work for them. Most of the hospitals in the United States right now half empty. In some cases, they're 30% capacity. And as this because they've decided to forego elective procedures, and normal things that people would have to go to the hospital for.

Yes, I mean, we're not talking about just some of these elective procedures are quite important. Yeah. Like, it's like, you have a bad heart disease. Yeah, sorry, I need a

triple bypass. It's like, sort of elective, but if you don't get it done in time, it's you're gonna die. Yeah. It's electives were elective. It's not like, hey, I want to, like plastic surgery. Like, it's more like, like, my, my hip is an extreme pain, because my, my hips blown out or my knee and I don't want to go to the hospital, I can't go to the hospital to you know, people that extreme pain, feel like need a kidney, you know, like, like people that that have like quite serious issues that are choosing not to go out of fear. So I think it's, it's a problem. It's not good. It seems like the state of public perception is shifting, it is like people are taking some deep breaths and relaxing. And because of the statistics of mean, and essentially, across the board, it's being recognized that it's not as fatal as we thought it was still dangerous, still worse than the flu, but not as bad as we thought or we feared it could be

objectively than what reality is much lower, like

at least a factor of 10, maybe a factor of 50 lower than initially thought.

Do you think that the current way we're handling this? The social distancing, the mass the locking down? Is it does this make sense? Is it adequate? Or do you think that we should move back to at least closer to where we used to be?

Well, I think proper hygiene is a good thing, no matter what, you know, wash your hands and you know, and if you're if you're coughing, stay home or wear a mask. This is not good. You know? If I could do that in Japan, that's like normal. Yeah, if you're if you're ill, you you wear a face mask and you know, cough on people. I think that that would be a great thing to adopt in general throughout the world.

Washing your hands is also good. Well, that's a speculation why men get it more than women because men are disgusting. We don't want it are disgusting. It's true. It's true. Well, mom in this room, bro, gross. Yes. Go to the restroom, you can see is

my daughter, my nine year old daughter yells at me. She was Did you wash your hands? She makes me go back and wash my hands. She's right. Nine years, I've had a nine year old boy do you think you would care? No, I wouldn't give a fuck if I wash my hands.

So I think that there's this stuff like some silver linings here than in improved, you know, hygiene and an awareness of potential. Yes. And I think this has shaken up the system system was like somewhat moribund with layers of layers of bureaucracy. And I think that we've cut through some of that bureaucracy. And if we, you know, at some point there probably will be a

pandemic with with a with a with a high mortality rate. You know, debate about like, what's high, but I mean, like, something that's killing a lot of 20 year off, let's say like, it's yeah, if you had like Ebola type of mortality, Spanish flu something.

Some healthy people. Yeah, yeah.

But it's, uh, yeah, like, like, killing large numbers of young healthy people that that's, you know, defined that is like a

high mortality then that this is at least practice for something like that. And I think there's this way given

It's just a matter a matter of time that there will be eventually some, some such pandemic. Do you think that in a sense, the one good thing that we might get out of this is the realization that this is a potential reality that we got lucky in the sense, I mean, people that didn't get lucky and died, of course, I'm not disrespecting their death in their loss. But I'm saying overall as a culture, as a community, as a human race as a community, this is not as bad as it could have been, this is a good dry run for us to to appreciate that we need far more resources dedicated towards the understanding these diseases, what to do in the case of pandemic, and much more money that goes to funding treatments and and some preventative measures. Yeah, absolutely. And I think I think there's a good chance, it's highly likely, I think, coming out of this that we will develop vaccines that we didn't have before for

Corona viruses or other other viruses, and and possibly cures for for these, and our understanding of

viruses of this nature has improved dramatically because of the attention that is received. So there's definitely a lot of silver linings here.

And potentially, if we act correctly, yeah, yeah. Yeah, there's, I think there will be some a massive lighting here no matter what, hopefully, we can be more visible lighting than last. Yeah.

So yeah, this is this is

like kind of like a practice run for something that that had a potential that might in the future have a serious, really high mortality rate. And we

kind of got to go through this with without, without it being something that kills, you know, vast numbers of young healthy people. Yeah. When you made a series of tweets recently, you know, I don't remember the exact wording, but essentially, we're saying Free America now, like, let's wedding. That is it. Thank you.

But the, you know, what was the How much do you pay attention to the response to that stuff? And what was the response? Like? Did Did anybody go? Hey, well, the fuck you doing? Did anybody pull you aside?

Who does that? Who gets to do that to you?

Well, I mean, I certainly get that. There's no shortage of negative feedback on Twitter. Oh, yeah. Twitter. Yeah, but I don't read that. Do you read it or zone? You do sometimes, though. Right. You do read it? That Yeah. I mean, I've scrolled through the comments likes as meme wars on. Yeah. I mean, people knife, you're good. And

it's something I enjoy about that just a, there's a something about the

the freedom of expression that comes from all these people that do attack you, that's like, well, they, if there was no vulnerability whatsoever, they wouldn't attack you. And it's like, there's something about these millions and millions of perspectives that you you have to you have to appreciate, even if it comes your way, even if the shitstorm hits you in the face. Sure. You got to appreciate Wow, how amazing is it that all these people do have the ability to express themselves? I mean, you don't necessarily want to be there when the shit hits you. Sure, you might want to get out of the way in anticipation of the shitstorm. But the fact that so many people have the ability to reach out and I think it's in a lot of ways. It's a I don't want to say a misused resource. But it's like giving monkeys guns, they just start talking. They start gunning down things that are in front of them without any realization of what they're doing. They have a rock they see a window they throw it. Oh, look at that. I got Elon mad. Look at that. This guy got mad at me this this I fucking took this person down on Twitter. I got this lady fired. Oh, the fucking business is going under because of Twitter wars. It seems like there's something about it that says Show News found thing that I don't want to say abuse. But just I want to say that it's almost like, you know, you hit the button and things blow up. You're like, wow, this is what else can we blow up?

Sure.

I mean, I've been in the Twitter war zone for a while here. So

you know, it takes it takes a lot to faze me at this point. Yeah, that's good, too. Right. Like you develop a thick skin.

Yeah, you can't take it personally like these people don't actually know you, you know, like, yeah, it's just like, you know, it's like if you're if you're fighting a war, and this like some opposing soldier that that shoots shoots at you. It's not like they hate you. They don't even know

You, right? Yeah, yeah. So just think of it like that like that firing bullets, whatever. But then they don't know you. So don't take it personally. There's something interesting about it too. It's like, like when you write something in, you know, 280 characters, and they write something into it, it's such a crude way. It's like, you know, someone's saying sending opposing smoke signals that refute your smoke signals. It's like, it's so crude, especially when you're talking about something like neural link, he's talking about some future potential where you're going to be able to express pure thoughts that get get conveyed through some sort of a universal language with no ambiguity whatsoever. versus,

you know, tweets. Well, they'll always be some ambiguity, but yeah, it tweets or

it's hard. Like that. Maybe they should be like a sarcasm flag or something. Right, right. Or I'm just kidding. Or whatever, you know, like that, you know, it's like, it's would take away some of the fun from people that know it sarcasm. Like if everybody knew that the onion wasn't if you sent people articles. Yeah. Is something about someone getting angry and an Onion article? Wow, that's amazing. You know, I mean, when they don't realize what it is, there's something fun about that for everybody else.

Yeah, I guess pretty great. Might be the best news source. Do you know who Titania McGrath is?

Hilarious. It's Andrew Boyle. He's a British fellow, brilliant guy who's been on the podcast before and he has this fictional character. This pseudonym, Titania McGrath, who's like this? The ultimate social justice warrior?

Is this like a, like a female avatar? A female avatar that's actually a computer conglomeration of a bunch of faces. Okay, not really one person. So one person can't be a victim and be angry that he's sort of combined these faces to make this one perfect social justice more. Okay, but the thing I recognized it early on, before I met him sure that this was parody. This is this was just fun. And then I love reading the people that don't recognize that they get angry. Sure. And they're really, really, there's a lot of people that just get really furious. Sure. But there's some fun to that. There's some fun to the not picking up on the true nature of the signal.

I find Twitter quite engaging. How do you have the time?

Why I mean, like,

five minutes, every couple hours type thing. So like, I'm sitting on it all day, but even five minutes every couple hours. If those are bad five minutes, they might be bouncing around your head for the next 30.

Yeah, you have to, you know, like said, take a certain amount of distance from a read this, you're like, Okay, it's bullets being fired by an opposing army that you don't like, it's not like they like so it's not like they know you. It's like, don't take it personally. Did you feel the same way? When when CNN had that stupid shit about ventilators with you? I found that both confusing. And the Yeah, it was snowing. It was annoying. But it's also annoying as a person who reads CNN and wants to think of them as a responsible conveyor of the facts. I would think that yeah.

I don't think CNN is that I think used to be used to be Yeah.

It's like, what do you think's the best source of just like, information out there? That's a good question. You know, like, let's say you just like, average citizen, trying to just get the facts, you know, figure out what's going on, like, you know, how to live your life and, you know, just looking for what's going on in the world, that it's hard to find something that isn't,

you know,

that's, that's good. Yeah. You know, that, you know, not, not not trying to push some partisan angle, not trying to not sort of drink sloppy reporting, and, and just aiming for the most number of clicks and trying to maximize ad dollars and that kind of thing. Yeah. You're just trying to figure out what's going on. It's like,

hard pressed to where do you go? I don't know. I don't think there's any pure form. My favorite

places are the New York Times and the LA Times. And I don't trust them. 100%. Yeah, because also, there's individuals that are writing these stories. Exactly. And that's seems to be the problems, these individual biases and these individual, there's purposely distorted perceptions, and then there's ignorantly reported facts. And there's so many variables and you got to put everything through this filter of where's this person coming from? Do they have political biases? Do they have social biases, do they are they are they upset

because their own shortcomings and they are they projecting this into the story. It's so hard. Yeah, I think like maybe just trying to find individual reporters that you think are good and yeah, kind of pulling them as opposed to publication. I go with whatever Matt Taibbi says, Okay, I trust him more than anybody. All right. Matt Taibbi is on to something I just, he's as far as investigative reporters in particular the way he reported the savings and loan crisis, the way he reports everything I just, I just listened to him above, most above Mount, he's my go to guy or I'll check it out. It's Rolling Stones articles are amazing stuff on the savings and loan crisis. You just like What in the fuck, you know, and he wasn't, you know, he's not an economist by any stretch of the imagination. So he had a really sort of deeply embed himself in that world to try to understand it, and to be able to report on it. And with also with a humorous flair. Now that's nice. Yeah.

Yeah.

There's not that many of them. There's, it's hard and not a location where like, we are no bullshit. You know, we are no bullshit.com. Like, the one place where you can say, this is what we know this what we don't know this what we think not, this person's wrong. And here's why. like, Ah, god dammit. You know, I can't you don't know. There's a lot of stuff that is open to interpretation. Yeah. This this particular Coronavirus issue that we're dealing with right now seems to be a great illuminator of that very fact, is that there's so much data, and there's this, there's so much that's open to interpret. There's so many things, because it's all happening in real time, right. And like, particularly right now, in California, we're in stage two, tomorrow or Friday, two days from now, stage two retail stores opening up things are changing to like when no one knows the correct process that needs to take place to save the most amount of lives, but yet ensure that our culture and that our our economy survives. It's a lot of speculation and guessing. But if you go to certain places, they'll tell you, we know why. And we know this, and we know Oh, it's hard.

Yeah, I mean,

in general, I think that's like we should be concerned about anything. That's a massive infringement on our civil liberties. Civil liberties. Yes. You know, so it's like, the you got to put a lot of weight on that.

People, a lot of people died to, you know, when independents with flip country and fight for the democracy that we have, and, you know, we should treasure that and not, and not give up our liberties too easily. I think we've removed. I think we probably did that, actually. So I like what you said, when you said that, it should be a choice. And that to require people to stay home, require people to not go to work required, and to to arrest people for trying to make a living. This all seems wrong. And I think it's a wrong approach. It's a it's your, it's an infantile isation of the society. That is going to tell you what to do, fundamentally a violation of the Constitution. Yeah, freedom of assembly. And, you know, it's just

the I mean, I don't think these things stand up in court. Really, they're arresting people for protesting. Yeah, because they're protesting when violating social distancing. And these mandates that tell people that they have to stay home. Yeah, these these are these were definitely not stand up. You know, if the Supreme Court here I mean, it's obviously complete violation, right. Yeah. And again, this is not in any way. disrespecting the people who have died from this disease, that's certainly a real thing to think of. Yeah, I mean, it's just should be if you're, if you're at risk, you should not be compelled to leave your house, right? Or leave a place of safety, but you should also not be if you're not at risk, or if you are at risk and you wish to take a risk with your life, you should have the right to do that. And it seems like at this point in time, particularly, our resources would be best served protecting the people that are at risk, versus penalizing the people that are not at high risk for living the life that way they did particularly having a career and making a living and feeding your family paying your bills keeping your store open keeping your restaurant open. Yes

I mean there's there's a strong strong downside to this Yeah. So

yeah, just believe like you know, if this is a free country you should be you know, a lot allowed to do you know what you want as long as it does not endanger others. But that's the thing right people this is the argument they will bring up like you are endangering others. You should stay home for the people that that you even if you're fine even if you know you're gonna be okay, there's certain people that will not be okay.

Because of your actions, they might get exposed to this thing that we don't have a vaccine for. We don't have a universally accepted treatment for. And then we need to keep this. There's two arguments, right? The one argument is we need to keep going, protect the weak protect the sick. But let's open up the economy. The other argument is stop placing money over human lives. And let's shelter in place until we come up with some sort of a decision. And let's figure out some way to develop some sort of a universal income universal basic income plan or something like that to feed people during the during this time? Well, yes, transition, I think there's a

Yeah.

As I said, my,

my point is, if if somebody wants to stay home, they should stay home. If say, somebody doesn't want to stay home, they should not be compelled to stay home.

That's my opinion. Do you think if somebody doesn't like that, well, that's my opinion.

So the now yeah. This notion, though, that, you know, you can just sort of sand checks out everybody and things would be fine. It's not true. Obviously. The there's some people have this absurd, like, view that the economy is like some magic horn of plenty. Like it just makes stuff stuff, you know, whatever. It just, there's a magic word apply it and the goods and services, they just come from this magic one appointee. And then if, like if somebody has more stuff than somebody else's, because they took more from this magic, one aplenty, now, let me just break it to the fools out there. If you don't make stuff, there's no stuff.

Yeah, so if you don't make the food, if you don't process the food, you know, transport the food,

and the

weather,

medical treatment, getting your teeth fixed.

There's no stuff,

I would become detached from reality.

You can't just legislate money and insult these things. If you don't make stuff, there is no stuff.

Obviously,

we'll run out of the stores run out of the you know,

the it's the hope the machine just grinds to a halt. But the initial thought on this virus, the real fear was that this was going to kill hundreds of 1000s if not millions of people instantaneously in this country it was going to do very quickly. If we didn't hunker down if we didn't shelter in place, if we didn't quarantine ourselves or locked down. Do you think that the initial thought was a good idea based on the perception that this was going to be far more deadly than it turned out to be?

Maybe I think briefly, briefly, briefly.

But I think if you know any, any kind of like sensible examination of what happened in China would lead your conclusion that that is obviously not going to occur. This this virus originated in Wuhan, there's like 100,000 people a day living on

it, that it.

It went everywhere, very fast.

throughout China, throughout the rest of the world,

and

you have a fatality rate was was low, don't you think though it's difficult to appreciate? It's difficult to filter, what the information is coming out of China,

to accurately really get a real true representation of what happened. The propaganda machine is very strong. Sure what the World Health Organization appears to have been complicit with a lot of their propaganda. The thing is that American companies have massive supply chains in China, like Tesla, for example, we have hundreds of suppliers, like tier 1234 suppliers throughout throughout China. So we know if they are able to make stuff or not. We know if they if they have issues or not, then they they're trying to is back back at full steam.

And until many

pretty much every US company has some significant oversupply in China. So you know, you know if they're able to

provide things or not or if as you know, high mortality rate like Tesla has 7000 people in China, so where zero people died. Hmm, sure.

Okay, so that's a real statistic that's coming from Yeah, yeah. You know, most people, yeah, we literally run payroll. Do you think there's a danger of this? Like, saying folks

They're still there. Do you think there's a danger of politicizing this, whereas becomes like opening up the country's Donald Trump's? It's his goal. It's his and then anything he does is sort of there's there's people that are going to oppose it, and come up with some reasons why he's wrong, particularly in this climate where as we're leading up to November, and you know, the 2020 elections, do you think that this is a real danger in terms of public's perception that Trump wants to open it up? So the knee jerk oppose it, because they oppose Trump?

I think there has been some

political, this has been politicized.

You know, both directions, really. So it's,

which, which is not great.

Yeah, but like I said, Separate apart from that, I think there's the question of like, where do civil civil liberties fit in this picture? You know? Yeah. And what what can the government make you do? What can they make you not do? And what? What's what's okay, right.

And

yeah, I think we went too far.

Do you think it's one of those things where once we've gone in a certain direction, it's very difficult to make a correction? Make an adjustment to realize like, Okay, we thought it was one thing. It's not, it's not good, but it's not what we thought it was going to, it's not what we feared. So let's, let's back up and reconsider. And let's do this publicly, and say we were acting based on the information that we had initially, that information appears to be faulty. And here's how we move forward while protecting civil liberties, while protecting what essentially this country is founded on, which is a very agreed upon amount of freedom. Yeah, that we respect and appreciate? Absolutely. Well, I think we're rapidly moving towards opening up the country, it's going to happen extremely fast over the next few weeks.

So, yeah.

Something that'll be helpful just add from an informational level is

when reporting

sort of COVID cases to separate out diagnosed with COVID versus had COVID like symptoms? Yes. Because the list of symptoms that could be covered at this point is like a mile long. So it's like hard to, if you're ill at all, it's like you can be covered. So just just to give you a better information, definitely diagnosed with COVID or had covered like, symptoms, were conflating those two, so that we weren't that it looks bigger than it is. Then, if somebody dies is, was was COVID a primary cause of the death or not? I mean, if I mean, if somebody has COVID gets eaten by a shark,

we find their arm their arm has COVID

It's gonna get recorded as a COVID death is that real? Not basically not that bad, but heart attack strokes get hit by a bus cancer if you if you get hit by a bus could go to the Google the hospital and die and they find that you have covered you will be recorded as COVID Why would they do that though?

Well, right now that so you know, the road is hell is the road to hell is paved with good intentions is mostly paid with bad intentions, but there's, you know, some good intentions pavingstones in there too.

And the the stimulus bill that was intended to help

with hospitals that were being overrun with with with code patients created an incentive to record something as good as COVID that is

difficult to say no to especially if your hospitals going bankrupt for lack of other patients. So the hospitals are in a bind, right now. There's a bunch of hospitals or they're following doctors, as you were mentioning, they're, you know, they're your hospitals have full your it's hard, hard to make ends meet. So now you've got like, you know, I just check this box and get $1,000

Put them on a ventilator for five minutes to get there. You might as low as

that or I gotta fire some doctors. So what's the what's this? This is tough moral quandary? Is it what are you gonna do?

That situation we have no.

What what's the way out of this? What do you think is like if, if you had the president's ear or if people wanted to just listen to you openly? What do you think is the way out of this? Let's let's clear up the data, clear up the data. So, likes that. So make sure we record is covered only if it is somebody has been tested,

has received a false positive COVID test not if they simply have symptoms. One of

Like 100 symptoms? And then if, if it is a COVID death, it must be separated was this was COVID a primary primary reason for death? Or did they also have stage three cancer or heart disease, emphysema and got hit by bus. And headcode.

You have read all this stuff about the about them,

diagnosing people as a COVID death, despite other variables. This is not this is not a this is not a question. This is what is occurring.

And where are you reading this from? Where are you getting this from? The public health health officials have literally said this is not this is not a question mark. Right. But this is never This is unprecedented, right? Like if someone had the flu, but also had a heart attack, they would assume that that person died of heart attack. Yes. Yeah. So this is unprecedented is this because this is such a popular? I don't want to use that word the wrong way. But that's what I mean, a popular subject.

And financial incentives. Yes. And like so this is not some sort of in moral statement of sort of hospital administrators. It's just they're in it. They're in a tough in a tough spot here. They actually don't have enough patience to pay everyone for it to without following furloughing doctors and firing staff. And, yeah, they're running, potentially going bankrupt. So. So then they're like, Okay, well, the stimulus bill says, If you know, we get all this, you know, wanting if we say

if they've ever to cover death, I'm like, Okay. They coughed before they died.

In fact, that they're not even diagnosed as COVID. They simply if you had weakness, a cough, shortness of breath, like, frankly, I'm not sure how you die without those things.

Yeah, yeah. But there's so many different things that you could attribute to COVID to there's so many symptoms, there's diarrhea, headaches, dehydration, yeah. Cough. Yes. But to be clear, you don't even need to have gotten a COVID diagnosis, you simply need to have had one of many symptoms, and then have died for some reason. And it's

COVID.

So then it makes the death count look very high. And then we're then stuck in a bind, because it looks like the death count super high and not going down like it should be. And now, so then we should keep whatever, you know,

keep the Shelter in Place stuff there and keep people in their homes, you know, confined people's homes. So we need to break out of this. This. We're stuck in a loop. Yeah. And I think the way to break out of this loop is to have clarity of information.

Clarity of information will certainly help but altering perceptions, public perception, from people that are basically in a panic, there's a lot of essentially, well, at least a month ago, we're clearly in a panic. I mean, right word. Yeah. You know, when you look around April 5, April 6, people were really freaking out. But here we are. May. And may people are relaxing a little bit. Yes, they're realizing okay. I actually know a couple of people that got it. It was just a cough. And I know some people that got it where nothing happened. I know a lot of people who got it.

And it was zero people who died died. I made it by No. Yeah. A lot of people got it.

Yeah, it's it's not what we feared. We feared something much worse. That's correct. So the adjustments difficult to make. So you said, first of all, we need real data. You need just parse out the data? Don't Don't lump it all together. Yeah. If you give, if you give people just parse out the data better, clear, clear information.

About like said, Was this an actual COVID diagnosis, or was it a? Did they get the test? And it could test came back positive? Or do they just have some symptoms? Just parse those two out? And then parse out just if somebody died? Did they die? What did they put that they even have a COVID test? Or did they just have one of many symptoms? Like Like, like how do you die without weakness? I don't know. If it's impossible, basically. Yeah. Good point. If you're gonna die, you're gonna have shortness of breath weakness, and you might cough a little.

So So was it quantified? What was it? Yeah, that person that did they actually have a COVID test? And the tests come back positive. And then if the if they died, did they die? Where where COVID was, it doesn't have to be the main course. But it was a significant contributor to their death, or was it not a significant contributor to the death?

Right, it's not as simple as just because you had COVID COVID killed you?

Definitely not right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, people die all the time. They have like

flu and other colds and we don't say that they died of those flu and other colds, but that's what's so weird. It's so popular. And I use that word in a weird way. But it's so popular that we've kind of forgotten people die of pneumonia every day. Yeah, people die of the flu didn't take a break. Oh, COVID got this. I'm going to sit this one out. I'm going to be on the bench. I'm going to wait until COVID is done before I jump back into the game of killing people know the flu is still here killing people. Every year in the world several 100,000 People die directly of the flu. Yeah, not not tangentially right. Not every 61,000 in this country last year. Yeah. And we're only 5% of the world. And then there's cigarettes. So oh man cigarettes, that cigarettes will really kill you. That's a weird one. Right? We're we're terrified of this disease that we're projected could potentially kill 100 If not 200,000 Americans is here with cigarettes kill 500,000 and you don't hear a peep out of any politician there's no one running for Congress is trying to ban cigarettes there's no one running for Senate that wants to put some education plan in place it's gonna stop cigarettes in their tracks. Yeah, I mean

longtime elected several years ago, when maybe long 1010 years ago. I helped make a movie called Thank You for Smoking. Oh, I saw that yeah

it

yeah

yeah, it's crazy.

Smoke. Barbecuing your lungs is bad just bad news isn't it's not not good. Yeah. Turning your lungs and smoked smoked beef and not great

so yeah.

Tylenol so by the way he also kills a lot of people. What is the number of Tylenol every year? I'm not sure the exact number but I believe it until the opioid crisis I believe Tylenol was the number one killer of all drugs because wow. Basically it's a if you have if you get drunk and take a lot of Tylenol

acetaminophen essentially your it causes liver failure.

So severe would like get get wasted and then like have a headache and pop it.

Gardens. Wow. Yeah. Curtains is a funny word. Yeah. You know, so But nobody's like,

raging against Tylenol. Yeah. It's weird, except acceptable. deaths are weird. And that's the real the slippery slope about this people shaming people for wanting to go back to work, you know, and other people are gonna die. Well, if you drive, drive ugly, you should stop driving because people die from driving. So, you know, definitely should fill up all the swimming pools, because like 50 people die every day in this country from swimming. So let's not swim anymore. What is the really dangerous need to chop down all the coconut? Water? Coconuts kill 150 people every year? Yes. Cut down on the coconut trees. We need those people? Yes. It's at a certain point in time. It's like,

yeah, we're vulnerable. And we're also we're also we have a finite existence, no matter what we do. Nobody lives forever. Right. I mean, the I mean, I think you want to look at say das as like the, but for this disease, whatever, they would have lived X number of years. Yeah. You know, so

you know, if somebody dies when they're, they're 20 and cut a little ad they lost 60 years. But if somebody dies when they're 80, and they might live till 81. They lost one year? Yes. So it's it's like how many life years were lost is a probably the right metric to use. I don't read my own comments. But I do read other people's comments. And I was reading this one little Twitter beef that was going on, where someone was saying that COVID takes an average of 10 years of people's lives, and we should appreciate those 10 years, and then someone else said not true. I'm sure it's not true. Yeah, definitely the Twitter. But someone else said, the average age of people who die from COVID is older than the average age people die.

It's very, let's just say it's like, it's about the same. That's a beautiful way of looking at it. I mean, it's, it's unfortunate. It sucks. But it sucks if Grandpa dies of Alzheimer's, or emphysema or leukemia, it sucks. It sucks when someone you love dies. Yes. But I'm I mean actually if this I think a lesson to be taken here that I think is quite important is that if

if you have your great great grandparents and their grandparents really be careful with

with with

you know, any kind of flu or cold or something that that wouldn't is not dangerous to kids or young adults but it is dangerous to to help the ill

really is it basically if if your kid's got a runny nose, they should stay away from their grandparents.

No matter what it is, it's it's the things that are where young immune system is, has no problem and older one has a problem. And in fact, a lot of the lot of the deaths are just are literally it's, it's tragic, but they're their entire family. It's the, you know, the

little little kid had had a, you know, cold or flu. And

yeah, the family gathering, and they don't know that this is a big deal. But it's, it's just important to remember when you get older, your immune system is just not that strong. And, and so just be Be careful with your, with your loved ones are elderly. And I think there is some true objective understanding of the immune system and the ways to boost our immune system. And I really think that that that information should be that should be distributed, in a way a non judgmental way. But like, look, this is, this is a way that we can all like this is a scientifically proven way that we can boost our immune system, and it might save your life, and it might save the life of your loved ones. And maybe we could teach this to our grandparents and our parents and the people that are vulnerable. You know, vitamin C, heat shock proteins, all these different variables that we know contribute to a stronger immune system.

Yeah, actually, just

I think that that is is is tough.

Like when you as you get older, it's it's hard to be you put 10 to put on weight. Yeah, suddenly that's happening with me. You know, like, as the older I get like them, it's harder to stay lean. That's for sure.

And so actually being being overweight is is a big deal. Yeah, just a fact. We'll, yeah, the New York Hospital said it was the number one factor for severe COVID symptoms was obesity. Number one factor. Is that it? That's Yes, exactly.

But it's also we live in a world where people want to be sensitive to other people's feelings. Yeah, absolutely. Don't want to bring up the fact that being fat is bad for you. So judgment on your foods Great. Yeah, I do love food. Yeah, I mean, I mean, to be totally frank. I mean, just speak for myself. I I'd rather eat tasty food and live a shorter life.

Yeah, those moments of enjoying a great meal. Yeah. And then even talking about they're valuable. They're worth something. Yeah, it's not we don't want to eat Soylent Green and live to be 160.

Tasty if it's great, yes. Things about life. It really is. Yeah, it's an art form as well. It's like, fine food. Is it's a it's a it's a delicious sandcastle. It's temporary. It doesn't last very long. But there's something about it. That's very pleasing. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, I don't know what what what advice to give like, maybe smaller, haven't tasty food with smaller amounts of it. Yeah. Yeah. And I think regulated feeding Windows really the way to go some sort of an intermittent fasting approach? Sure. When I started doing that, I

found myself to be quite a bit healthier when I've deviated from that have gained weight. So what's what, 16 hours? 16 hours? Yeah. So like at night or? Yeah, so I get to a certain point, and then I count out, I usually hit the stopwatch on my phone. And then I look at 15 hours. Oh, okay. Got an hour before I can eat. Yeah. And so, anything in between that just water or coffee? Actually, you know, like, this was maybe a useful bit of advice for people. But eating before you go to bed is a real bad idea. And actually negatively affects your sleep. Yeah. And it can actually cause heartburn that you don't even know it's happening. And that subtle heartburn, it affects your sleep because you're you're horizontal and your body's digesting. So if you want to improve the quality of your sleep, and

you know, be be healthier, it's it's do not eat right before we go to sleep. Yeah, it's like one of the worst things you could do. I had some of the biggest mistakes I've ever made. I've done that, particularly after comedy shows and I'm starving to come home and I'll eat and then I go to bed and I just feel like shit. Wake up in the middle of the night. It's gonna it's gonna crush your sleep and it's gonna it's gonna damage your pilot pyloric sphincter and your esophagus and it's so in fact, drinking and then going to sleep is actually one of the worst things you could Yes.

So, just try to avoid drinking

Buying and and eating booze. Yeah, exactly.

You know,

small amounts of alcohol that evidence suggests it's not doesn't have a

negative effect I put on the same categories delicious food, it kind of makes things a little more fun. Yeah, I like it. I mean, some of the some of the people who have lived the longest, you know, it was a woman in France, who I think maybe has the record or close to it, and she had a glass of wine every day every day, you know? Yeah. Small, small amounts is fine.

But

yeah, this is like, I live this like quite late in life. It's like just avoid having alcohol and avoid eating at least two or three hours before going to sleep and your quality of life will your quality of sleep will improve your general health will improve a lot? For sure. Since this is a it's a big deal and I think not widely not widely known. Do you have time to exercise?

A little bit.

Do it trainer anything? I do although I haven't seen

for a while but

yeah, especially if I'm out like

you know say we're working on starship for something South Texas, and I'm just living my life. I got a little little house there in Boca Chica village.

Don't have much to do. So we're like, I'm working and I was just lifting weights or something. You know?

Maybe I like I don't tell you I love running. I don't love running.

But what do you like to do exercise wise?

To be totally frank, I wouldn't exercise at all if I could. But if I prefer not to exercise, but if we want to exercise, you know, lift, lift some weights and

and then kind of run on the treadmill. And like maybe watch a show that you know if if if there's a compelling show that like pulls in, right, right, right. Yeah, that's a good thing to do. Yeah. watch a good movie, or Yeah, episode of Black Mirror or something. Like that's great, man. Don't watch black mirror before go to bed either. Don't watch Black Mirror today. It's too fucking accurate. Yeah, exactly. It's like, Wait, that's already happened in real life. Yeah, they're too close. It's too close. Well, even didn't Jamie Didn't you say that? The guy who makes Black Mirror?

Off? Yeah. You said it's not a good time to start season six. Yeah, he wants to hold off because reality is nailed it is black mirror. Oh, man. It's like he's gonna have to like re reassess. And attack it from a different angle. Yeah, you should try something that's fun to do. That's not just like, like, learn a martial art or something like that. I did martial arts when I was kid.

I did. Taekwondo. I did karate. Kyokushinkai. Cool. And judo.

I'll see you. You really branched out? Yeah.

So

did Brazilian Jiu Jitsu briefly Did you? Were in Palo Alto? Really? Yeah. Oh, no shit. I was gonna suggest that that's a great thing for people. Like that's the thing about jujitsu. If you look at it from the outside, you think Oh, bunch of meatheads strangle each other. But there's some of the smartest people I know are jujitsu fiends because they they get they first of all, they get introduced to it. Because usually either they want to exercise or learn some self defense. But then they realize that it's essentially like a language with your body. Like you're having an argument with someone with some sort of a physical language. And it's really complex, and the more access to vocabulary, and the sharper Your words are, the more you'll succeed in these ventures. It's really also an accurate analogy of what jiu jitsu is. Yeah, I mean, I kinda, I mean, probably like a lot of people. By the way, early day, the first MMA fights and hoist Gracie. And he's just like, incredible. Like, it's like, meek. Yeah, he was like, you know, winning against people way bigger. And like, I think this was cool. It was what martial arts were supposed to be when we were kids. Yeah. When you saw Bruce Lee fuck up all these big giant guys like wow, martial arts allow you to beat someone far bigger and stronger than most of the time. That's not real, especially if they know martial arts.

Oh, no. Yes. But in the UFC when hoist Gracie off of his back was strangling Dan seven with his legs. Yeah, holy shit. Yeah, this guy's being pinned by this big giant wrestler and he wraps his legs around his neck chokes him to the point the guy has to surrender. Yeah, amazing. Yeah, it was amazing. I mean, horse got beaten up pretty bad in some of those. Well, he definitely had some rough fights, but he won. He won. Yeah, he's a legend.

And but what it showed, and I mean, I'm a huge lover of jujitsu, what it showed is that there is a method for, for defusing these situations with technique and knowledge. Yeah. And I think it's also a great way to exercise too, because it's almost like the exercise is secondary to the learning of the thing that the exercise is like you want, like, and you want to develop strength and conditioning just so that you can be better at doing the thing. And the analogy that I use is like, if you imagine if you had a race car, and you could actually give the race car better handling and more horsepower, just from your own focus and effort. Sure. That's really what it's like. Yeah, yeah.

When am I gonna? My kids I should say, my I sent my kids to jujitsu since they were like, I don't know six. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Well, yeah. It's a great thing to learn. It really is like a good yes. Yeah. Maybe something like I mean, even if you just have someone who hits the holes, the pads for you, or you get a workout in and it'd be fun.

When am I going to be able to buy one of them Roadsters, ones that happen? Well, I can't, you know,

say exactly when but

we got to get it. You know, those

COVID things kind of thrown us for a loop. I'm sure so

not to blame everything on the COVID but

you know, certainly set us back on progress for some number of months.

The I mean, things were gonna get get done. I had a roadster our you know, ramping up model Y production that that'll be a great great car it is a great car getting the Berlin giga factory built

and also building why getting expanding the Shanghai factory which is going great.

And

get the the cybertruck semi truck roadster

roadster is kind of like dessert. So, like we got to get the, you know, meat and potatoes and greens and stuff. Like, but roaster comes before cybertruck

I mean, I think we should do cybertruck First before before before that no matter that some of the things roadster there you know the tri motor plan powertrain, we're going to have that in Model S. So that's like one of the ingredients that's needed for roadster is the plaid powertrain. The more advanced bet you know, battery bank, that kind of thing. I wanted to ask you about this before I forgot what there's a company that's called apex is taking your Tesla's and they're giving it a wider base and wider tires and a little bit more advanced suspension. Sure. How do you feel about that?

Those people Yeah, I mean, just

go ahead. Jazz and stuff up with carbon fiber and doing a bunch of interior choices. You're cool with you can't fuck with that. You don't have time. So is it good that someone comes along and has a sort of specialty operation? Yeah, good. No problem. That's what's called right. It's like jamming. Is it called apex? Yeah, I gotta unplug performance s apex. That's right. Unplugged performance. Yeah, yeah. You could for sure.

Lighten the car up and improve tire traction. And have you seen that company stuff? What they do? I don't know if specifically but it there's it's pretty dope. Yeah, they make a pretty dope look. And they take Model S and they widen it and give it a bunch of carbon fiber. That's it right there. Go. Ooh, la la. That's pretty nice. Yeah.

Now the the plaid version of the Model S Are you are you going to widen the track and doing a bunch? Do a bunch of different that I know you guys are testing at the Nurburgring cannot talk about that? Well, I think we got to leave that for like a proper sort of product to unveil. I understand. Yeah, I understand. Last time you were here. You convinced me to buy a Tesla. I bought it and it's fucking insane. Oh, great. Great. Like

I don't it's not just pretty fun. It's like, I the way I've described it as it makes other cars seem stupid. They just seem dumb. Like I love dumb things. I love dumb cars. Like I love campfires. Yeah, I love campfires. I have a 1993 Porsche that's air cooled. Sure. It's like really? It's not that fast. It's really slow compared to Tesla. Yeah. It's really quite slow. But yeah, but there's something engaging about the mechanical just like the gears and it's very, it's very analog. But it's so stupid in comparison to the Tesla like when I want to go somewhere and the model lasts I hit the gas and just goes we just like violates time. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

try to like ludicrous plus and stuff. Oh, yeah. Cool. Yeah, we did just did a software update where it will do like a cheetahs dance. So, yeah, so it's it because it's got dynamic air suspension. So it lowers the back. Oh, Jesus. It just like a like a sprinter. Basic, right. Like, what do you do if you're a sprinter you hunker down and then? So I shaved like a 10th of a second or 36. I mean, like, you know, it's pretty fun itself. I've taken so many people and I might take them for the Holy shit moment. I'm like, You ready? Like, hang on there and then a stomp on the gas and I've never felt anything like it. It's confusing. Yeah, it really is. The instant torque the instant torque and just the sheer acceleration is baffling is baffling. It's baffling. I've never felt it. No, and faster than falling. It's crazy. It's so fast. It's a roller coaster. Yeah. And my family yells at me. When I stopped the gas. Like I tell the kids I'm like, you want to feel it? You want to feel like do it. Do it. Do it. My wife's like, don't do it.

Yeah, and even if I just do it on the highway for a couple of seconds. Exciting. Yeah, it's very it's like having a roller coaster on tap. You know, it really is like a roller coaster on top. Yeah, without the loop de loops, but it's the pitting to your seat. It seems like you're not supposed to be able to experience that from some sort of a you know, consumer vehicle that you can just a regular person could buy if you have the money. It seems too too crazy. And then the idea of this roadster is a half of a second faster than that. Yeah, that's madness. Well that roads with a roadster we're going to do some things that are kind of unfair. So we're gonna take some things from like, you know from Cadillac rock rocket world and put them on a car so Oh, I read about that. Explain that. Like what do you like said we can talk to avail right here but but it's gonna do some things that are unfair. And the way we do the unveil the Roadster. Let me just say that anyone who's been waiting, they won't be sorry. Yes, they won't be sorry. Oh, sure. Well, he goes, zero to 60. It was 1.9. Is that the there's 60 That's the base model. That's

what's the top of the food chain model? Okay, okay, go faster than that. It's just a faster. Yeah, that seems so crazy to me. Now, what was it like when the dude through the steel balls at the window? And they were supposed to not break and it broke?

Well, yeah, I mean.

are, you know that our demos are authentic?

So I was not expecting that. And I and then I think I muttered under my breath.

You didn't get mad though. No, you didn't Steve Jobs it?

No, I definitely swore. But I didn't think the micro pick it up. But it did.

And it's so like, we practice this, you know, behind the scenes. Yeah.

It hasn't. We don't do we don't do like tons of practice. For our demo. It's because we work. We're working on the cars, like we you know, we're building new technologies and proving the fundamental product. So we're not spending like doing like hundreds of, you know, practice things or anything like that. We don't have time for that. But the app just hours before the demo. Both brands is Head of Design, and Andrew and I were in the studio thrown steel balls at the window is bouncing right off. Like okay, let's see, it's pretty good. Seems like we got it. Okay.

And then we think what happened was that when we went when France hit the door with the sledgehammer, you know, start like, like this is this is like, yeah, exoskeleton, you know, high strength hardened steel, you can literally take wind up with a sledgehammer, you know, full on double handed sledge hammer, and hit the door, and there's not even a dent is cool.

But we think that that cracked the corner of the glass at the bottom. And then once you crack the corner of the glass that just came over. So

then when you threw the bowl that that's what cracked the glass, so

it didn't go through it. That's true. That's true. It didn't shatter the whole thing, like a regular window would eat it, which would just dissolve. Right? So in hindsight, the ball should have been first Sledgehammer sec. Yeah. Yeah, you live you learn. Exactly. Listen, man. We've taken up a lot of your time you had a child. Yeah, got it recently. It's amazing that you had the time to come down here. And I really appreciate that. I appreciate everything you do, man. I'm glad you're out there. And I really appreciate you coming down here and sharing your perspective. Well, I think you've got a great show. Thanks for having me on. Thank you. My pleasure. My pleasure. Elon Musk, ladies and gentlemen.

Good night.
