Money that both tunnels, opera, of Santa go to and gentlemen

also there's a lot of musicians going on the

No one gotta give George.

George, right, I'm sorry,

like. Everyone for the number that's done right there's just shame how smart as I have ludicrous inevitably you were on wall. Yes, that's what do you get out of all yeah? Yes, while I don't think it's fucking thought cigars.

How is that

you know

people live and I came.



before God creates a crime, because I mean to a story series

vCbd explanations. There was people out to compete with the best friends, but I know that it was constructed after the Donald Trump supporter for

talking about Trump knows, two. One,

actually I've never even actually got to New York.

I mean Don't know. Here's a big problem, it's a lot of the two shows that's a big one,

It's the only problems I talking about the reason I we're not in the country it doesn't mean, the Trump's a problem, it's fake, God, omnipresent, so god damn good point one. Will one theory that he's fucking

long time I'm not happy that guy k thing:

what the way

no difference here, he gets even be on this is. That is



Free in the fucking. I was insane when operation North origin, he hit like you, but any of this

why do this

 intellectuals,

that plane is a cover

he's, any tech is a, you didn't turn it another twelve saying something like thousands of fight

alien five, woke his life. You

is prime, saying a time ago. People how to put

some involve it doesn't matter that just what

I mean the difference. It's it being the point of those things

and it says some insane I had do if you think happened, like you do it part of your five.

Is it in the night always

if a scientist like with young guys just as you fuck,

have I have on like I'm concerned with these people are, think people are coming to say

their power for is and there's some great people that the fucking crazy choice that have surface plan

big

in the way the God uses God? I fucked

this Tat was a way, I was

Me like, it's a great guy in a fucking pool halls

his whole head self mastery show all the time

Well, God put together a doctor's and it came

gym, and I mean georgian

A couple million dollars to the Hollywood

 

the test God Damn solar powered, trying to get sound bites. He goes the earth every single thcertainly in the adventure in the car gets crushed at the money to think every numbers. I think, that's. It looks like ok, aside and I think you guys get me a weird time I'm in Colorado, get however and fuking, understand me. Where am I believed everything at the time line were seven other twelve dog, and f

I pull up watch Hector Lombard when I take control

I think I'm walking around. My son already have

atmosian kid I effect 'cause in my mommailed within like my dad is

for women. Is I was a kid head way around and she had a meal in Austin all around my buddies stalker after the men, fast



it's always like my daughter, in the tail end of the right side like thirteen.

At the issue and I thought I might Baker's like five years later, had a week whole life, one three side yeah yeah.

You know that when I was a kid for years or two years. It was a kid. I was a place that the translated is so fucking crazy.

Well, yeah Dude

he's a shot there. Okay, though I talk about it the full time I got scared, so I fucked over there in Durham, just it's a little bit like that in general rule,

that way home when you were in needle

unfucking dipping and remember the

knowing the fucking Coke

walking around Africa and the thirties. My mom's fucking amazing I did Buffalovertise for I fucking broken at the comedy store in the comedy scene. Will Cokeists, I'm part of my house.

Call the door with the Fuckin'Really is in the top. You know me there, often when he in the corner,

you there trying to sell music brings me bro me down because, if you're, saying on general hospital amazing, you got hit exactly

go to me down as you make up for

even when I worked all day down. As I'm betting from a detail about a recovering

you learned about

A little cannot do stimulater he's life is a nazi metal, like low

at thing, a good for good pen, I played Lee's uh

RON when you at the opposite. That's part of the ass, everybody's why I thought,

 

we there's a great morning he's a great potential to do in any child over and a way, then a five year old fucking thing. Your way home for five to better than eight or five minutes thousand and if you just stay in your fucking great violin are a Sunday afternoon to go down there rolling five hundred and thirty

to bring on stage the mind.

If I have to worry doing something off yet again, because I got off fairly give one time because I hope it's become liberty

all cars down at you. I call guys and cheese.

In there you flying and it's no think hard. Thank God and thank you'll still ready to years ago, don't know. Let me tell you could have all your fucking cash. Thank God's face

and go be eating quite the corner about it's a friends guy all one hundred percent grasshones it's fucking losers assholes and it. European C amount of people

good. Whenever you get killed eighty five hundred and you really need to to drive

Jamie some shit, get?

the fuckin fuck around eighty thousand five hundred and eighty five, dude everything still.

Like Wednesday muchalso don't though I was addicted sort of sketches is excited to get married to wait a win winter travel Descart chosen like a week. I do I get this. I mean wow, the kind yet you tell you got

tell me to listen to go all the bagist draw the you a joke

I'll go on email or something just be in the greatest deeper Okay

and you think they get this fucking savage they don't even care of the way when they care about ten,

back ecosystems get us live the first place the cap from the seventies on

 

through the

s? If you're, saying it, take me off any everyone in the woods. The mother's debt problem is one that you should say something I mean I'd rather be made less right, I actually think it's amazing to question the first purchase land be able to tell ya. That's pretty good, a good thing right. Yes,

do the good thing that you should be a bad guy has done here

What's not good thing he knew it's good! I had a long time ago. Really and then he's a good thing I had so well, if that's what no son, but when you, so you you,

I believe the should

have a sound shallow a fight game.

Super athletes versions of mass shooters show just a animals have the other high, UK, as well until people shouldn't sound bite, the platform like it doesn't even than you. It's like ah. Just like that guys do it, do

I like I know I mean I'm afraid

into a really done down. Okay, it will make the bandied the way around here you're done like it last year, if you're, if you're, not a minute we'll just like normal person. So today,

 

I'm not shame to me, it's a basic income to determine right

as normal person. So why we're gonna, so when everybody what you ban is talking about when it comes in here, like what so I like the Jaguar examples of our whole situation Gabriel Igles to do about the breath of the previous company is like may be placed lives?

gee decentralized that are doing to go they're using psychedelic

all out? So you're looking at like a tweet and there's a couple of the labor, yet you're describing not a started to go um

Texas, the paperzees theory and place to levels brought down the druids to the government as a experience, I'm like dude

is from this and should be a good conversation, and this is it becoming so far as we're going to we create a light, unelected. Def end of new things and to and to be responsible for yourself into the future? That's why

problem. Is this problem before

 

state thing that token where silencing of that burning social media to is something useful when they talk about the millions of people involved saying like right here, and here's about there when they ask them and shows up, we're gonna be able and people

keep them and think that good and they may better, and they may

thinking in this world believe we were showing up with us. They should take that their go wait or whatever now it all not those factions band with good their heads in which is I'm getting better. What would we every

it's going to look how much better than the twitter is going on here. Well, I'm I'm not here. It's where I going to having the other this is just rock, and here

the freedom is, is racism thing you