I got picked to that fucking monkey. So this morning for breakfast. What's that? We'll send you those type of pictures anymore. But oh, that's the picture you sent me. Yeah, that that girl's lovely private parts. Oh, that's the best name for a vagina monkey.

I send them to everybody to presidents of corporations cops on Monday, happy Monday.

Everybody's days a lot better. started down the right foot, especially presidents of corporations, people that you imagine if you had to work in a fucking office for your whole life as old as we are. Now. If we were in an office since the time we were like 2324 years old, right at school, just every day buttoned down. Try not to say anything that's gonna get you in trouble. Just trying to fucking make it to five o'clock and then immediately go to a bar and talk shit with your friends. And then do it all over again on Monday.

I time it so I know you're in a meeting.

I know that you're in a meeting with eight white dudes are real serious about you know, numbers have to be up statistics. And I'll send you a phone rings. You can open it up. It's a picture of a woman's vagina. breaks up the whole morning like thank God Joey does exist because he understands what I'm going through.

That's tough. That's tough going to sales meetings. I used to go to sales meetings and they talk about dogs. Do you know what the Anthony Robbins things? Did you when I was a burglar? I want the Anthony Robbins to be a better burglar. No. And I ended up kidnapping a motherfucker. He said I walked on the coals. I was all in with Anthony Robbins. You do know this? Really? Because I worked for a Subaru dealership. So Subaru paid for you to go to Anthony Robbins seminars.

So they would give me like three bills for the day for per diem. I would go to Denver and do the Anthony Robbins seminar. You should be a Subaru spokesperson. Who's more loyal to Subaru than you. Nobody he fucking love Subarus love.

Love him. I just cannot. Because you lived in Boulder. I lived in Aspen. Yeah. And I saw vans. I saw every type of high level cause spinning around and you just lose control. And I did you ever lose control and Colorado? I didn't but I did a bunch of times. Yeah, it wasn't fun. It's not whenever you're driving in snow, it's touching go. You could get patches of ice. And then Colorado at night you got a thing called black ice. And, you know, I remember being I worked at the Crestwood. I was security and I had to pick people up at the airport at night. And I fucking did everything I could to get out of that job because when that I was in a van with people doing the speed limit, no alcohol, you know me I just hit black ice and the thing started spinning and you don't know where you're gonna land. But you have no idea I was with McGuire wire and I were on the way to the airport in Ohio and we crossed over a bridge and bridges where you get it because there's no ground underneath it so things freeze quicker. We went over this bridge just we just got lucky nothing happened. We both went all right.

 You know it stopped where we were facing the wrong way but there was no one on the road because it was early we're headed back to the airport. And we just got back in line and just like okay, I remember this I remember this like all sudden you got no power. You know I love German technology. I love the look of a lot of sport cars and everything like that. But when I there's been nights I've been I've 10 years ago I had a gig in Irvine. And it was raining one of those January in cotton California just coming down. I mean you couldn't see it in front of you and cause a bulldog and I'm doing 75 And why is it Subaru so good at that. Like what is the big deal about Subarus when I first started, which like I had never sold the car before I was a detailer. And I became a friend of the guy at Subaru. And he bust my balls every day. His name was Peter Pinto from Florida.

Little guy, he don't call Florida he went all the way up to Colorado to sell cars and he became mad I got I was properly introduced in those days. They gave you 1500 bucks the first month and they trained you for two weeks on cars. I knew nothing about the car. Like when you had that car in the in the actual fall off. You got rid of it because you're not a car guy. You're not gonna get up on Saturdays and go to the store and find the piece of 1966 converter. It just some people have that.

Tim Allen Jared Leto Gabriel, I love him for that. I don't have that gift. So when I was introduced to the super I'm like yeah, whatever. It's just another fucking car. And then I saw snowstorms. And I saw how people reacted to Subarus in Boulder it's either Subaru or fucking four runner. Yeah, that's it. That's it. So you know once the snow drops that September snowstorm it's super super was the first car that has an engine sideway

It's the engine isn't like usual cars. That was the secret about Subaru. The engine side it's it's, I've seen a few engines like that right? What do they call that in line?

Something like no in line is straight, right that's like a BMW, they have a word for it I have it's super technology started there. And then when I started selling the SuperS had a GL Titan I was really impressed with because what it let you do is, if you went up if you went up Lee Hill Road, okay, and you made the left to go down into your property.

And there was snow, you could press a button and the shock absorbers would fill up, and your car would rise above so you could go through the snow. So all those little things. The only night I had that way back then 1988 89 The GL 10s. The only knock Subaru had was that if you had a stick, you couldn't keep your hand out if you couldn't keep your hand on, right. So if I'm driving a stick, boom, I'm in two, two, and three, I got to kept my hand off it. I could only the clutch cable. That was the only knock they had. So the clutch cable would break. It would break if you kept your hand. I had one of those break on me once. Yeah, so you have to go one, then two, then three, then four. I had to actually break them twice. Once I got stuck in second gear and I managed to drive to a parking lot and get towed. That was in I had a 2005 or something like that 2004 2005 Porsche that just kept breaking.

The thing that kept breaking was that thing with the clutch and also the fuel pump. That was a GL 10 sedan I'm talking about the wagon to do to up wagon was just a brilliant automobile.

And then I started selling Toyota's those things are still on the road. They're still on the road, guys. And this is what I'm saying about the American dollar. I like the Subaru. Because I respect what they do with the American dollar. When do they give you a dollars worth for $1? All right, they really do for the American who's really looking for a fucking car to last I've gotten into Douglas Toyota, and have seen trucks with a half a million miles on it on a Toyota truck that says a lot. When you're an American, you're a construction guy, you know, you're putting in bids and bah bah, bah, do my fair to wind Smoking Tire. Do you know that to know that he's a big fan of yours. He loves comedy. He's he's got this great YouTube channel. 

It's all about cars. And they had a car a Lexus that they took to a million miles hit a million mile Lexus now who makes like set the end of the Toyota? What the fuck are we doing? That's what I'm saying. show when I had three Lexuses over the course of my life never had a single problem, zero problems. They just they just work didn't always work. They just work. All cars are so amazing. Now it's like the bar is set so high. That if you just get like us, like if you get a Mustang GT just a Mustang GT today, which is like, very reasonable. Like I think a Ford Mustang GT tell me how much one of those fucking things cost. But it's got performance that you couldn't even imagine 20 years ago, and it's probably under $50,000. It's probably 40 grand. How much of those

2626 26,000 Is that for the regular Mustang or the GT?

I typed in GT but it says regular. Okay, so that's the I think the regular one might have a six cylinder I'm not sure. I think they still do that. So I'm, I might be wrong about that premium fastback starts at 39. Okay, the, that's the one with the V eight, right? That's the coyote V eight. It's a five liter VA, fucking wicked powerful, like 460 horsepower. I mean, the power that you get with 40,040 $5,000 today, it's just insane. They keep getting better and better and better. It's like, where are they going to go with these? And the leases are great. Oh, yeah, the leases are great. Delete the deals that giving them and a buddy of mine just bought a car. He got a point and a half, whatever.

Interest rate, you know, four point, mediocre credit. It's a time to buy a car. Yeah, whatever the fuck you want. Cars are good. Now. That's the thing. It's like you can't make a shitty car anymore. Like America went through a time period. We just made dogshit cars. And everybody knew that they broke and everybody was like looking to buy American cars. You're gonna buy something that is gonna cost the same amount, but it's not going to last as long. And the Japanese just took the Germans they just took over. Then Lee Iacocca brought it back with the kei car. You know, it's the most hilarious country for cars. My people, the Italians, they never made a single car that's reliable. Remember, we had the conversation about my buddy who had the the Italian car he went and he went crazy. I'm gonna keep it in my roots. The car is still in his garage bro. Rusty, fucking the Bugatti or whatever the apparently the new ones you can drive like

A new one. They're actually reliable for two weeks. No, no, no, no. The new ones apparently, it's like everything else. They got to a point where they just had to have better electronics. Yes, I do. The triumph. We grew up on the Triumph the thing by Volkswagen. I don't remember that one thing by Volkswagen was a little van thing. It was a little van thing that that they're very there's like 10 left if you gotta think somebody will give you a million dollars really? They had a Subaru made a car called the job. That's it. Thing. Subaru made a call called the just the a three cylinder.

 Look at that just to beat just to compete with Hyundai when Hyundai came out with the mama bill and 87 Mahan they changed the game. And they came out with the estado whatever that little Ford dog car is 160 You don't want 50 down on 50 a month. Busted the car industry. Subaru. Pete everybody had to drop those tin cans just to compete those there was a lot of people driving those Hyundai's when they first came out. It was so cheap. A buddy of mine got 5150 A month. Yeah, all day long. A buddy of mine that I used to drive deliver papers with. And he was telling me he's like, look, look, these fucking Koreans man, when they get into something, they know what they're doing. Like if they're gonna jump into the car market that's a disciplined group of people.

 If they're gonna jump into the car market, they're gonna make a badass car. Well, listen, they're very reliable Mitsubishi for example, Mitsubishi. People hate Mitsubishi American why they hate Mitsubishi because Mitsubishi made the parts that were in the magnet that the Americans went up against them World War Two. Oh, really. So if you try to sell a fucking those, those guys are all gone. Knocking the rest in peace. But when you sold a car to a guy that did the reading on like there was certain Chrysler's that had Mitsubishi parts.

Ford had Mitsubishi parts on it because Mitsubishi is like the greatest biggest thing that car parts was so everybody has Mitsubishi parts on that car some belongs to Mitsubishi. So if you had a Mitsubishi you're a bad person. No no no no so when most some Americans old school veterans you know those guys that wear jackets with that with that when they come to see a car if you show them the Christ, a certain type of Christ, they go Nah, they got a Mitsubishi fucking 10 Watt tailpipe that makes sense because that's how pissed off they were about because the mags would shoot down an American to somebody with some I get a story thing. But then Mitsubishi got into business. Mitsubishi busted along and like the 80s late 80s They came out with that book and call the clips

remember the clips I remember that Yeah, little fucking car had a Mitsubishi at one point. I have a story on me that yeah, because they were cheap. You know, you go until you go into Toyota place to buy a toy that was your money. You didn't pay the bill speak to that Dodge used to sell their version of the story on it was the conquest. Dodge had the conquest TSI. And it was their version of the star and it was the same car it was one of the rare times in history where two car companies have the exact same car. The exact same car. One was the conquest what was the story on that?

 Was it Yes. Yay, that red one. Looks exactly like my buddy Jimmy did tell you Yeah, my buddy Jimmy had one exactly like that. When we were like 21 this is why it's very hard for a guy like me to fall for fat especially for cars. Because I've seen a lot of fat I've been Mizuki samurai how many motherfuckers killed this Zukie samurai was like the scooter you know these jerk boss at the school is today thinking that that go this is Sookie samurai came around and it started tipping over.

The thing started tipping over. But again, we tried to take quarters with a

sports theme weighed eight pounds. I had a friend tipping them over. They were made a fucking 10 And they want to be down you know 150 a month and for fucking an extra 25 hours that guy with a fan does he would die in these things. People would die and let the fuck yeah. They sell these in the Studio City. What is it? It's a electric car. That's like a one seater. It's got three wheel one seater Electra meccanica I don't know how to say it. I think that's it. Electric dad. It's crazy. And it's a one person car. Yeah, it's a

row, it doubles as a casket. That's what's great about that fucking car. Your family saves 10 G's by a casket. They just bury that fucking thing. But if you think about if you have to get around everywhere, it's just you most days and something like this is cheap. What is the difference between being in that and being in a big truck where all that fucking empty space you

walk in any fucking thing? You ever drive past one of these idiots and you had a light and you actually look at them.

and you're like you in his mind. He's thinking he's the coolest guy in the fucking world. That guy thinks he's fucking Ricky Gervais. That's actually a cool looking one. Look at that front squat hood scoop Joe That's a casket.

headlight? No, it's a hood scoop. Is that their high beams? I think it looks like headlights. But I think that's actually a real hood scoop for some strange plastic piece over. Yeah. What is that? It definitely is that clear plastic over? It's gonna be because it's inside, but I don't know. Crazy. That's like the RX 77 was a casket for two. Was it? Remember the Mazda?

Yeah, I fucking hated that cop. You know why? Because I was coming home on January 1. And I was one of the first people on the site.

And I was I don't know, I don't want to sad I was tripping on something. I was on some type of drug but I wasn't over the hill. I was still alert. And we were like, maybe the third car. And it was a Mazda that hit a pole. head on. And it was split down the middle all the way to the windshield and I get hit and girl yelling. Oh my god. And we were there. The fire department came ambulance, a couple heroes. him out. He was dead on arrival. They saw the car and that's why I don't like those little cars that gaskets. That stick gaskets. In those days and after that, I never gotten an RX seven my buddy that that was an RX seven. Were they the ones with the rotary engine?

I don't know as Mazda has. There's a sports car company that uniquely has a rotary engine. It's a different kind of engine. It's not like cylinders. Said it is Mazda? Yeah, they got a different kind of engine Jamaats is today. One of them. We've got more modern Mazda was in like 2000 Maybe? No, no, it was like 90s like before? Okay, it was before I moved to California. See, look at that thing. That's how the engine works.

Instead of having a bunch of pistons it's got this big fucking thing in the middle of it.

Like I wish I understood engines to know why this is that different. But appraisal engines have

real car people must be going crazy, right? I'm sorry.

I don't know shit. So we're watching this video that says Mazda RX seven rotary engine, how it works and it's describing

how it works is very strange video where you're watching this thing. rolling around inside of an oval looks like a big oval engine container. Very different.

But it's very fast. It was the one that this guy had I guess like I'm saying I'm think it's 93 or something like that. It was really fast. And it really handled really well too. But it was a very light car.

And these things are weird man. Like rotary engine. That's weird. Like how come nobody else adopted that just but looks like a badass watch. You know? See, I didn't have a car education. But by selling cars in Boulder I learned a lot now I forget that stuff. I'm not gonna lie to you because the the level of intelligence in Boulder from the university when they would come in the middle of Boulder let's at the end of the day University Colorado is where you go on to be an astronaut. You know, that is that was like that's that's heavy duty boulder that like a whole thing back there.

 So lets people move into town between them. And the Japanese that move there. They come to Subaru. And they ask very intelligent questions. Completely different than a guy like you, me or Jamie will ask the same with them. Yes, compared to what? Compared to what they that's what kind of questions, you know, velocity this that this and I'd have to find these answers for them.

Because they were like astronauts I'd have to go in, there was no computers and 80 Fucking eight like that I could go on. So I'd have to go on a brochure and really go into it. And then they take the calculator out those type of people. So that's why I remember learning as much as I could because it was so intelligent. When they'd come over, especially the Japanese guys. They couldn't speak their good English, but they would look at cars. What's this? What's the weight? That's what's really amazing if you stop and think about the creation of cars and how they've evolved and they keep getting better for a long time they did without the Internet. Long time some of the greatest cars ever created. Pre internet.

 You know, this, just think about all the various forms of sports cars and nine elevens all those different Corvettes that came out all that shit was before the internet. They were just looking at each other's pictures and looking at magazines and everyone's competing against

each other to have the best handling car the best looking car best fuel efficiency, things kept shifting over the years. Like for 10 years in America, they didn't make anything good. And for 10 years, what would he What were the what is the years from American Muscle cars when I say anything good I mean like something that like a muscle car lover other than the TransAm the trams ends with the exception to the rule TransAm they made some you know, those smoking the bandit cars so people to this day still want that was in the 70s. But from the 1960s Like, say 65 ish to like 70 America couldn't be touched. Those muscle cars are insane. 

They just kept pumping out cooler and cooler shapes. What did classic wing drive and what drove he drove in 1968 Fastback Mustang got a bad motherfucker Oh yeah, how bad a motherfucker. Well, it's a beautiful car. The design is the back end of a 68 Mustang is one of the most underrated forms in all of automotive design. That's a 68 Shelby, that's different that says GT 500 is a totally different shape. The Shelby had a completely different set of rear taillights.

 They altered Oh, quite a bit about the Shelby like the way it looks in the front end as well as regular 68 Mustang. It just has this beautiful like contoured rear end. Look at that. Look at that. That green card that is that's like a real modern looking like updated version of it real pretty, you know, with a phenomenal deep green paint job. But look how good that rear looks. That's what he drove.

 That's what he drove by the fucker. Look at that. That is Americana baby. Look at the tail end of that fucking vehicle man with the chrome and the chrome bumpers, and the red headlights and the black behind. Look at that fucking car, man. No seat belt. Will they had those ones around your waist to the back? waist? No, there's no seat belt about you bounced around like fucking rock back. How many? How many horsepower? Not that much. Not that much, man. A really powerful car back then had like 350 horsepower. Like, let's find out what was the 1968 GT 500 That was their most powerful one I want I'm gonna imagine this I'd like 400 horsepower.

Say 1968? Just Shelby GT. 500 horsepower. 1968 Shelby GT because that was their, what they would do they take it to Carroll Shelby. Cow, shall we take the regular Mustang? Just juice it the fuck up? More power better handling better looks.

Perfect. Yeah. Now who were they competing with? Like, what was? This is Ford. Right? Yeah, they were competing against the Camaro at this point. Because they made the car and the sort of the court that was like a little bit of a different category because it was a pure sports car where this car had back seats. So that's a 400 horsepower.

So to compare it to the Mustang of today, the regular GT forget about the new one. They have a new GT 500 that has like 760 horsepower. The new GT 500 goes zero to 60 in like three seconds. It's a monster. So are they making for that movie that just came out? That was Ford versus Ferrari. Oh, for the LeMans I don't know what it was for. I think it was Annabelle Reese. I didn't see what it was about. It was Shelby it was him making that car I think like they had Oh, really to make it or today's demand. Fucking I didn't. Well, probably for the movie. They got to stand up, right?

 I don't know. I told him. I thought they were race cars, though. I didn't think there were like these kinds of cars. There's like a GT car. Okay. I don't know, I guess is the GT 500. Maybe that's what it was for you. I think it's not even the GT 500 I think it's the GT 40 which is their race car. I think because I'm pretty sure I saw. I didn't see

myself. I think it's a different GT. I think it's their actual race car race car. But the new one this, Shelby has a new GT 500 For ridiculous car. It's faster around tracks than the new Corvette. They have a new Corvette this crazy, rear engined, mid engine, rather Corvette so newest Corvette, the best Corvette ever. And this GT 500 is even faster than that.

It's bonkers, right? GT 40. Yeah, it's a different kind of car. That's a car that's only for the racetrack. These guys have this beat. You could buy a Shelby GT 500 Today walk out of a dealer showroom. Hi. Hi. Do you know how to drive? Yes, sir. Here's my license. Like you don't have to hardly know shit. And they'll let you just drive home and one of the most preposterous automobiles ever offered to man. You can just go right into a Ford dealership. And if you have the I'm gonna say a Shelby GT $580,000 How much does that cost? But a brand new Shelby GT? 500 Wait, I gotta go pee pee already.

Okay,

How much would it cost? 72 Nine. That's crazy. 760 horsepower. So for 72 $73,000 You can buy a car that is so fast if you if you really can know that there's a difference between the speed of that and then the next car after that the next car that's more powerful. You really should be in jail. It's kind of cool. It has LCD Oh, it's dope is changing cluster for Yeah. Well, a lot of cars are doing that now because they can get so much more information in front of you instead of just a standard gauges. But do there's still something about them standard gauges either Mustang. electric car. Yes. Not bad. It's not bad at all. It's like a fat Mustang. Right? Yeah. It's interesting, right? They're using the Mustang name for other shit. 

Now. That's controversial. That could cause a problem. Why don't just come up with another name? That's not a Mustang. You know, that's not a Mustang. It's an SUV. Yeah. What about it makes it a Mustang if it's right. Why are you talking about doing that with Corvette to the Corvette could branch off and become a brand like Cadillac is you know, Cadillac is a brand. It's you know, it's synonymous with luxury. You think of Cadillacs, but it's a GM car. And if they decide to take the Corvette model and just make it a brand, and so have core dope SUVs like fast racy SUVs, fast racy four door sedans, whatever sells cars, man because did you see that Tesla is now valued at as much as GM and Ford together combined. Yeah. Oops, guys. Fucking dummies. He's a super genius. Just back off

it's hilarious, right? Yeah, so going up today, like, guy makes amazing cars. He makes amazing fucking cars. We're talking about Elon Musk Tesla's worth more today than what is it? What's the stock GM and Ford? It's like it's over 500 now but like the market value is there combined? Yeah. And everybody was saying it was gonna fall apart. I think it's a beautiful car guys, but I gotta give my time. Especially the self driving shit my buddy has

it's beautiful. He's got the electronic one.

Login. Which one? Oh, I don't know. Yeah, gorgeous. But he was telling me to go to San Diego stop in common city. Yep. and plug it in for 20 minutes and sit down like a bump on the blog. Yep, you do. You know there's just there's just so many different charging places. I took an Uber a couple of weeks ago I got in a car it was just amazing. That blew me away a fucking Honda Accord Hybrid so they're making everything a chord is that they make some nice accord now this car you get a Honda you get

Toyota some time that Toyota is much but Mitsubishi what's the other one? Hyundai when you close the door there's a lightness in the metal.

That's where you see the you know, there's a lightness like Julie closes a certain way when I get a new Porsche. I like clothes. That's that makes a certain noise you know it's noise we view you never been in my little tiny one. I got a 1993 964 it's a real light car but metal in it is so much thicker, thicker any metal

just stores like a chunk. When you close the door chunk. Like you could feel the weight to it you feel when you tap the fenders to there's no give. It's a different structure. Totally different. So I was blown away by the Honda Accord I bread you know what we're playing paying for gas. I mean, it's just a great little car. I'm looking at a couple of different options. I was in Huntington Beach and you're thinking about going away from Subaru. Adding something to my collection just because I need to get I gotta fucking I've always said you need a Cadillac. You should add a Cadillac.

 Badass, you should be a Cadillac gave me a ride. Last week I was in Huntington Beach and I took a special Uber spell. And it was that Cadillac and he told me exactly how he got it. What the scam is with them how to do it. He has he hasn't had a problem. The battery died and that's the that's their main night. The batteries die one day you wake up I gotta go to the commies.

I'll fucking choke you Joe Rogan. A joke. I get in my Subaru the battery's never dead. I wonder if they're more reliable now. I don't know anything about him. I've never owned one but I've rented a ton of luck and gorgeous. That's a gorgeous car. And when you said that, was that? It's Yes. That's the CTS CSV. Is that what road? Yes. That's a beautiful fucking car man. Look at that front end. The design is so it's so interesting. It's after I left here the last time or the last two times a guy reached out and said he would give me one. You need a Cadillac 560 a month to lease zero down on taking. Joey I want to see you strolling around in the Cadillac. I would love it bump and Biggie.

factor

in the Super I love that I have people like why are you driving a lesbian car

and it hurts my feelings like why are you driving a Lesbian? Lesbian cards or pocket Subaru you love a reliable car I respect that about you I want to get in the car and started I don't want to be in service. I don't think these things are unreliable anymore. No I got free service you know the warranties they gave me an hour fucking you know, Volkswagen which nobody buys what is that? That's a Cadillac.

CTS V look at that fucking car. Is that the coop? Is that a four door? It's hard to tell because the picture is so dark corridors. That's a four door. Oh, no, that's too that's too. Yeah, actually that little rear window. It's not like a full window. Wow, it's a beautiful car, man. They make some killer you know what's that killer fucking car right now if you want an SUV, Lincoln Navigator. The new one isn't saying I wonder what happened on Lincoln. I still in business. They only make the navigator and then they make one other one or two other luxury coupes, which are very nice, beautiful. Cars now are very nice. Gorgeous. Then they went away like they just Well, the

big old 10 million of those limo drivers. Then they stopped production on him. So I didn't know what was going on with Lincoln Continental. They just tapped out. You know what's the shit? Is those 1960 fives with the suicide doors. Come on, son. You know, I'm never that bold. I could not buy one of those cars. You got rolling around and one of those 1965 Lincoln Continentals with the suicide doors like holy green on a drive to drive a continental see what he drove Jamie

gray daughter used to get out and open the door sideways. whatever his name was the black beauty Chrysler imperial crown. Beautiful.

Let me see a picture of that. 1966 Chrysler Look at that thing.

We're looking at picture one ladies gentleman that looks like it as machine guns to poke out of the hood.

Well, that missiles that was the black beauty. Oh my god. That's hilarious. But I like I always like Wu Tang. That's the car. Yeah, the fucking car. Who's Who made that one? Now? That's a resto mod. Yeah, it was definitely a new one. The new one. That was the new one was Seth Rogen. Right? Yeah, I didn't see that one. No, I want to know the one with that one. We'll get that one. People don't understand. 

And we're a little too young for it. But people don't understand what an impact Bruce Lee had when he was doing The Green Hornet. When people saw him do martial arts moves the way he did on screen, like people wanted to. I mean, you have to think about how many people would watch a TV show back then. Like if you had a TV show, there's only like three different things to watch, right? Like if you had a TV show, you had the entire country watching one of three things. And if you had a big show it The Green Hornet was The Green Hornet and on Sunday nights, so it was it was like stealing. Yeah, everyone had you had you either had Lawrence Welk on fucking channel seven on ABC look at these things. Maybe

you didn't see this because that guy dropped and he just traumatized NBC NBC was traumatized only did six episodes. Look how bad their fucking fight scenes. These look at these white guys faking punches. Oh my god.

It's hilarious to see like old school bad TV like fight acting like well, you know, the punch didn't hit him and the hair goes flying.

It's so weird. Especially because we're not playing any of the volume. So we're just watching it. So when you watch with no volume, you get to really see how preposterous it is. How many how many TV shows that that guy do

know that Spanish dude did about 1000 episodes, different TV shows. From the late 60s All through the 70s who isn't? I don't know what he's the guy that was starring. right there right there. That guy.

character actors were like fucking so huge back then. But the Bruce Lee came on Sunday night I still remember driving back from Miami with my family and like being best because I missed Bruce Lee. They cancelled it. You didn't see nothing about Bruce Lee again, bro. How long was it between them the big movies? It was about a year and a half that kung fu movies were mainstream have five fingers at death came up? No the Yeah, five fingers that that there was all about the Iron Palm technique. That guy would look at you and this pond would turn pink

and that's

Tyler with that, and then Fist of Fury came out, but I'm not gonna lie the entire I went to see fist a few in the movie did I don't remember when Chinese connection came out that's what changed the ballgame. But see, it pisses me off today. You know when I see fucking people 20 years old talking about the impact of Bruce Lee or whatever. First off, let's get this straight. Bruce Lee was a tough guy, but he wasn't going to be Muhammad Ali. That was so silly. He wasn't going to be Muhammad Ali. He was, you know, whatever. Bruce Lee, Bruce Lee meant that the little guy had hope. Bruce Lee gave the Immigrant Hope. You know, that's what all these guys thought, well, Bruce Lee Falken. It changed. Everybody put a little bounce in the step. He chose martial arts change martial arts, but he gave you hope the movie theaters were packed. Martial arts schools were packed. Black people were going crazy because nobody suffered anymore. 

You see dolemite yet? No, no, no. Again, you know, you gotta watch these shifts if I'm gonna come on the show. When dolomite Did you see it? When he said What do you mean the new Where are you a more well, first of all a fucking my boy stole the show. Our boy the dudes where you will go to fucking MMA. A Western same so the fucking movie Okay, bad motherfucker. He's a bad motherfucker. bad motherfucker. You know, I'm sick and tired of these people going? Well, what happened to him? Nothing happened to him. Well, well. What happened to David tell David Tao is getting stronger every week. What you're looking at some fucking idiot jumping up and down on Netflix. David towel is getting stronger and stronger when you go see David. It's like people going crazy right now by the uncut gems.

Adam Sandler has been around for 30 years. He's got some for you as it may not be goofy jumping up and down and went near. But when he did have you seen him continue to hurt? It's great. Just go for him to cheer him on to go you know what? Thank God, because people think that will like fucking mooks his comics. I'll hate you from flopping 90 different directions. You could just ask bitch, we could do it all and when we get 30 years under our belt, we become weapons like Jimmy Smits like any of these people that have been doing it for 30 Plus fucking years. Eventually. 

You're gonna get fucking good at it. Yeah, so, you know, I still didn't see the Tarantino movie. I saw the Joker Tarantino movies. Amazing. I saw I won't say that. A disrespect for Bruce Lee. I saw the joke. I just don't even want to go there with no, I'm not gonna mourn. If he didn't fucking live through it. I don't want to hear his fucking take on it. It's it's not it doesn't make sense. It disrespected Shannon. So it means that disrespected me you in you disrespected my fucking Powell and now you know what I mean? No shatteringly? Yeah, but if a bunch of these people got fired up, I watched the Joker. I liked it. The Joker was intense. I liked the Joker was intense. I saw uncut gems. During the break. I went to Christmas night my fucking girls went to sleep. 

So I slid over to the lammle ate three edibles. And my heart was beating with that fuck because that movie's Joey Diaz. 83 to 84 whatever you want to do, we're gonna do what do you want to do with Joe Rogan? Listen, I gotta I got something coming next week. Let me get 20 G's done next week. There ain't no next week, Jamie Rogan and he tend to fucking put this number in, and it just goes through your life from there. You're borrowing from Peter to pay Paul. And then you tell him days who's to suck your dick. It's nonstop. I was.

People were like, don't get high and go say fuck you. I'm going to go see it. I prepared like, who's in it? Just a ham sandwich and a bunch of fucking whatever's it's just a movie of all the basketball player. That you don't know what a good Kevin Garnett? Okay. And it's it's nonstop so it's mostly Sandler. And it's

bumping into Oh, what happened to my 30 Wow, I'll catch you next week. I gotta go. Yeah, you motherfuck you know, it's fucking constant. It's you know that life and then it Trump is an Academy Award winner. I don't fucking know. You know, I took it home. I wore it for a couple of days. Okay. Is anything on the fuck Academy Award winner anymore? I lost the Irishman. You didn't see it yet either. So you go skiing for three hours. What are you doing these flights? You look at ENN which wait for him to go to sleep. You got to sleep your fuck you get that's when I watch these three hour movies. 

I can't watch them at home. I got a seven year old watch on flights. I watch flights I try to write. Sometimes I've come up with some of my best bits while writing No Yeah, no, that's after the movie, but it's a five hour one minute flight. That's true. So I usually do a little you know, I will listen to music. I get tuned up I eat whatever they give me. I fucking put the movie on and I got the notebook right on the iPad. So someone comes to me

You tighten it up. And then you got the whole night that night in your hotel room. But now I like the Irishman. Do you write on your iPad? Yeah, lately?

No screen or do you have one of those detachable keyboards, I have the keyboard with the screen and I just type like I'm usually so that's why I put the final product now. So now it's I have a notebook still, but I fuck around but different stupid ideas. And then once the joke works, I put on the iPad now now I could add tags to it.

Like I used to before so now you're just typing on the iPad screen just like a phone. Right? You don't have a keyboard. The keyboard. Oh, you have a separate

one with the big yes. Okay. It saved my life the best. When he was basically like a little laptop. Listen to me. No Twitter. No, Facebook.

No, not. Huh? I got YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, and that writing app.

That's it. That's my rest of the hotel room. That's good for your Friday night. Nobody follow you if you Facebook me out Friday night and I'm on the road. Yes. Like my sweater the same thing? I don't want to look at it on the road. That's a distraction. So on the road, I don't want to do podcasts. I don't want to do nothing. Yeah, I want to lift a little bit maybe go to a fucking local kickboxing school and do a workout. But I want to focus on that writing. Not six hours worth it. No fucking Hemingway, just to make little adjustments from the night before. Yeah, that's it. Well, you know, you got this time when you're on the road, and you can use it

in a way that's gonna help you it can be it can be beneficial. Or you could just use it. One or two things, right? You got to figure out like what's optimal for you when you're on the road. For me, I always have better sets when I work out. You have to work out always you have to work. I don't like that weird fog that I feel. I'm gonna fly in somewhere. And then I just like get ready for the show my cast fucking there's something about like, it's hard to get everything going. But if you just get on an elliptical machine for 20 minutes, listen to some good music and just say there's no option. You have to do this. Just fucking do this. Once 10 minutes gets go and then you're sweating, you're having a good time, then you're fine. 

For 40 minutes or more. We've been friends for 23 years, you've been taking me on the road for 20 of those years. We could not do what we're doing 20 years on the road today. Not because I'm not calling you out because you have children, you have a wife. You have 1000 other responsibilities. So Tuesdays, you can't do those shows on Sundays out two Sundays. So it's also it's like you you can get a lot out of that when you're in those early stages like we were when we were learning how to do the road. There's a lot you get out of those Wednesday through Sunday weekend's weeks. You know why? Because by Friday, you want to stab yourself in the throat. I'm saying the same joke. Yeah. So you wake up Saturday morning and you write like a motherfucker. Yeah. Because Saturday you got three shows when we went to the free show, up on Sunday, said to me when I'm doing Midnight's no more it's not worth it. Yeah, it's the law of diminishing returns. You didn't know a joke you fucking said by midnight. Yep. Even if you stayed solid, but you didn't smoke then we were sobers judges used to it like that. I fucking say this bit. So that's just a burden. That's a law of diminishing returns Sundays. People are tired. They don't they don't have the same reaction on Sunday. You and I wouldn't ever tie them. 

But there was no children involved. There was no serious girlfriends involved. There was no, the podcast wasn't involved. There was a lot of different things that now my schedule has to be this is um, I could talk and take the Friday flight to LA I can think the Friday six hour flight at 6am. Landon Kennedy had to and be at Town Hall ready to go at eight. Do I really want to do that. Do I need to do that? No. So I did this exam on Thursday. Get the New Yorker to take a little nap at four. Go downstairs do the elliptical, get to five pounds shadowbox for 10 minutes line on Belfield and shadowboxing breaks a tremendous sweat. Yeah, Papa jabs you go upstairs, so moving, you bang on out in the shower, open yourself up, and you Hey, you go for a nice steak. And you get to see the town. And then I do what I learned from my brother Joe Rogan. You leave a fucking huge tip. So when they go out for employee night, the word gets out the Joe Rogan in town Friday morning, you wake up the show so that I didn't have to go do a radio it was that. That's the splash. And then you get up Friday and you go to a local kickboxing school. How cool is that? Just and they're looking at you like Mr. Hogan, are you sure? Yeah. I'm doing the class. I want to meet a few people.

You get more out of that tonight and they talk to you. They bust your balls a little bit but then you get an Uber set to pick you up. And you go back to downtown. You actually got out and you was social before the show. I could go back to that hotel room and sit in there for six hours and they get your rightful

One you're drawing episodes of The Sopranos or handful one, you draw episode A sub mouse, then you go back to write, maybe you take a nap, take a nice 20 minute shower do a seven o'clock show, in case you sell out. You do the second show, but if not, you're back in your room at 1030

room service, you throw on a movie you haven't seen even edible, you're up at five you're at the airport at six. You're back at LAX at night. I want to see this documentary. Sounds perfect. That's that's what works for me now for me to be most effective. You know, I could be a golf ball and go out there on Wednesdays, but by Saturday, I'm not gonna be a good comic. Yeah, I think we still be a good comic putting the reps in putting in the reps in town is just about reps you know as many reps as you can get. The thing about the road when you're doing those Wednesday through Sundays is that you're getting long reps you get in like our sets every show, which is great too. I'm not I'm not I for me as

where we're at now. I want to give him 150% of his show last night I went to the Comedy Store I got to dig stockings right out of the way I mean I started the bag deck in the main room and then I took that same room and stuck them

but I wanted to try new material see I was failing in the past I was going all these other clubs and going let me let me not try shut the commies still listen, you bring everything to the Chaplet The Comedy Store and let the pieces fall where they made 15 to get it you do know that you see 22 comics and they're gonna see 22 comics that headline all over the world so suck my dick I'm gonna go 50% But I'm gonna go up there and try new shit last night I was talking about that we've always met at one time or another meet somebody. That's how you learn not to be a mentor. Is by me too. When somebody one time and then you go that wasn't right and then I'll never meet two again. For me it was a weird adjective. Oh, and I started out with it. I opened up with it to really put myself in the fucking hole of that

adverb. What does that mean to him? Is it a verb?

For me to somebody has been an adverb? Yeah, it's like yeah, the only way you learn how to me the only way you learn how to not be me too is by me telling you shoplift to candy when you were a kid right? Yeah. And your mother told you smacking she does that's not right. Same thing with me doing this LA is a fucking meat to was invented here. They fuck Marilyn Monroe to death. They fucked up that vaginal thing look like fucking, that fucking embassy in Tehran. Whatever. They bombed. What was that famous Fatty Arbuckle case? Where there was a that's just it's just disgusting people on it? Yes. 

Between the big brown documentary Did you see that one? I didn't see that filthy fucking animal. getting women to suck that fucking 90 degree weather. Six yoga session deck. That's just cruelty to animals. You could put you in jail for just sucking that. You know, a Harvey all that shit happens here. But as us as men, we've all me to somebody when you were a kid by mistake. For me. I was in love with this lady named fate. She was 37 I big juicy tickets. she'd wear hot pants. I was about 14 I had never even seen a vagina. No, Teddy's not done. And we used to play basketball and two dogs were blind. She had French poodles. And she had flip flops and she crossed the street. And she was so hot. She was 38 and she had a husband that was like 60 He would just barely be alive like that dude from Texas that was flushing Howard Marshall. He would watch her because he knew he was savage. We're gonna think that

she had two daughters and the daughters were badass and but one of my goombazz dated one of the daughters. I never told him I was I become I play basketball. Failed come on again. We just stop

and she turned for us and the sun would shine through a halt. Remember all the top seven these and she had a really yummy Teddy's with the nipple sticking out. And it drove me crazy. I was 1314 I lived through that I'd see are in the winter with pants on she looks delicious. And finally summer of fucking 79 I'm getting all fucked up with some friends of mine. We drink and fucking nips that we snorted some angel dust. And we'll listen to Led Zeppelin to if you're gonna fuck anybody. Led Zeppelin Tours The album to get your mind that starts off with a whole lot of love. That just gets your hips moving and then it goes into the lemon song. And he's talking about squeeze me baby to the juice runs down my leg. I'm like that's it that you're strong that my leg. My mother was a flower check. She had flowers everywhere. I put on like a shirt. I swear to God, it had to be bad because she would walk the dog at night but the husband

15 The dog would sleep that the husband would pass out by eight. So she would take the

Dogs Out for the 10 o'clock. The last she would put them down and you know, they were kind of blind French poodles. And she would still wear the fucking tighty whities. You know, the defense Dixie Deuce days

in the 70s before days even was invented. She already had the daisy with the shirt. And I remember being on that angel does hide in the weeds.

Like fuck with the flowers I had flowers for

I was gonna bring her flowers. But my plan was to attack a jumper in the thing. Throw it down and give her the flowers just how crazy you are gonna attacker like I couldn't take it normal. Like I wanted to marry her. Like that's how fucked up by anyone on Angel Dust. And I was on ANGEL. This was what I would teach the crystal Call it what you want. It's animal tranquilizer, no matter how you look at it. And I remember that I ran out mana and she turned and she goes, Coco what's going on? I go. And I just stopped and I go, Hey, I'm in love with you.

What are you talking about them? I fell in love with you for two years. I want to run off with you fuck my mother. I'm like, I just let's get a job. Let's let's leave Wow. And she's looking at me like like, like I was retarded. First of all, she's looking at me like this kid is Fucking snap. And she goes, you've been drinking and like I still love you take the flowers. And she goes, I tell you what if I divorced my husband, I'll consider it. And I was like, Okay, I gotta live with that kind of give you a kiss. And I kissed her on the cheek and I could feel the heat going on my head. And finally as I went to turn away I looked at her legs. Yeah, that juicy his legs in the world. I go Can I touch your thigh? And she goes Go ahead. Joe Rogan I'd like a kneecap and my deck just exploded sperm. I ran away like Steven Seagal obviously Steven Seagal run he runs like a flagger read that put that little limp It was these demons to go run there's a couple forgiven see him running runs very strange in what's very tall. What's the first one he did? That's really good. I love the law. Look at him. Look at how he runs. He runs like a fucking retard Look at him. Look at him. Can you imagine

he's just built odd. He just really tall he does run a little loose with the hands which is kind of confusing. Which one was this one this that's exactly that's above the law. I think it's cutting out cutting oh it's all a bunch of different movies now because now he's got more hair because people go for them because of the way he runs

yeah he was married to Kelly look Brock dog at one time. One time he was the man how many times I jerk off to Kelly love Brock and a woman in red. When Gene Wilder calls he this is what it is. His steps are too short. And his wrist flip around. Because he's used to do an aikido right he's used to like

going please don't protect them but I'm just saying that's what he was

known for. Like

those Japanese people were 3000 years to put Aikido on the map and now you're gonna set the back that poor Aikido school in Burbank has moved eight times they keep losing students it down to two students, wherever the schmuck and a fucking sword who's gonna go for Aikido less. Someone who doesn't really want to fight and you want to you want to be able to passively get someone away from you, which is not realistic. But the sword part the sword part could come up if shit hits the fan. If we go back and you know if we get knocked into the Stone Age, nuclear war with Russia away give me the see a beat now. Again, no dodge sticks. Yeah, they moved bourbon. And I've thought about when I was a kid I went to aikido for about two weeks. Probably fun. The guy's name was Richard bow. He was supposed to be a big time in Gothenburg, New Jersey. And he taught the flexion stuff but Steven Seagal and above the law took it to a different level that I'll bet on that throat slam. Oh yeah, he's got the deflection throat slam. That's fucking beautiful. I had a meeting with a guy in a in a movie. There's this like my agent sent me in to meet with this guy. They were looking for someone to do like a Steven Seagal type movie. They were looking to they were going to try to create an action star. And we actually had like an argument about this movie. That move right there. But the last one was his throat. That's what I got carried away.

That's what he just went over the

first movie and above the law.

And the one when he fucked up the Jamaicans Oh, yeah, which one was that with swords that sword fight and then hard to kill was when he that's the one that fits me. Because when you're in a coma for four years into these two days later, you're throwing psychic Yeah. And he's putting

himself

Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. I love

I love that

I love to do I love them too. I love the thing about him man is I think in that first movie, it was one of the more unique martial arts movies, like above the law, like it's almost a shame that he made a bunch of movies that weren't as good. Because if you go back to above the law, in terms of like martial arts history, and above the law is a legitimate historical movie in terms of martial arts movies, because it was the first movie where you got to see a real Aikido practitioner with a hybrid eyes system of martial arts. So he was doing Aikido but he was also throwing a lot of punches and knife hand strikes and a lot of strikes. It was as they showed the bigger feet and above the largest split, play this out. That's the bet Oh, y'all, this guy? Look at all the bullshit. I mean, I've made fun of the him as much as anybody. But listen, his Aikido skills, were very legit. He was very legit. Whether or not that stuff's real or not. That's a subject for debate whether or not it's really effective. When you look at other things like wrestling and jujitsu. Is it the most effective way to grow or Judo is the most effective way? No, it's not. But no one knew that back then. And he at the time in the 1980s, and 90s was a world class martial artist. He just had a style that ultimately didn't really prove to be the best style, but so did I. I was doing time. This is this is hard to kill a lot of people were doing kung fu a lot of people were doing things that they thought were legit, but they really wants the UFC came around. We found out oh, this is not the best way to do it. Now this is 87 That's a kid in this scene. That was just in the movie with Clint Eastwood the meal. He's been doing movies for fucking 30 years. I can't. Right now that do with the tattoos. How many fucking movies as he's been a bad guy right there. The second guy that got

every fucking bad guy every great. Who is he? What's his name? He used to live in Vegas. I heard he had some a restaurant in Vegas. I'm not even sure. I love a good shitty drama. A good shitty cop drama. Like I love I love like going back and watching some 1990s cop dramas. They're fun Kojak Kojak pop at the end how about Beretta Beretta

How about that fucking you know which one was good bro. That they gotta bring him back but wise guy. What was wise guy a good looking dude with the fucking he was undercover with the mafia but he really was a cop from the CIA like a Donnie Brasco type situation we could look and dude really a good look. And this is it right here. He fucked people up nice. Now this is a movie. Wise Guy was a TV series Robert. Robert wall Robert. good looking dude. He came he came out with Paul Newman in

Fort Apache the Bronx. Oh, why is God the TV series?

What am I looking at here? Jamie? Is that guy who? Remember that guy? Yeah, you remember that? Doc?

Who is that dude? Does it say

see go to just a regular search of it instead of watching the video of it. That's right. There are so many of the member wings. Wings for and jam Michael Vinson. Yeah. Was he? Sure that's a no no, no, no wings was the TV show. on NBC. Right? Yeah, Jen Michael Vincent wasn't in wings with jam Michael Vincent was in some show about fuck and more can wall Kadam Jan Michael Vinson was in some movie about a TV show about pilots in the air. That hunted you down on CBS. That's when he went fucking crazy. I totally went crazy. He went crazy like straight from the the mechanic like he went like, I think it was fame that probably did that guy in right famous. Alcoholism, the alcoholism. A lot of that was probably to do with thin air. Well, yeah.

Four Seasons.

That guy in the mechanic. If you go back to the original Charles Bronson version, the mechanic he was slated to be the next big superstar.

Right? He was he did a movie for Disney with Kurt Russell called the world's greatest athlete.

And right day fuck things up. He was he was a Disney guy first.

You don't remember the world's greatest athlete. He went to pick up the weights and his arm stretched him and fucking that was his first movie. It was a Disney movie and then

He went on to become Jan Mike when the mechanic

look. Yeah, look on dog who's handsome dog. He was the first Brad Pitt. He was look how gripped he is to he was the original. Look at this science fiction where he's outsprinting black guys is the science fiction movie. This is a science fiction. This is why he was the world's greatest that with beautiful hair. This white guy is outsprinting

everyone else looks like they're straight out of Jamaica right out of Jamaica tracking

this is a ridiculous film. Look how much further he is ahead of than those guys who you know would be him in a real race even the black people cheering for him. Even the brothers at chambers he did look fucking fantastic back then. Like look what kind of shape that guy was in look at the guy from good times. How would

this is a great movie. This is one of his first movies that blew him up. Then he got the mechanic and fucking that's how they kill him people today with the good times that the TV show member that fucking audition about 15 years ago the wonder the neighbor like Don't fucking loved you when I was a kid.

Oh, that's cool. She still look good.

She was the neighbor lady. Yes. Can you pull up the cast now? Good times.

Dude, this this show, JJ Walker. Still to this day is known for one thing dynamite if he won't sell unless you're given three grant.

clubs or give them 1500 A week and he's like, do you want me to stay dine them? Give me that like the the names of everybody.

Just go. Yeah, look at that. Fucking show. 1974 first episode. This was a show like every thought was interesting, right? Because there was a Jackson has quite a few. Even though there wasn't that many television shows. There was quite a few big name black shows Sanford and Son. Good times the Jeffersons like during that era, even though there weren't that many TV shows, there was quite as a basketball show. Oh, tremendous. Shadow. Tremendous. Yeah, forgot about that show. Tremendous. Yeah, dude. To this day Sanford and Sons one of the best sitcoms of all time. There's some fucking episodes of Sanford and Son that I'll listen to, or watch rather to this day, and I'll still laugh at Red Fox so fucking raw and I wish network television would look at that and go. It's time for us to take the sticks out of our heads again. They can. They're stuck. Well, somebody has to do it first. It's just gonna be their own demise. You know what, comedians, you're a comedian. I'm a comedian. I try real hard. This was our early education. This isn't a better education than watching and here we're watching. Remember watching Paul Mooney right these lines. Paul Mooney was one of the writers on this. So we had Richard Pryor on one hand, but then you had this sick fuck, he hated Puerto Ricans. I don't want no Puerto Ricans, my house. He hated Julio, the neighbor.

The neighbor, America. This was Friday night and then it was followed by Chico and the Man is you know Freddie Prince, CBS had their answer a fucking

Archie Bunker which will never happen again. Every year they tried to do in the different Archie Bunker and they were gonna do it because it's not coming from the heart. Yeah, they can't sell it like he did that. He does a scene when when he when Sammy Davis Jr. has to kiss him.

Like there's a scene of fucking when Sammy Davis what was the actor's name again Carol Carol O'Connor calm when Kylo coyote grabbed callow con and kissed him in the fucking lips. That you know

so many different Yeah, right here all this shit. You know what's crazy? Carol Connor was like a great actor and Actor for his whole life. But he's known for sure more than a thing for being Archie Bunker. Right here. Look at his face

yeah, like it was supposed to be funny that Archie Bunker was racist. And by the way, just for the record, everybody always thought he was a black Jew. You better throw Cuban in there to his mother was Cuban Sammy Davis Jr. Yeah, his mother was Cuban. I'm Afro Cuban. Now look at everyone laughing at him. Because Sammy Davis Jr. Kissed me freaked out. Look at everyone laughing at them.

You could like gay jokes.

Some black jokes, white jokes, Puerto Rican jokes. They talk shit about everybody on that show. You go back in TV now 10 years and you're gonna see the difference you go back and film. And there's some film that right off the start there offensive. Oh yeah today's world a very offensive I just saw something that was on like regular TV me and my wife would just wouldn't fly today. It was just something that was on like at nine o'clock and wouldn't fly. What about Ace Ventura pet detective, it was all about a guy who was trans. A guy who was pretend it was cross dressing at the very least, like pretending to be a girl. But it turns out to be a guy the whole time. And everyone's disgusted, because they kissed him thinking it was a girl. So everyone's throwing up and like, you would never be able to do that today. It would be transphobic people would freak out.

Do you remember that?

No. There's that pretty lady who was in a bunch of movies back then. But then just like went off the rails Sean young to remember her. She was in Blade Runner. She was the beautiful young robot and Blade Runner.

She was in a bunch of movies, man. But then she just went off the rails.

She she's one of those Gen Michael Vinson type characters for a bed I think? Well, just the pressure of it all was just too much. So this is the scene at the end of it. That Courtney Cox with the gun Yeah. And there's Sean Young, that's that lady. And so we find out in this scene that he's really, or she's really a guy, or I don't get it. Or she's, how do you say it today?

Batman even say it's a guy pretending to be a girl. But you don't say that anymore? No, no, you say what? She's trans. So but we're supposed to believe that. She's got a giant hog under there. Where's the scene? Yeah, he's got to lead up to he's explained to them. So he tells them all that that's a guy. So this is like some bad guy that they've been looking at. He's the famous kicker from Miami Dolphins. That's right. Oh, that's right. That's right. That's right. And he's angry because he fucked up. Yeah, all the cops know about this one game.

Yeah.

Here's the part. So she's supposed to have it tucked in right there. Right something and they'll flip around toe looks in there to Captain Winky. Now he's got he's gonna turn around so everybody can see that she's got a hog.

Turn around. Excuse me.

Really what happens here? Yeah, because it's the big reveal. There it is.

The more throw up

everyone's throwing up.

Tom log is cleaning his tiger up your dog.

One more day deck. So let me ask you a question a couple of weeks ago, Disney plus permit. Two days later people throwing fits?

What do you want them to do to go back and take all this shit out of his own movies? Well, that's a good question. What do you do you ever go to Disneyland? Yeah, that one ride. What is it? Splash Mountain? Yes. That Splash Mountain ride is based on a movie that you can't even watch anymore. Because it was a really racist movie. Well, Disney was racist was you know, I don't know. Disney. I don't know. I don't have time to flick this Splash Mountain. Was this is this is it's called The Song of the South. That was the movie. And then from what year is that? January

26 1946. People were different animals back dogs. Were not even the same species about the lady who sang the national anthem at the Yankees. Somebody found out that 30 years before that, you didn't know about that? No, you gotta look this up. She sang songs that were like totally racist like spooky get out of town. Like shit like this. Please look it up. Nationally right now. So a two ball fields. Took her version of the national anthem. Now.

You hadn't read the shit. She was here. Smith's God Bless America out at Yankee Stadium over racist sauce and

whose kids some fucking fat chick from 19/23 1931 song? Yeah, that's why darkies were born. Wait a minute. She sang this in 1931. Yeah. How will this just bitch.

She's still alive. It's like the recording of God Bless America from back then that they used to just play during the right she sang that. But when did she recorded 1937 But when did she sing the national anthem? No, no. It's the God Bless America is what they're talking about here.

Okay, well, when did she sing God bless America.

1929 I 1030 something on the back then. But she also song sang a song called that's why dark is a boy. I was confused. I was thinking you were saying that she sang it at the Lyric, someone she picked cotton. Someone had to pick the corn. Someone had this be a slave and somebody had this thing. That's why darkies were born. Oh, that, you know, I mean, all these things. You have a song, which has been called a satirical take on racism was a big hit for Smith, and also was recorded by Paul Robeson. Mm

hmm. So she wrote and sang God Bless America. So the version that you would hear like, ah, but she sang, so recorded it. So the version that you would hear would be back then. Right? So yeah, see, that's,

that's why she gets weird. You know, there's been a lot of great people over the years that have had some horrible ideas. They'll see you have to wonder like, like, if we just cut out the guy. I mean, how many people different people who have invented incredible things that we use all the time. We're also really shitty human beings. Like you know about that Fritz Hubbert guy, the guy that he created this ability to this method to extract nitrogen from the atmosphere and then use it as fertilizer. Because the air apparently you think of the air is oxygen. It's not most of what you're breathing in most of what our air is, is 80s I think it's like 80 something percent nitrogen. And so this guy figured out a way how to extract nitrogen from the air and because that population boomed because we had more food, because they could they could lay down more. More fertilizer. He did something good. Yeah. But He also invented new gas. He was the first guy to propose and implement a poison gas strategy against against Europe, when they were when the UK and when the whatever the whole group and guess it was World War one or two, they did that. Want to say it's too Right. Is it too?

Yeah, whatever war it was, then they were the first people to get so this guy who had created the harbor method for extracting nitrogen at the same time, was wanted for war crimes, because he figured out how to gas, the gas, the the enemy.

And he was working for the Nazis and he was a Jew, the whole thing is crazy. It gets even crazier. They eventually start imprisoning Jews and kick them out of the country. And he's still there. And so he eventually winds up leaving his tail is fucking crazy. But that guy also invented the same gas, they use the gas, the, the gas, the Jews in concentration camps. He invented it, but he invented it with a smell to it, so you could detect it. And they were gonna use it as like, I think it was a pesticide or something like that. You talked about monster? Yeah, I think the chemists John Lennon, he, he wrote Benny in the Jets, but he smoked Yoko, you know, a monster. But he's one of like that he said, 50% of the nitrogen in our bodies today from the harbor method. 50%. He so he invented something that was literally changed the way people can eat.

I mean, it probably saved billions of lives. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I'm just guessing. But I would imagine, one of the biggest problems that people had back then was when you couldn't grow things places when you didn't have enough food. I mean, it was a real touch and go situation before refrigeration. And then before, you know, large scale trucking and agriculture everywhere, like we have today, and how much of the nitrogen that we use came because this guy figured out otherwise, they would just use like dead fish and things like that the end of like, compost. That's what fertilizer was bones would grind up bones. But he's also a monster. Also, you know, they figured through his work, how to kill people with gas. They just gassed entire troops. fucking crazy shit, man when no one had never done that before. I mean, you got to think back then people would think about the, the the war, the Independence War, right? The war for independence against England when they would wear the British were those crazy outfits with the white right across their chest. They were perfect targets. So if you walk into the forest, and these hillbillies just pick them out, because they were walking like they're in some sort of old timey war. Like they used to do wars like they had rules for war. And there's rules for engagement. And then when a gentleman would lose, he would hand his sword over to the other men sometimes they wouldn't even take it because they're trying to be polite. And they would have these rules like gentleman rules for killing people. And then this guy came out with a method Hey, how about this, how we we just gas these motherfuckers just drop gas on them kill everybody. Just let them choke to death in their own blood. Literally your body just

vomiting blood. It's coming out of your eyeballs. Everyone around you is dying from the same

thing you just hemorrhaging, just dying. Because some genius scientist who also created a method to extract nitrogen out of the air that fed, millions of hungry people also figured out a way to do this.

Fucked up, fucked up. He just freaks me out. Yeah, well, sometimes

great people have done horrible, horrible things.

But that guy invented something that we all use. It's a, it's a tricky thing, me and a person. You know, people are slippery. There's a lot of good and bad about us.

Depends how you use it. Yes. Depends how you use it. Well, that's why being a comic is like one of the most fulfilling things of all time, because people get something out of it. Like they go to see you. Like, the reason why you're willing to eat deck is because you want to develop these bits and have them crush, get them to that point, where when people come to see and they pay money to see you, boom, you lay them on them. And they're like, ah, that feeling that you can do that you can give to somebody when you see someone just laughing so hard. It's one of the greatest feelings a person can ever experience. And not a lot of people get to experience and you imagine how important laughter is in your life.

A certain point, like it's your it's like, you know, you need sleep. Yeah, you need food, and if you really have

laughter, but you also have to learn how to laugh at yourself. Yes. And once you conquer that your life changes completely. Yeah, that's 50% You know, you know, the number one killer is stress. That's the number one thing that can kill you. Yeah. Is you being stressed out but humor? I mean, I love you and I at night doing edibles and finding stupid videos. Watching that whole stand up real? Yeah, just laughing my fucking ass off. I love it. I love it. I'm enjoying it more every day. And when you have kids, you really laugh at the shit they talk about it. You know? Did I laugh at kids movies? I watched Dora the Explorer. The live action one one the new one. It's hilarious. This summer. We're legit laughs in that movie. I got bad news. I got bad news for you people. The last couple of years I've gotten to see maybe seven or eight mainstream films. But I've probably seen 20 Kid films. Yeah. And I leave those films blown away. So you know what's fucking great? Jumanji? The new one. It's as good if not better than the first one. The first one was fucking great that those least you leave there feeling something? You know, like, some of these movies. I go watch. I'm like, What the fuck was that? She Manji hits a perfect balance between. It's like it's a family movie. But they don't treat you like you're a moron. It's fun. And it's it's, you know, they're trapped in a video game. So it doesn't have to make sense. It can it can be crazy. And so it is crazy. But it's a fucking great movie. It's a great movie. Both of them are great. They're fun. You leave you feel good. You laugh your ass off. And they ride the edge. Perfectly of it being enjoyable for all people but hilarious for kids. Kids think Jumanji is hilarious. So you can sit there and watch. You know, I took my nine year old the other day. We watched it for the second time. Just me and her laughing

That was so funny. It's the rock is great. Kevin Hart's great that chick who plays I don't want to spoil the learning that because she plays more than one role for some strange reason. I can't I don't have a spoiler, but she's fucking fantastic that the Asian lady that was in Crazy Rich Asians. What is her name? Aquafina. Yeah, how crazy is that name? She made that name up. She must have rappers too. She's a rapper. Yes. She was also no Yeah, really? Yeah. No. Well, that makes sense. I can't say without giving it away. Why she's so good. But God Damn, she's hilarious. Like the most that has really given me a great bond and my daughter that some of these Pixar movies use music from our era. Oh, you don't know how many times she's? I'm in a car drive. I'm listening to classic rock. And she's in the back singing.

And I'm like, my deck just got odd. She knows my music.

Like she knows Yeah. Music. Yeah. And it's because of those. I don't know what Pixar movie are exactly, but they use music from our era. And she'll go daddy, I know that song. Let me see the video. Well, they do that with some movies like Marvel did it the best with Guardians of the Galaxy. Chris Pratt character is into cool old songs. Like if you ride the ride at Disney

When they have a Guardians of the Galaxy ride, and in it is all these cool songs like Jackson Five or slow ride like crazy, cool old school songs that play while he's going through his adventure. So part of Guardians of the Galaxy. He's got headphones on, What is that song he's listening to? Over and over again? Yeah, he's got this one songs. He's got an old school cassette Walkman. And he's got the headphones on his shit. And he's kicking the shit out of aliens while he's listening to this badass song. But it's like those old classics. There's something about songs that are from a different time that it's not just that it's a great song, but it's also that it's history. Like it's both things you know, you should my daughter listens to I want to kill myself.

hooked on a feeling that's it. Blue Suede. All that

drives me fucking crazy hooked. I like that one jam. You know, what's the one that came with? Miley Cyrus his father? Oh, yeah, yeah, Old Town road that was killed your fucking house. Oh my god. My kids wouldn't stop saying they wouldn't stop. My daughter was singing it. I think that's the most popular single of all time. Of all time. That's amazing. Fucking. Now you remember one thing when I first stepped foot on the stage about a year later, Billy Ray Cyrus blew up. Oh, yeah. I still remember doing open mic that followed a breakdance what was it called? Wine dancing class. Yeah, in Colorado, Nevada, Colorado on Sunday night. Oh, tell my heart. Yeah, it gave people went nuts. To see him. This is what I'm talking about that I love when people go well, Billy Ray Cyrus, he's dead. Really? No, he just showed up with a kid and blew up the fucking world. 3530 years later. I tell you what, man, his daughter is very talented. His daughter has very talented Yeah, no, she hasn't even gotten started. You don't even worry about it. If you listen to Jolene, you listen to her coverage Jolene like holy shit, man, bro. She sang some. She's saying when we leave here put on fucking the tribute to Chris Cornell. What she sang and you're gonna die. Just say goodbyes. Say hello to Avid. I get goosebumps because she she asked me let her go. Yeah, Teddy. Yeah, show up a few times. She's gonna get married a few times. Fun. She got enough dough to last three lifetimes, right? Yeah. So let her go do her thing but her true calling is I come back and she's gonna let bull the music industry. Yeah, because she's Yeah, say goodbye to her. Well, I think it's yes, it will happen. Temple of the dog say hello to heaven. Yeah, I want to hear this later. Bookmark that for me, Jamie. Kinda wish we could play music. Yes, she fucks me great. I just played music during the podcast. Yeah, we got to get some you have no idea how talented she She's phenomenal. I love her last album. Song Malibu. Have you heard? It's a great fucking song. She's just taking time off. But she's a real artist. First she got on. I'm not gonna smoke dope, like Pete Davidson. And that should last I bumped into Pete Davidson. Are you getting hygienic goes Fuck yeah.

The policies too good. I gotta be good.

Yeah, they go on that kick. They're not gonna smoke no more. You know, you gotta do selling. I love the reefer. I love it in the morning. I get I got some strawberry coffee. Are they Oh my God. Have you seen the speed weed box of doom? You got to open that thing up it lights up like like the suitcase and Pulp Fiction.

Gino? He's the boss of men this fucking and these little tobacco things.

I love you're not a boring guy. And I'm not a boy. I am a blunt guy now. I love his books. Yeah, well, you know who turned me into a Blanc is Charlie Murphy. Charlie Murphy. The first time I ever got high with him. He rolled a blind and he would do it old school he would buy packages Swisher Sweets. He'd cut those fuckers open. You know a lot of guys break them up with their finger. I don't remember if he broke it open with his finger but Charlie knew how to roll a blunt like he would roll a blunt You know who else rolls a blunt real good. Luis Gomez. Luis Gomez rolls a legit blunt breaks down the tobacco takes the fucking leaf out, flattens the leave rolls the weed inside of it perfect blunt, like skills. Like I admire dudes who can fix things. And I admire dudes who could roll a tight joint. You know, like a dude who knows how to fix an engine like oh, you carburetors this and that we're just gonna run the line. We'll clear it out and then we'll add new spark plugs and like a bow. I can't do that. I gotta hire a guy to do that. I can't turn the wrench. I'm not good at it. I never learned I admire it. I could. I could I could fuck him rolling nasty joint. I admire that. I can't

And the blunted special thing you got to learn how to break down the tobacco cheat sometimes and by the blood wrap. But it's just not the same. You know, last week I called yet I did Burt's thing. And he had a Cuban dude doing cigars. And Burt said to me as your question what if I gave me a noun to dope? Can you roll it up and he rolled it up into cigars? Oh my God, and they will fucking tremendous. I mean, fucking tremendous. Tommy Chong gaming this?

Yeah, it's too big.

It's all cute. It starts off cute. Like, you burn you burn, and then tribute it to and I don't want to light it though. I'll miss it. I like keeping it right here on my desk. This was as a kid when I was little big bamboo. My stepdad had a big bamboo and I listened to it when I was like, I mean, I couldn't have been more than nine. I was nine years old and I was listening to that and I have Sister Mary our family. I don't remember. I remember it I think big bamboo was the one where the like Dave's not here man. I think that was that one.

Just to know those guys fucking genius was that Tommy Chong is a goddamn genius. So it's cheap that they still put they put a rolling paper in the thing and yeah, the album was rolling paid. Yeah, system elephant. Yes, Ralph and Herbie.

Let's make a dope deal. That's right. Let's make a dope deal.

If you want me to tell you something. This is why I got into podcasting. This was my biggest appeal about podcasting that guys like you and I grew up listening to Pryor. Yeah, John. Carlin and I'm like, I listened my mind.

choice as a kid where there were three by Richard Pryor.

This one and I liked that Lenny Bruce lived in Carnegie Hall for some ways. That's my collection of stand up comedy. I love a bicentennial. Negative, negative crazy. And is it something Was it something I said? That's Richard prize. Best work. Those are great, great.

Great, great albums, but just raw and it makes you listen. You know, this year, was the first time since 1987. That the album's outsold DVDs. They're making a big comeback. Really. We made a big fucking mistake. 30 years ago, we all drank the fucking Kool Aid and it wasn't worth it. There was some jerk off people, you know, again.

We were we were doing great with the album. The music industry was doing great with a thing called the why because you want to buy kiss on Saturday. This fucking guy wants to buy Led Zeppelin on the side and I want to buy REO Speedwagon. You all got paper outs on Saturday, we got to walk down to the fucking record store. Look around, he changed his mind. He went with Jethro Tull. Then we went back to your house because your mom worked on Saturdays and we got two joints, and we rolled them up in the arm and it was a process you put the outline and you rolled and you read the lyrics and you read the things that they put in it. And they took that away from you. And they gave you the first dudes with a dude you went to the real the real? You Oh yeah. Oh, really, really the way to go? I've heard people that I didn't know anybody personally. Yeah, nobody was buying them. You know? You got to show up with a movie thing to listen to.

And you got to scroll it and the whole thing so that went out fucking quick then they switch to something else. And then we settled know the eight track was already gone. Pretty much that's right track started to move out. Cassette was big. Because that's what Big Five What's that many desks? Many desks? Many this Wow. And then I remember the CD but then I still remember buying like movies. Like going oh me but buying the movie opening up the thing and it just be like an advertiser and a fucking CD. And that's when I stopped I go this is what I'm getting for my money now. So when I buy a fucking CD from a record label, I opened it up to see the would have been even don't even put time into the cover anymore. When you buy Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here out Jesus Christ. They must have put a year just into the cover. The guy shaking the guy's hand at Warner Brothers the other guys like on fire. Yeah, they put time and so I think that everybody kept saying sound well, the sound CD didn't listen. Just to put that fucking needle on there again. I wonder how many fucking turntables are sold in America last year for the album to come back? And I have one in my office and I go to I go to two different places one on headphones or do you listen to speakers when I listen in the office I put them on with the

had the speakers at the office. It's when I listened to it at home, I got the headphones.

It's

it's a different experience, right? You're like you're sitting down like you're watching a show almost. The thing about music, when I'm streaming it is I'm almost always doing something.

Very rarely just listening to music. I'm always listening to music while I'm driving or listening to music while I'm working out or while flying. I don't hardly ever just listen to music, or sit down. But when you have an album and you have a record player, I think that

would definitely make you more inclined to treat it like an event. You know.

Just have a cup of coffee, smoke a joint, sit on the couch, just listen to it. Just listen to it. Listen to some bars. You know, listen, I get anxiety about 28 Every night 2008 2008 right around that same time. Yeah, because for years, that's when I was thinking about how I was going to score coke.

So till this day, that's the PTSD I got that at 730 I started getting anxiety, I start getting itchy. I gotta move I gotta make them. And when I finally what I really wanted intended to do was to maybe go to jujitsu it

but

you know, my boy just got a 530 class. I've been trying to make him for three weeks. 530 is just rough. Or metallic o'clock in the morning typing guy 12 The latest. I used to always take to a dirty class at night. That's that's that's at this age. Yeah, it was hard to go on. It was hard to go on after onstage afterwards to there was no no I like I don't mind all that it's just

rolling in everything to kid what you're not fucking killing yourself for an hour and a half. You should you know you warm up and you drill the technique and then you fucking you know, for me, I do three rolls and I gotta go after that. I'm just it's a loaded admission when I was training in 10th planet all the time with Eddie's nighttime class 830 Class A month filled with murderers. It was

it was killer be killed. And then you'd go all nice guys. So I don't want to meet it in a bad No, no, no, no. They're just really good. But you would go from that and then go I'd go on stage I feel spent. Sometimes I'd go on stage afterwards. I'd have flat sets because I was just too tired. I was just too mellowed out. I just you know been spent 90 minutes with guys on your back trying to strangle you and try to it's just you get there like you don't have the same pop. You work on at night still. I like to work out all different hours of the day. So what I like to do when you work that night, all the time, like three days ago maybe? What time late 1030

I wish I could do it people are asleep. That's what I like to do when people are asleep. I put fights on put fights on just you know got all the shit they're gonna kettlebells there. I got a bar there got chin up bars got you know, things to do that glue paint glute ham machine to do sit ups off of that and back extent I would just do like, nine sets of kettlebells like swings and lanes, couple goblet squats. And I'd be happy like at 1030 It's a zone at seven o'clock though. 738 o'clock. I gotta rush. But not it's not really it's kind of exercise. But I gotta get out of the house. So I usually go by the office. Due to bang it's I listen to one side of it.

I just pick on some nights it's comedy. Some nights it's fucking rock music. And once the album is over, I shut it up with the album Back on the covenant again the chronic gone like not not most of the nights I do that. I really don't have nothing to do. So I got a half hour window with you know, put her in the tub I leave by the time I come back. Nobody knows not let me ask you this, do you when you when you're writing comedy, like when you're when you're working on bits? Are you

how much time you spend in offstage? And like how do you do it? Like, are you are you one of those guys that just has an identity drive around? I know a lot of guys doing like write and shut down. They just have an idea and they just bounce around while they're driving around. And then like maybe they'll remember some bullet points or they'll bounce it off a friend and then they'll try to do it on stage. How are you doing it?

Now because I'm very serious about it

it starts with a pad and a piece of paper and pray to God that could that I could just remember the idea to get it out at me at the Comedy Store. Right I just want to get the idea. Let's worry about the joke later.

So that's the first time right get so you have a premise so you get let's structure the premise. Let me get this out. I want to talk about that Netflix show don't fuck with cats. I keep forgetting.

Don't fuck with cats.

This was rule number one that they told me when I moved from cube I threw a rock at a cat when they had a black guy go yo, and fuck with the motherfuckers

some dude on the internet decide to fuck with cats. And have you watched the doctor series know it's gonna blow your mind

it's gonna blow your mind it's a Netflix show flicks 10 Episode document we had something you're gonna show that's what did you get me involved in Joe Diaz. It's called don't fuck with don't fuck with cats. I think it's my three episodes. I watched two of them last night actually, like good but yeah, it's like remember the old school internet shit from the early 2000s where there was weird shit online. Yeah, people are discovering who the fuck was doing some of that and like fall they fell down some fucking weird holes. Oh, really? This is crazy shit. Yeah, disturbing as fuck is it three episodes because I think I believe so. Yeah, watch three. Yeah, yeah, I think I thought it was more it's called don't fuck with cat.

That's it. That's it.

Because this is how the party starts. Oh my god.

Tremendous. And you know while she's on TV last week, the reason why I called you I didn't want to tell you until afterward I wanted to talk to you about on the show. A boy made a comeback. He didn't know he got another week and a half left to live who? Michael Bowden made a comeback because of the Epstein family Michael baton baton Yeah, the Epstein family. Yeah, to do a private watch on 60 minutes. I did. Okay, that's my boy. Yeah, boy. Violent show. You and me both. Oh my god. I remember having conversations about with you about saying you can't commit a crime with that guy around guys too good. Because once he gets on it the most memorable thing he ever busted was you ready for this G he found they found the torso in New Jersey belong to a woman. The guy did a great job. He cut a waist. He cut arms ahead and he threw her whole body into the ocean the sharks got everything except the torso. Torso just washed up in a seaside it to some Jersey Shore town. You remember this episode? Katarina, and she fucking had faked its

serial numbers from the tits. That's not who she was. But no, no, it gets better. He went deep into the murky waters. He also went into his stomach. And the food that she had eaten had been processed. So there was certain clam

it was a certain type of clam that couldn't be found. It wasn't that and it could either been Boston or New Jersey. I'm not putting the blame on no by right I remember that. No. So he found that her whereabouts and he found that he called like every restaurant in that area to see who would have that specific type of clamp.

And he fucking caught the killer because he paid for with his credit card.

Whoa.

So he went and found that this specific clam what restaurant in that area so that and that's what she had enough stomach. They weren't cherry stones are the other ones. There were the other ones. There was the most horrific story from that one. One episode where they had this guy believe he was a doctor, and he was infatuated with this woman who was this patient. And when she died, he I think he had married her one time or something like that. He had some kind of relationship with her. He dug up her body and kept it in his house. And it put it tube where her vagina is so he could still have sex there. And he he was buying cases in cases of perfume. And I think that's what tip people off. Because this guy was buying cases of perfume because she was rotting in his bed. So he would cover her with perfume. And this is

autopsy or top HBO autopsy. Yeah. Fucking great show. Great show. And then we'll come on like one. So he studies Jeffrey Epstein. And he finds out that there's breaks in Jeffrey Epstein's neck. That is he's never seen ever in a hanging and only seen from strangulation only see from murderers. They said that he hung himself. Yeah. Am I retarded? I'm am I the only one that's missing this? They're trying to find it's a four foot wall. Yeah, he threw himself against the wall and went down was really the neck had blood, but the fucking thing didn't have blood on it. It's such a horrible fucking thing. Yeah, the cops the overtime they had been working. The tapes got shut off. How about the fact that they deleted the first tapes? Oh, it's so he went he had an original attempt on his life. And then they had a second one. And they can't find the tapes for the second one. And then they accidentally deleted the tapes in the first one. I mean, this. It's not 1930 it's 2020 if they can get away with that in 2020. I mean, I don't know how far

Are anyone's gonna track this down? How far like how motivated they are? Well, the the reason why he got arrested in the first place, is because people did talk about it. And they did get motivated to do something. Because they're like, how does a guy get arrested for having sex with underage kids, and then only get like 13 months. And then during that 13 months, he had basically he was like, he just had to return at night.

Right? He didn't, he had the ability to travel and go wherever he wanted at 16 hours, like work release for the day could go to his office, he could do what you did, literally all you do is sleep there every night. So it was an inconvenience, an inconvenience for him. And everybody's like, what? And then when you start thinking about the stories, and the jet and the island and all the craziness, like this is not a movie, this is real. This is not a movie, there was an island, where an intelligence agent would take

scientists and heads of state and they would bank checks. That intelligence thing is

I'll just say strong rumor, because it's only been mentioned by a few people and like that ABC report didn't mention it at all. Maybe they left it out. I don't think they can prove it. When someone says something. And then that I mean, is there a recording of that guy saying who remember the guy that said that he was told that it was that Epstein was intelligence he was above his pay grade Acosta? Yes, he was his name again.

I don't know the Alexander Acosta, Jim.

We got fired though. Or he had to resign after they went and looked into this and you got rearrested. I have not seen bombshell. Have you seen bombshell? That's that new shot? He's dead wrong. She plays Megyn Kelly, right. Roger Ailes. Yeah. And it's all about the sexual harassment. And I was watching. The ladies watched it together, the actual women that were that lived it, and then they afterwards, they talked about it. They talked about what was real and what was not real. But one thing that was real is Roger Ailes would make them stand in front of him and twirl around. So you can see their ass so he can see their house. And like So imagine you're a woman you get this job. You're gonna be an anchor. Like I'm really excited to work for you, Mr. Ailes. Thank you. Alright, this one I want you to I want to see your ass while you spin around.

And so he I mean, that's a weird. Is that a real picture?

Photoshop for press release. It doesn't look fake. Doesn't look like a fake picture. They probably weren't all next to each other. Hmm.

What is Megan Kelly complaining about? She was sexually harassed. Oh, yeah. Everybody was? Box. Yeah, apparently this guy Roger. That's his name. Roger Ailes. Right. What they're saying is that, you know, he would say I want to see you naked. I want to see you in lingerie. I want to see naked pictures of you. It was just a dirty old fat dude, who just harass the fuck out of all the women that work there. And that was how they did.

Is that in the movie? Yeah, that's in the movie. Yeah, that's John Lithgow. Right. They put him in a fat suit. Right. Didn't make him get that fat. I don't think so. That's a lot of weight. Yeah, that's some heart attack shit. He's a fairly healthy guy.

But that guy's dead. Right? Did he die? I think Roger l died.

I'm pretty sure.

Look at him.

Go back to those pictures. Go back to images.

I mean, look at that one. The one in the middle. Look at the one in the middle up top with his red tie out. Yeah, right there. Look at that. I mean, if he was alone with her, What the fuck do you imagine you would say what kind of creepy shit? Do you imagine that? Do it say?

Women always think like a guy like that. That looks disgusting. That you would never look I would never have sex with him. He knows that.

guy that's that rich and that powerful. Like and looks like that. He doesn't even probably know that he doesn't have any game. Like he probably thinks that he has game. He probably thinks this is a part of why became rich and famous in the first place. These powerful men before all this stuff went down these guys that ran these gigantic companies, and this is what they did. So they all did. And they got away with it. Everybody knew, right? I mean, how many companies? Here's the big question. How long has this been going on? How long have men and women even been working together like that? It wasn't Jordan Peterson talks about this, that it hasn't really been that long. Like,

you know, in the 1800s men and women didn't work together in offices like this. I didn't watch Mad Men but in that what that whole show is kind of about I think, I didn't watch it either secretaries, wives and husbands and yeah, it's real recent for people, for men and women to be longside each other all day that you don't even know each other and you're an

office together. Throughout all of human history, when people got together and work together, there were a tribe. There were a community. It wasn't strange, random guys that just got hired by fucking HR to come down, sit next to you in your office and ask you questions. You conduct yourself and like, like who are, you know, everybody in those days work with people they knew, right? Like if you were in a blacksmith's office, or blacksmiths workshop, everybody fucking knew everybody. They work together. One of my niece's just had to go.

And she got summoned

to talk to somebody, as you know, where she went. She's going to medical school now, where she'd got her regular,

regular degree. A couple of weeks ago, she had to go, she got to pick a letter in the mail. And they asked her about this teacher on what she thought she had to spill her guts and they had to go and talk and get this teacher fired, you know, wasn't doing anything sexual was what he was saying. Saying creepy search.

He was 60 something, you know, and he's probably doing it, to confront them. And you know,

well, that's we have to think about priests, right? They've got they're, they're still doing it. Right. They still they still keep getting caught. But they've been doing that their whole life, and the people before them did it to them. And there's generation after generation after generation of child molester priests. It's one of the craziest things that Catholics just accept that people aren't. Because most Catholics are not pedophiles. Most Catholics are good people that want a bunch of great, you know, great people to live together with certain rules. And they think if you abide by these rules, then you're doing the work of God. But the people at the top is a certain percentage of them. I don't know what the number is, that are definitely pedophiles. And it's a high number in comparison to every other job. If

25% of dentists were pedophiles, we would all have rotten teeth. You know, I'm saying, I mean, think think about all the different professions lawyers have 25% of lawyers were pedophiles. We'd like their buildings on fire. The fuck are you talking about? But for some reason, I don't know what the percentage is. I don't think it's 25% of priests. We think it is. Here's the fucking thing with the priests thing that kills me.

The priests bang worked pretty much. It was a no, no. I mean, we're talking about the 60s and 70s. I did a Google search. On the grammar school, I went to just a look. Just the look. I went to Sacred Heart School for Boys. And one day I went on then one night, I was high. And I would just went on a Google search and went down a foxhole and one of the couple Reddit pages of people saying different things. And you know what, I swear to God, there was nothing about Sacred Heart School for Boys and that you couldn't find them. But I looked up a different church that was close to my house. And it was 200 cases.

Nobody gets prosecuted, and they move into another archdiocese. And you start your little charade again. And then when you start, like say, you fuck up for fucking different states. Like let's say you go from Jersey, to Minneapolis, to San Diego into Louisiana, then they ship you overseas.

Once too many letters start to come in about the situation then they ship you overseas, and they'll put you at the fucking Vatican or whatever. That's what's got me fired up. I grew up in this. Did I get molested as a kid? No. Did a priest bother me? No, I wish I could sit here and die. Was I an altar? Boy? No, I worked the bingo. So I didn't really have much contact with the fucking priests. You know, when I did, Vinnie brands, we did the stress factory. One of my friends sat in the front row. He was my neighbor. He lived two doors down next to us. And after the show, we were laughing. And we were laughing about the pedophiles in the neighborhood, how we would torment them. Like we knew they were paedos we had a guy that played to entitle us with No wonder we're on Puerto Rican Nelson. And then his law was ice cream. We take the ice cream and then we come to go fuck himself. fucky when I go back to the apartment will fucking kill you. You know, you knew they got pointed up the story I tell about New York about the fucking

the guy that used to chase little kids and that's a true story. It's not a joke. It's a joke on stage. But that's a true story. You know who the kids the people were in your neighborhood that got called out in the 70s and 80s You know, don't fuck with that dude. Yeah, you know there's a there's a cop in my neighborhood where I grew up. I just found this out. I just found this.

At there's a cop in my neighborhood that was dear friend that I grew up with. He had two younger brothers that were twins.

One of the younger brothers went to jail for murder. He killed this fucking gay guy.

What just came out was that that gay guy was molesting him. He gave him a summer job

when he was in the eighth grade and started molesting him,

and they still reduce the sentence, you know, he went back a murder as an adult.

He came back when they when he was 30 fucking murdered him. I think they gave him six years for involuntary manslaughter. He pleaded down, but this is you know,

it's you don't want I don't know when it comes to my dorm trust nobody. And you set a joke up on stage the one that I know it's not a joke. I'll keep you. Yeah, I'm going to keep shooting it. And whoever your mother your wife, I'm going, I'm going. That's why it's better that like Cuban parents, you can sleep over here. We didn't send them my kid nowhere.

Because this is how it starts. Did you watch them in Neverland? No, I didn't. Okay, never. Neverland is just turned out. What is it escaped from Neverland? What are you talking about? Hey, by. So God, it's Monday. That's something for the spirits might have to learn how to join knots. Yeah, you might. Yeah, you have to get another join. Because I'm ready to rock and roll. You got one of these blondes anymore. Blonde. Yeah. I'm gonna grab one.

Sorry about that fart joke. I've experienced it before. No, I've had I don't want to lose weight protein.

I can't even

I showed you.

I'm sorry. I was looking for a percentage number. I just tried to find the number of priests versus accusations. But Los Angeles, it seems like 10% of the priests, maybe about 600 Priests and it's still the least 70 of them or so have been accused. Oh, god dammit. That might be high might be low. I don't know. That's a lot. If that's the nationwide thing, imagine if that's the same. It's mirrored or even worse. Well, now 3 billion today? Have you seen it running an ad? Have you been molested by a Boy Scout? Or a fucking priests call this number. It's never too late. Bla bla bla bla bla bla, blah.

You know, now you they paid out 3,000,000,500 Plus, just in Los Angeles, oh my god.

10 years ago, right? That was 10 years ago. So they might go crazy that no one ever says hey, maybe this isn't really what God wants. Maybe,

you know, I'm saying I mean, the people that are in the church, the people that are believers, the people that love the dress up nice, and go and behave kind and see all the people in the community at the church. There's a good feeling that people get from going to church. But the fact that it's connected to that is, it's, it's so insane, that it's still there. It's so insane that it hasn't been routed out. And this is still a giant problem. And relatively few people are going to jail. Like relatively few, like you know who they wanted. They wanted that Ratzinger that Pope Ratzinger. That's one of the reasons why he had to step down. And one of the reasons why he stays in the Vatican, I was reading some article about them bringing up charges crimes against humanity against him that other countries wanted to do that because this guy used to ship kids, or he used to ship priests to places where they wouldn't get in trouble. Like, yeah, this one guy was accused of molesting boys. And so he shipped them to this place where he worked with dead deaf kids. And he molested over 100 Deaf kids.

It's like, what did you do?

Like you shipped a child molester to a bunch of people that wouldn't be able to talk about it? Well,

like you'd be able to get away with it easier there. If they settled a case, and that means it doesn't get prosecuted, right. So that's why they won't go to jail. Is that why they haven't gone to jail? today? I don't understand it.

Reports on why aren't they going to jail and like, if you settle a case, you don't do that on court? Like they don't keep prosecuting. I just I guess if you make us like the person decides to drop charges. There was a guy Boston, they were gonna fucking give 100,000 We're gonna put him on the jail.

There was some time Boston I read about years ago to jail. Now I keep it simple. I'm still a Catholic. I just don't go to church. I don't want to deal with none of those people. I don't want to deal with another. Yeah. At any religious level. I don't want to deal with them. The problem is whenever people get into a position where everybody for the most part is like, humble around them, and scared of them, and they have power. Like I remember when my grandmother died. We went to a funeral. And the guy couldn't remember her name. My grandma's name was Josephine and he kept calling her Geraldine. And the priest who was delivering the service. We had to interrupt him say, Josephine, and he was like, annoyed that they interrupt him like, yes, Josephine. Like he he chose

means the net like he didn't even know her name.

And when he's there to deliver this God's message for the last, you know, last time, the fan was going to view the body.

And he doesn't know our name. And when he was corrected, he was angry at us.

Like he had these Gin Blossoms all over his face. He's just some weird old guy who got tricked into

this very strange life. And now it's at its end. And he's been living with robes on supposedly being celibate his whole fucking life, while people kiss his ass and pretend to do something special because he talks about the Word of God. But you could just see in that one moment where he wasn't even embarrassed that he said the wrong name. He was upset that people were correcting him because you don't correct priests. So he's used to that. So there's no one checking him. There's no one checking them at all. Everyone who goes there is in the state of worship. And they're the ones who deliver the Word of God dressed like wizards, like they're the only people in society that are allowed to dress like wizards in modern American society. They dress like fucking wizards. And we're like, yeah, that's how a father dresses. Father dresses like a wizard. Like, you know, people are gonna look back at that and go, Why didn't they think the outfits were weird? Why didn't they think it was silly? This pedophile dresses up like a wizard. And you're not supposed to say anything to him. What is that? Like? What is what is what the outfits the fact that all that shit still around? I just nowhere in the Bible that says priests have to dress like that. Nowhere. There's nowhere.

The whole thing is so bizarre. It's you're wearing stuff that made you look like you were very special to really poor people 500 years ago, that's what you're wearing. You wearing stuff that would impress people that didn't know any better that probably couldn't read. And so before Martin Luther translated these, the scriptures so that people could read it like a phonetic language. Before that people had no idea what what the priests were reading, they just relied on the priest. They relied on the priest to tell them what the Word of God was. Now listen, they could read it for themselves. And Martin Luther was saying he should probably interpret it yourself too. And they were like, Oh my god. So what's it were either of you old enough to go to church when it was still in Latin? Oh, they would say something uses only be in Latin until 70s or 60s. Something really? Yeah, I remember they would say some things in Latin because I remember I'd be five years old going What in the fuck are these peoples? What type of kid were you between the age of five and 10? Were you aggressive? Were you quiet, we are much more introverted. Okay. From the ages of five and 10. I went through I changed and I got hit with a lunchbox. But I believed I really did believe Joe. I really do believe I believe in God. I believe that my father was in heaven. I believe that I taught a shit. Yeah. Then I got introduced to Catholic school. And that just fucked me up completely. Because I believed but I didn't believe on the tail end of it if it was supposed to be loving, licensed, non smacking me.

Why is this not hitting me with a fucking ruler? What What? What?

And then I saw the anger in their heart. And it turned me off completely. Like I didn't like it. Today. I'm still a Catholic with some boards. Yeah, when my body goes like to go through a fucking church, you know, but I don't hold it. I remember

selling cars in Boulder. And a guy came in and we started talking and he was 50 wasn't a good looking guy look like that fucking guy, the 20 year old check with him.

And obviously have to take him on my demo ride. I figured out that he could fuck her and shit.

I realized that he was fucking or she was like his receptionist or something. Okay, but after when we got back I also realized he was my father in law's friend.

So I asked my father in law about him. He then said he's on the board of the church was he's a great man.

And I still remember him. This was Sacred Heart church in Boulder, Colorado. In fact, that's it same church, the head of the football team went to Bill McCarthy and all that shit. I'd see his fucking family there and, and they'd all sit in the front and this fucking scumbag would sit in a second pew with his fat fucking ugly wife.

She had the ugliest fucking wife in the fucking church. They would hit her with the net with that money that they would just hit it with it like fuck you. Ugly. But the point was that

I never respected it that you cheated on your wife. But then again, you're right there. Playing the fucking I'm a good guy. That's a classic story. The classic story is the big one is the anti gay pastor that turns out to be gay. There.

There's so many of them. There's some wasn't a one where a guy got busted on because he was trying to use an Arby's card was not the case.

That's a common one for anti gay pastor that turns out to be gay people. Preach the Word of the Lord. Yes.

Stay away from the K folks. Missouri church leader tried to pay for sex on Grindr with Arby's card.

Whoa, look, it's a hustle that they got away with probably forever. There's they probably hid, like, who they were and what they were doing forever with this act and this smokescreen, and you could kind of get away with it for a long time. But that you can't get away with that today.

And if you're, you know, like, why are you so great? Why are you so against gay people like one of those camps where they send you to get anti gay yes again, but they always take him a tick the Lord into you. Touch your dick is what they do that people that have been to those pray the gay away camps that claim that like guys were hugging them with full heart ons behind them, telling them it's alright that God loves them. Like this guy was pressing his dick against this guy's buttocks. Like they they made him sit like almost in a rear naked choke position, where the guy who's the counselors behind you, with his dick against your back? Like, Hey, what are you doing? Is this really God's plan? There's a South Park episode about the CDC.

pray the gay away. Oh my god. It's called cart man sucks. It's from Season 11. Episode Two 2007. Perfect. Yeah, there's been a lot of those. There's been a lot of like real recounts, you know, recounting where people went to those camps. They're like, Oh, my God, everyone was gay.

Like, everyone was like, even the counselors, the guys who were saying they were gonna pray the gay away. They were just trying to fuck you. I don't know how much fucking they do, or how much they just hang on to you back with a hard on and pretend that nothing's going on. I don't know what really goes on. But whenever you got someone who's that adamant about it, you gotta wonder. Yeah. Anybody ever tried to make a move on? You know? Yeah. When you were a kid? Yeah, couple times from five to how old? The scariest one was when I was 13. When I was 13. I was in Boston. One time it happened before but a librarian saved me. I was like eight.

I was in San Francisco. And I was really in a monster books back then. I was into monster movies and Monster books. And I was looking at these books and it's creepy dude came over to me. And he said, Do you like Monster books? And I said, Yeah. And he said, Well, I have monster books in my car. Do you want to come see him? I said, Okay, so I was eight years old. I was dumb. Started walking behind him in the library and screams out Joseph, you get away from him. He just got out of jail. I'm like, Oh my God. And the guy ran. And I ran to the librarian and she hugged me and I was crying. was very scary.

I got a call with a guy who was freezing boss wasn't common. At the basketball. I was at St. Michael's gym. I got to Kennedy Boulevard and next thing you know fucking

has no number one bus. I'm that fucking

10 below. guy pulls up. You want to ride? Yeah, get in there.

And I still remember how he acted. Like, from the beginning from the minute I got and something wasn't right. His energy wasn't right. And he thought he had he thought he had pray.

And stick he was like we were we were 18 and we were taking a girl back to our apartment. You know, we were kind of clumsy. He was clumsy. And at the light, he went for the boy he was you like playing basketball and football and they touch my deck.

Like he slipped into Kelly's Vaizey. You like it? And I was like do I fucking like it. And Joe Rogan the door open. It was like God open the fucking door and I just got out and ran. He kept saying come back. I was just teasing you Come on. I'll give you a ride. I was already home. I was at the top of shits and barn. Well, I give a fuck. But that was basic. And I always think about that. Like why didn't people approach but I knew today looking back I still number three guy I haven't met a high school teacher that would come on as a basketball guru. And I found that and I always thought a little weird about not married, you know? And then years ago somebody said yeah, he was sucking kids deck centerfield shit.

I had a guy slow play me at a lake. There was a guy that used to run around the lake and talk to us when we're fishing. We're probably like 13 Me and my friend Josh in particular, we'd go this one lake. It was in our town. And we'd fish there all the time. And this dude would come by all the time and visit he was always friendly. Start

off real normal, what are you guys up to catch the first like, Southern accent seam, I got an old gentleman.

And then a couple times he came when it was just me. And then he just sat down next to me and talked to me. And I was naive. I was 13 I just thought he was a real nice guy. Like almost like a older brother type figure. It's gonna give you a good advice. He talked about cool shit. He was a teacher. He got kicked out of his position for some unfair reason. He wouldn't really be specific about it. But he said, you know, they didn't like the way he taught.

And so anyway, this dude just becomes my friend. Like nice and slow, nice and slow brings me lunch. I even went to his house once.

And then one day, I am fishing and he's drunk.

And he tells me he loves me.

And I think I said something like, I really like you too. It goes, you know, there, there can't be love without sex.

And I remember thinking what? Whoa, like, what did he just what happened? And then I might remember thinking what a dummy I am. I thought this guy just liked me. He was I was his buddy. He's gonna teach me things. You just like teaching people. It's just really smart. That I had my hand on the knife. I had a Swiss army knife and the little red plastic ones, you know, the ones with the cannon. Yeah, they have all kinds of shit. And all I was thinking as I put it in my hand in my pocket, like I held on to it. And I remember thinking God dammit, I hope I don't have to fucking try to use this. Because I was thinking, it's like, he's, he was a big guy. You know, I was 13 I don't know what I weighed 120 pounds or something. I'm like, fuck, this guy might beat the shit out of me and rape me here in the woods. Like he was bigger than me. And he was always jogging, you know, wasn't in bad shape.

And he,

I told him to get the fuck away from me. And he told me not be upset. And then I left. I got away. He didn't chase me. You know, he didn't want to be violent. He wanted to trick me. And

he wanted he didn't want to rape me. He wanted to trick me into fucking I got real lucky that that was the case. But then years later, I got a letter from him at my house. That was creepy, because it showed up in the mailbox. Like he had figured out where I moved to.

And sent me a letter. Like, whoa, and it was like real, like friendly and professional. Like a real professor like a scholar. I don't even remember if you ever apologized.

But it was real weird. I was like, Ooh, I dodged a bullet.

How many guys that are like that but aren't nice. They just want to get you close and then rape you. That's much more likely probably.

That is some horrific shit, man. We're Puerto Rican Nelson. I went to his house. That's the name. That's what we called him. He was Puerto Rican. His name was Nelson. And we've been given that terrorists and lived next to the Latinos but in the back.

And I think he raped guys with a black dude. Like there was a black friend that his dad would come over and then they give you beer and all that shit. So he took you in As You Like buzzy

type of kid like even always, like you want to see some good buzzy and then that's how it started. Right? Yo, there you go in and it started with the porn first.

Yeah, bring your buddies anytime you want. And it was a pawn and then it would get us nickel bags weed. He started we'll I'll get your weed.

And then he introduced a black friend. And his black friend just looked fucking retarded like his Afro was cut weird. He had weird air. And I remember him distinctively speaking about the Rock of Gibraltar how he had just come back from Africa and we were young kids like wow. And then once he showed us to pull on it came out like a week later somebody said bro, that dudes no good. Ask what's his name? He went over that he had not he asked her if he could suck his

shoulder like what do we do here? We call the cops or do we tell calm? I'm like no, let's just play the guy because he was selling this weed. He was like a bartender in the city must sell this weed.

And then he pursued the porno thing with us is that you guys don't understand. You know and then he talked the center he like I'm gonna fuck my girlfriend come over and listen.

And we would come over there at night and listen that he would leave the window open. And it was his girlfriend and fucking that she would be saying Give it Give me milk daddy.

Daddy like get creeped out and ran out there one day

And then one day we actually fucking went back then he got normal. I think with the misunderstanding with the one guy he got normal like we somebody checked them. And he got normal. And then like the next summer was when he would come out and play football with us with a robot. No wonder what

is Deckard?

Well, like, what the fuck is this guy doing? Like he went to desperate measures aversion. And I think Mrs. Inoty said something to him. You can't be doing that around here. We did that guy. And he's like, no, no, I just want to get exercises on like, he told us I'm weird. And that was the end of that. You know, what's the classic relationship? The classic relationship

with with crazy old gay guys, is the crazy old gay guy and the young guy that's having sex with him for money. Right? There's a lot of those cases. Is that more accepted in the gay community that is the straight community? Because like it was straight community, if a guy is paying a girl for sex, it's prostitution. And everybody's upset. But is that how it is in the gay community? Like two guys give a fuck? Like, how many gay prostitutes get arrested? Is it even close to as many as straight ones? Like I would assume? I would assume like no one's getting arrested. Like is that how many

gay prostitutes get arrested? I think they do. You think there's just less number? So it's probably how would

you think there's less of them?

Probably less than overall, just for the numbers. Yeah, we live in a place it's made of dreams and people fucking have dreams. Though. Dwayne.

Dwayne from Joe Rogan. I mean, look at all the situations we've discussed just today alone RV, Eric Epstein Bikram? You know, Marilyn Monroe. That guy two weeks ago that two people died of speed in his house. That fucking nutcase. And that same guy at Buck that more people died there. No, no, I'm just saying that yeah, he finally got arrested.

Oh, I thought you know, we're living in oh my god, it's such a shame that that's what you do for a living is fuck with people's dreams? Well, I think that Ed Buck guy is probably just a serious addict

who's got some money, right? You know, taking it on this guy and shooting them up with drugs. With drugs. We let you know when I first got here the hot book was you'll never work in this town again. It was a hookah who fucking did a tell all book about Don Henley calling her up to a house and they had a bend over. And Don Henley would snort coke off to her asshole. And then get up plugged in once and sit back down and just sit there. So you had to go to Don Henley's house, he had a fireplace for women and he would just say bend over naked. God damn, snort coke. Get up fuck you for a minute and then sit back down. It's not Miko. You know, she told all those stories of different movies would be like that. I would be disappointed if he lived any other way. I would think that if you're living back then to Rockstar back then, like you almost were required to do something ridiculous. Like everybody was doing ridiculous shit. Like, no, there was no like, clean and sober. rockstars back then where they're like that hadn't even happened yet where people cleaned up. Like people clean up regularly. Now it's a big part of society, like people improve. How many people cleaned up back in the day?

Right, like artists, artists that were like really into drugs. They just died. They just die. Yeah, they didn't really know Kurt would obviously suicide or whatever. Depending on which documentary you're into the creepiest fucking thing I saw was 1983. I went back to New York I got a job and electrical warehouse close with electric

and I had a load trucks. My job was I get in the morning. Look at the bill of ladings you know, put 12 Fucking 12 feet piping a truck wiring screws. And it was just one fucking drive around. I was 45 years old and his wife was 15.

Whoa, and he would bring it at work with

Jesus. She'd be in the front seat. He did not go to school. The owner knew everybody knew. He if you looked at him, you could tell he wasn't all there. And I'm a mass of them. Once I just just your daughter. That's my wife. I go she's 1514 years. Yeah, the parents sold it to me. Oh, Jesus Christ.

I forget what his name was or where he lived. No, he will live to Western New York. He was a white dude from West New York. But he? You don't but Don Johnson married Melanie? Melanie Griffith before she was 18. Really? Yeah, look at that. She was nobody said Dec. Was that. The other boy look at you

That dude they're gonna throw him on the chair when they get rid of finished with our Kelly, if you think how we Weinstein's in trouble at least how we got to Marvy whatever how we Harvey at least he's got some money left our Kelly's done and like we will fuck it nobody said nothing our Kelly used bribe to marry Alia when she was 15 charges say he brought the government employee 1994 so that he could obtain a fake ID for the singer Alia

Yeah, this is 20 Some years ago, right? He did this he's gonna take us throw him under the fucking jail. He was holding them women captive fucking with the hedge you not allowed to talk to your fucking parents? You know? Was it all that age? Is it all like in the 50s? That's what he's into? Is that what he's Yeah, yeah, they get the video of him pissing on a check, which I never saw. I don't want to see it. I mean, I have no fucking desire to see that shit. What do you think that is? You think he's basically like,

like running a little bit last week and he comes across to you he is professionalism. Listen.

Some people know whom to do when they see. And that's what these women is saying that is professional is skill is the art of the wounded woman. And then he plays wounded. But then what do you talk to her that within the first day of day they got sexually harassed? Not too many people. So as soon as he started that you start with your story about your uncle. And he's gonna take k and he's gonna do this. And so that's how he went in the stories that these women are saying it's just fucking crazy. Like, it's just other level fucking craziness.

My manipulation, you know, it's just deep old school pimping? Me, you and I went to see American pimp. Yeah. And went to that barbecue place. You took me to a good barbecue place next door to an American, that was the US brothers. Just that mentality of spotting those type of weapons. You know, it's fucked up. It's horrible. And I feel terrible about it. And it just makes me feel sick of hearing the story. But what makes me laugh, is if we found out that JLo had been capturing 15 year old boys and pissing in the face, we would think it was hilarious.

If JLo went to high school, and she got all these sophomores, and she brought them back to her place for a gangbang we would think these kids had a good fucking time. That is what it's, it's one of those big giant differences between the way we feel about men and women. This R Kelly thing is horrible. But it is it is kind of funny that if our Kelly was like a really beautiful woman, and she she was doing the exact same thing to 15 year old boys making them live with her and either posting in chat, we would need to larious we would just think it's hilarious. Donna's doing it. Yeah. Madonna is doing it. He does not read or write exceedingly well, except when it comes to amazing musical tracks. His attorney said.

Okay,

he doesn't read or write well, that's

the whole thing is that it is weird art our ideas of sex based on gender. It's fucking very different. Very, we feel very different about that story. There'll be a hilarious story. If there was some big tidied freak singer, who has a little sex call and she brings 1516 year old boys over. We wouldn't really, we would be like, Wow, but we wouldn't feel like a crime guy committed

hypocrites because I make jokes of it on Twitter, I see it. Another 16 year old teacher sucks addict, you know, but then you think Jesus Christ, I have a daughter who swings both ways, right? So we're hypocrites, and we're hypocrites. And who we you know, for years, we heard about Michael Jackson as people look you in the fucking face and go Michael Jackson never touched a kid. Yep. People will look you in the face today and say, OJ Simpson and kill that bitch. There's people that are gonna think what they think Joe Rogan. So

yeah, I don't obviously have any idea what happened with Michael Jackson. But I would assume that there was something wrong, just based on the way he behaved. I would say like one of the things are weird about the way you behave. The way you talk is weird. Like everything about you is like you're so so shattered by this whole fame thing and you're constantly getting plastic surgery to the point where nobody can even recognize you anymore. I mean, we never saw that before. That's the first superstar we ever saw. That like literally became a different human being like changed. His face changed. His nose changed. His chin changed everything. The complexion of his skin the color of his eyes, like everything, just kept fucking with his face, his nose would collapse. And we were all aware of it. We're like, whoa,

Joe Rogan here's what you when you watch never Neverland. I want you to watch it alone. And I want you to watch it from the perspective of what you've seen as a comedian.

What is it actually called Escape from Neverland? Whatever the fuck you never never I don't know Finding Neverland Don't worry, I'll take the fucking napkin. You know, I'm not a pig. I know the napkins Baba. No, it doesn't bother me at all. What I'm gonna say to you guys,

when you when you watch this movie,

you're gonna get it the same way I got it.

The lucky thing is that people like you and I didn't drink the Kool Aid. You and I have been at the store and you and I have had discussion. And you and I have seen it's 2020 whatever the fuck it is. I know you've since 9798. We've seen 1000 comics. come and go. Yeah, some of it is addiction. Some of this lifestyle wasn't for them. But there's a percentage of them that one day you were talking to them about writing jokes. The next day, they were talking to you about scripts and producing they just lost their fucking mind and drank the Kool Aid. And because they drank the Kool Aid. Now they come back to calm and it's been four years that they've been playing that little fucking stupid charade. And they lost all the steam all this thing. There's a lot of guys who are promising comics who wanted to doing that. And they want to bring in these scripts to Comedy Central and all these places I'm executive producing this and that and that and this and then it all dries up and then they their act is not good anymore. So when you watch

this never Neverland, you're gonna see people who got caught up Joe Rogan.

People who lived in Simi Valley and when they Michael Jackson came to your house and paid your bills and said, You know,

I'm gonna take you guys on the road with me. You're all included. It starts off with the room down the hall. And then next thing you know, he's in the room next to you. There's no more rooms on levels in the same hotel. So you're in a hotel next door to you. But your son your daughter really wants

to sleep Michael Jackson, Jerome Daddy. Oh, because you're getting thrown. You know you're getting thrown money to go out to dinners. Oh, am I was picking up to go see you too. You're gonna leave your two daughters with fucking Michael Jackson.

Caught up. This town is about getting caught up. I'm sure Maryland on rolling come to this down thinking she was gonna be sucking Kennedy's deck. Champion kindness deck. And fucking the baseball players deck. Yeah. You know, they passed her around. She was sucking. She was passing mom information to the Kennedys and back and forth. Did you ever think about fucking that? Yeah. I mean, not. Not Marilyn Monroe. Yeah, yeah. To what the fuck I am talking about one of them. One of them was fucking Kennedy. Oh, she did? Yeah. Marilyn. Marilyn, this town has, you know, it's always been that way. We were talking about Fatty Arbuckle earlier. What we pick and choose? You don't think that nobody knew about Harvey Weinstein. Nobody knew about Harvey Weinstein. Nobody knew that you could tell him. Have you seen the video where Ricky Gervais jokes around about them being friends with Harvey Weinstein, in the last Golden Globes. And then there's a whole series of people thanking Harvey getting up there and thanking Harvey. All these including people that have accused him of things, getting up there and thanking them and talking about how they wouldn't be here if it wasn't for Harvey Weinstein. I mean, it's like fucking 10 minutes long. It's all these famous people thanking Harvey or God lol and everybody's laughing like people, people were just giving them so much praise all these like super famous actors. Daniel Day Lewis, everybody, you name it, everybody.

Faye Dunaway, whoever they're all up there thinking Harvey Weinstein. He's amazing. Harvey, you're incredible. It's, it's

it's crazy if you stop and think about how recent that was.

And nobody knows.

I don't think they knew unless he did it to them. What it was, you know, I think there's there's a an innocence to a lot of people's perceptions about people like that. Is that like, both parties are in on it. Right? Like the girl wants to go to him because he is going to offer her a role in a movie. And he wants the girl to come to him because she's hot and he wants his dick sucked. And they both know it. Right? There's those cases. But those are very different than the ones where he holds the girl down or he takes off his robe and she expected it to be a real script. And

those are very, very different things. And I don't know if people knew about those. I think they thought it was more of the former than the latter. I think they thought it was more

Like, creepy deals he made with actresses but kept his word and they sucked his dick. But then when you get the other stories makes me go okay. It's probably because

they knew. But the people around him knew he's a pig, but probably didn't know what the worst accusations were. You know?

I just didn't want that to that could be committed. They know what they didn't want to know. They had to go to his party's data either this meals they had to attend this functions, but that didn't really pass a line. Yeah, those people too. Right. And then amazing movies too. And in a way it's just as guilty. If I tell you right now, I'm going to shoot Redman and you sit here I shoot red bang.

You get prosecuted?

Oh, that's right. Yeah, you get like an accessory your knowledge. So you know, when when Epstein or Weinstein or whatever the fucking guys were doing what they were doing. You had a no

I take you to a bar. Within 20 minutes you will look at me and go look at these guys don't

right or wrong? True, right? I go to fucking Dan Tanis to eat. I see a guy. I see a guy working the fucking. I see a chick work. I mean guy for the small nickel.

I even heard the guy look at him go 500

It was that first row where you sit in the bars right there. 24 months ago must have been. You know, it's this is it. Yeah. Well remember when the guy from the Clippers got in trouble? what's that guy's name? The owner? Yeah, right. What's his name?

Sterling Sterling. Donald Donald Sterling. Right? When he got got recorded, saying the chair. Yeah, it was a girl that he was banging with this girl. He had bought her a penthouse. He bought her Ferrari butter a Bentley. It's just and she was for him super hot. Like look at her. That is a pretty girl. And he's a disgusting looking old man. Right? So that was his Uber side piece. So he would just buy her everything. But after a while she's like, he'll enough. EO.

Pretty hot, though. In like, that kind of trashy way.

Now was that in May two situation. Oh, that's listen. That was he was clear. And she was clear. They were both doing it for very specific reasons. He bought her a bunch of really nice shit. And he was rich. And she was hot. And that's is that her now? What's that state? Face like I started wearing if you want to get seen? Oh, that was back in the day when pepper ROTC. Yeah, let me

let me ask you that match you. You bump into this? Brooke Ah, okay, at the Web Store.

Is it a meet two situation if you don't listen? Are you working?

Let me ask your question. What I think they have to come to you first. What? Okay. 500 fell on my pocket. You suck me, you know, is a useless thing. Prostitution, or useless thing and agreement? Or is that a me too situation? It's all the above? I think

the only way people would be comfortable with it. And even then they probably wouldn't like, like, if, if you believe in people's rights, you have the right to do anything. Well, you also have the right to be a hoe if you wanted to be. So if the only way would ever be okay. Is if she made it clear that she was willing to have sex for money. And this was her choice, and she could do with her body then people probably leave you alone, but even then they'd be mad at you. They'd be willing to pay for sex you fucking disgusting piece of shit. You're supposed to pretend that you don't want to have sex with her and then you wouldn't be willing to pay for it.

It would only be okay in everybody's eyes if it was the woman's choice. But every time we think about if you think about sex for money, everybody on at least I do. I automatically think about sex trafficking, which is like the worst possible case scenario. Right? If you go to a prostitute that that prostitute is that's that's a sex slave. Right? That was the thing that they got the craft guy. They were they were using a false accusation against that guy that got jerked off. You know the guy on the page. Yeah, guys just trying to get jerked off Jesus Christ leave him alone. His wife died a bunch of years ago. So he goes to this place did just regular hookers. They jerked him off. And then he got in real trouble. They were sitting there we're trying to connect him to like sex slavery. It turned out that wasn't the case. These are just massage ladies at church you off like those that are real overwhelming. I'm sure in the valley, all that whole strip. You got to be careful what you walk into. You got to be careful the place I go to

which is fucking tremendous. Look at this. I mean, just to show you looking at my punch card is full nine.

Right it's the hunk Foot Spa. I go in there, it's all guys and one check. And the check is built like me. And if you need a massage, they got like whatever down the street and they got they got all the two types they got all the

time massage Thai, and what's the other one? That's bad to know it's a white new corporation.

Massage Envy. All those places on this block listen, you go get this little Chinese chicken junk for the for the spot, and then give her like a $60 tip.

Because it's 40 for 45 minutes. I give her a $60 tip. She saw me for an hour I leave their fucking busy. Really, she's tremendous. Tremendous. They usually have the one they have the damn fucking happy I got turned on to his bad jujitsu guy. They do the elbow on your back and stuff. I got turned on to this by god i Berto crane, he goes, bro, you. You want the best massage in town I show you and I go I live right across the street. I live right around the corner from it. I could walk there if I want you to go in there some nights I going on date night with my wife. We want to date and we will take sweats. And we switch there and we go and they pull you things they fucking put your feet in the buckets. They rub you down into your shoulders, your neck. Sometimes I don't even I don't want people rubbing my feet. I got that fucking phone guy on the

fucking Chinese hand on my phone. I don't know what the fuck what people? Oh no, I said fuck it. Let me just go. If you are patient zero, what's your patient zero. If they're rubbing your feet, and then it spreads all these people and they have to trace it back. I'm the mother Fuck, I gotta find my toenail. I even got the groom on to get a blowtorch. Feeling as you go up in the valley, and that lady comes. she sticks her thing in the nail and they blow hot. Another lady comes in and they got mask. It's hysterical. And she comes in and we blow it cold there. Like chiropractic crowd therapy type. And the other chick comes with a blowtorch. And they try to blow the fungus away. You got to smell that. You got to smell that.

So I did like six appointments where they tried to burn the fungus off. Oh my god, that doesn't work. The toenail was on fire

doesn't work. Let me show you know it's spread to the other one. So now I got the big one and the one next to it. And he is the ugliest thing in the world. That's like one of those fucking hosts from an eagle.

jujitsu I tried to hide it with a bandaid, but it cuts right through the bandaid. It's horrible. I don't know what else to do. I had to take a medication but I don't know if my kidneys can handle it because the blood pressure medication. Oh, you can't you have to take a fungi thing that's zaps it. But I took one and I tried to zap it and it still didn't kill it. Is there anything you could apply topically or does it have to be a pill they talk I've done everything. I've done everything that happened I'll send the money side to

Clorox I didn't I wrapped it in a fucking Clorox and it's great because I cut it what the best thing I do is I cut it like some nights when I'm bored. I cut it and I take the grinder to it and I grind it into like Coke powder. And it grinds down you have to smell that powder to believe it well. It is so stinky. And I just touching Oh Jesus Christ. And I have to wipe down the counter and throw it away. But I will grind those first two toes it's like a fucking thing

like you're standing your toes

it's sanded I got the extra rock for I had my wife go on Amazon and get like the fucking heart Obama stone. Yeah.

And I just fucking sad that fucking toe nail down. It's funny. I'm gonna tell him

I don't even know. Jesus Christ. I don't know where I got it. It's internal. And oh, it's internal. Yeah, because that's how the fungus is coming out of you. Oh, so it's in your body and it just comes out through your toes so it can come out other spots. Yeah, but I'm not getting it on my nails and nothing like that. It's just on that one phone. I don't know. What if it came on your balls.

Dog This is listen, I'm at the age you don't even know that like no point really want your wife to suck dick.

It's a nightmare.

turtleneck. The nut sack is fucking longer than that. It's a fucking nightmare. I don't know how women could suck it oh man deck is I look at my dick in the mirror. When I got to like the Vegas they got good mirrors. Because you never know. When you went home he looks away does everything because you're used to that

mirror right? It's not that you go away and even walk by your walk past

on a vacation or some when you're on the road working. You walk past a mirror that catches you like I'm getting a little fat. This is like the real hotel mirrors don't fuck around.

But when you look at it at 56 My dick has been through hell. It's got old as you haven't smelled it smells like Newark Staten Island is the pee is different. Have you ever smelled up lately? I'm trying not to I'm when the Ella Machida was saying drink his pizza. Yeah, give him a shot on

this motherfucker, this will poison you. When I wake up in the morning, that first dose of pee is the worst melon thing in the world. Before I go to bed, I drink water a little bit of tight cherry juice. And I take a fucking baby aspirin because the high level after 50 is to get the odd attack between 530 and 12. I was making a mistake of taking that aspirin of seven it's too late. You got bought it. If you take that before you go to sleep. It's better for you. I got to ask you this before we stopped doing this. The before the podcast we were talking about the bedding line for this weekend. Right? Yeah. For Connor and cowboy right. So what were you saying? What are you saying about the over under you guys are both talking about it. You're talking about the over unders like one. One and a half is deals, trying to get people to bed and so what they're doing right now is that what they did they did something spectacular. For starters, when you gamble, you don't gamble on the event. You have to look at what happened the week before. And what's gonna happen the week after that. Now is the prime time if you're a gambler because you have college basketball, pro basketball. You got to action every day, bitch. This is this is when people lose houses. This time of the year is bad. You got football playoffs.

Tonight's the flock and national game that's wearing

what is it college college football tonight's big leg big money big so tonight's big and then we have playoffs are on Saturday. Correct certain on Sunday. We got Conor McGregor so right now, the fucking ESPN to meditate where they just showed con tonight UFC preview as at eight o'clock or six. And they'll show you both training camps and other people on the court or whatnot. Everybody's forcing you to port back Conor McGregor after this weekend. Nobody not even a man Jamie had fucking the Tennessee Titans to beat Baltimore. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody ever been a mother but Baltimore human John Roberts said something for John Rolla say Sam it was like it wasn't gonna happen. Baltimore has been on a hot roll. Baltimore there was another upset to Kansas City that beat the Texans right 2014 They were down 20 For nothing well, you pull up the UFC card for this weekend so I could see was on the card

that's right there's the okay so what

everybody's had me tried to bet Sharon what what's the line that's around right now so you can I get what this is last 262 16 Over Under one and a half rounds

but when I go over one and a half what do I make I make a little more money on the over the under would be the little bit plus plus 105 for under so that I guess the money is on the over right now.

It's minus 135 How can the fucking money be in the overworld pieces slight it's very slight though. Okay, look at this Diego for Hara is the favorite over Anthony Pettis that's interesting fight right there for right there. They know something we don't know. That's interesting. Diego is very good. It's a very good fighter. But Holly home Rachel Pennington. Yeah, that's good fight. Holly home given right. Excuse me. She's a favorite. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Rachel Pennington is tough man. She's very tough painting is one of those checks that like she's had some last second wins like against Ashley Evan Smith, one of the like wild as endings in a female fight. She gets her in a bulldog choke and chokes her unconscious with blood sprang out of her forehead. It was a wild finish, man. See if you could find that finish. Ashley Evan Smith. Raquel Pennington finishes Ashley Evan Smith. So right now what does that look like Donald Cerrone against kind of what's the money look like? I don't understand money line. I don't know. I would. I would be just talking out of my ass. You bet. 100 bucks on cowboy to win and he wins the fight you'd get to 60 So you'd collect 360 And if you bet 100 on Connor, you'd have to bet 320 bucks to win 100 on Connor.

All right, so it's minus 320 The only way you can win this weekend is with Connor

And you see kind of going in and knocking them out in the first round and yonder

would have caught it if fucko wrestles them and it goes five rounds. I don't see a lot of people back and Connor in the Oval kinda looks so good that people are expecting kind of going that this is right. This is Raquel Pennington certified, so just go to like towards the end of it.

It was a wild fight then. And Ashley Evan Smith is the woman who beat Fallon fox that transgender fighter.

She stopped her in her fight right before she came to the UFC. This was just a wild fight Man, these girls were going to war.

So at the very last I mean I think it was like the last second of the fight. She's locking her up in this Bulldog choke and this is why like a blood is spraying out of her head. Oh, they don't show the finish. That's UFC a sneaky like that they don't even see the tap or the knockout like I don't get it guys. I work for you. I love you. Show everybody the choke Why are you hiding the choke? Anyway maybe it's just a time constraint but she got her in this Bulldog choke blood is squirting out of her head and then at the end of the buzzer, she lets go into girls out cold and it was just like whoa, it was one of those fun just whoa like when it's happening you're like holy shit. Now you see something that's just primal this moments in fights that are just primal you know it's sometimes those moments are like they're almost surreal like when Francis and gonna knock down Alistair Overeem boom you're like oh, just primal just what his lip who fucked up oh Rosen strike oh my gosh, I wasn't strikes not gonna fight Francis. Jai Zeno Rosen strike. And Francis in Ghana where?

Columbus Ohio. God damn, that's a crazy fight. Oh, I almost wish more people knew how tough Rosen strike is. You see the fight with Alistair Overeem. And you go well, our store was kind of outpointing him and then he caught outs to slip in really with like 10 seconds left to go on the fight and hit him with a bomb and broke his lip open. That's true. But he's still absorbed. Everything that Astra threw at them did never look like he got shook at all we're talking about a guy and Aleister is knocked out to noodle Santos knocked out. You know, it was the K One Grand Prix champ.

tremendous weight knocked out Todd Duffy and pride knocked out our boys.

He needs your boy they're fucking the Great White hope.

You know what's his name by Clint? Now? He's white hope he's a

Australia. Oh, Brock Lesnar. Right. That's a perfect example of him. But meanwhile, Rosen strike just walked through all that. And I'm not suggesting that the Aleister of today he's had a long career that he says as durable and as big as he was when he fought Brock Lesnar. It's really two different guys at this point. But still rosin striker is a fucking beast. He's so strong man and he's got legit kickboxing skills. What do you see he can fight weekend money? This is what it seems to me. It seems to me that Conor McGregor has an advantage in being able to close the distance. And it may be a speed advantage. This is a perceived thing based on seeing them fight different people. Cowboy when he's at his best is remarkably well rounded. And I think he's more well rounded than Connor. I think cowboy has a lot of tools that people forget about particularly his takedowns are excellent. Cowboy can submit the fuck out of you. He submits a lot of people. He's nasty off his back. He's got wicked triangles. I can see if this went to the ground. Connor getting submitted by cowboy and a triangle. What I couldn't see is cowboy getting submitted by Connor and a triangle. I could see. I can see cowboy submitting Connor I would. I don't think it's impossible for Connor to submit cowboy but I don't see it. I think Connor can win by knockout. Yes, he's very fast. Yeah, his left hand is a fucking piston. And he's sneaky. And he's got nasty uppercuts and he's got a killer instinct when he has you heard he fucking bombs on you. And the idea of Eddie Alvarez fight is the best example that Eddie Alvarez was a world class fighter. And Conor McGregor took it to him like no one has ever done in his career. Tuned him up made him look like he had no business in the in the cage with them. Now for Eddie, he said like he just fought a bad fight and I believe him in the 80s a world class fighter. But the point is, in in go time, Conor McGregor handles pressure is better, as much or better, as good as well or better than anyone who's ever lived. He handles pressure so well. Kisses Floyd Mayweather with an

uppercut in a fight where he's so outclassed. He has zero boxing matches and he's fighting the greatest boxer of all time. And one of the biggest Pay Per View cards ever. It's nuts, right so he can handle pressure. He lost that fight because Floyd is a way better boxer. But he handled the pressure. Pressure against Aldo talked so much shit for a year going on tour together 10 pictures of him stealing his belt gets in front of them. flatlines and then 13 seconds, perfect punch perfect execution, like measures him with one left hand before that steps back. He dives in with the left bank catches them coming in. It's perfect. Under Pressure. He's not the kind of grappler that Nirma med office. He's not in that category. We have pressure on this fight. Oh, he's got so much pressure. He fought he fought the guy who everyone's terrified of and at least he made it into the fourth round right wasn't a fourth round submission. And he probably wasn't really prepared for that fight. Think about how much time he had been offered MMA how much time he'd been working on, you know, just boxing and then spending all that money because he made like $100 million.

The question for me is, who is Conor right now is Conor McGregor the same guy that knocked out Dustin Dustin puoi when he was a savage? Is he the same guy that knocked out Diego Brandao? Is he is is he the same guy that knocked out Josie Aldo Is he the same guy who knocked out Eddie Alvarez or is he just some new thing? Because all this money and all this fame and all this attention loves to party and what does he now

if he's the same guy in it physically, there should be no reason why he isn't he hasn't taken a terrible beatings, even the never gonna fight he stopped him with a choke.

If he is the same guy physically and he decides he wants to let the fucking world know that he can still do it and who gives a fuck how much money he has in the bank. He wants to let the world know he's here to fuck people up. And he's here to reclaim his crowd if he goes into the fight with that attitude.

I mean, we could certainly see a resurgence The question has always been whether or not a rich man has the motivation to work like a poor man. And he's a very rich man. We all know everybody's different. Mayweather fought hard to the day he died. Or excuse me till the day he retired. And Mayweather when he was during his career was rich, like from like, a couple of years and he was rich. He was rich. So he was always rich and still fought like the best of the world and still trained like you have to train to be the best and what type of gaps was he taken in between fights guys? This has been a long gap before No it's not Yeah, before no maca mega off it was a long gap you know it's true the game has evolved a lot you know in a real world I get what you heard me telling Jamie was basically this in a real world

you know Sharon once we got the last five fights he's had to gauge had some ups and downs ups and lost the gauge he lost two miles Vidal

lost real bad Darren till the dare until one was a bad so either the last five fights is two and three is what you lost Tony Ferguson

beat out i Quinta though and looked real fucking good doing it. So he's lost to the game he fight.

And he beat my parent, which was a really good fight for him. Because Mike Perry is big scary guy throws bombs. So beat him. Last Leon Edwards. I think he was sick coming into that fight but you know, lost either way. And beat Yancey Madera. So why am I saying that in the real world? He should take him out people looking at them. I don't think there's going to be that easy of a fight. I like it. I like the over. I love the over. I don't I can't pick a side yet. Yeah, but I love the Oh, I could see everybody back in McGregor when round one. And something crazy happen. I mean, in a perfect world. You know, maybe his chin has been a little suspect lately, Donald? I don't know. I don't think so. I think he's just been fighting werewolves. has been fighting the toughest guys in the world. Look, everybody's chin suspect if Darren tail is smashing your fucking nose open with an elbow. That dude's an animal and he's big as fuck. When Dan tell fought cowboy, he's so much bigger than him. There was a difference between a really big welterweight and a guy who came up from lightweight. Dan tells a giant dude, I mean, he's nicknamed the gorilla. So here we go. Yeah, he beat I quit. Beat Alexander Hernandez. That was a fantastic fight. That was a fantastic fight because that right this kid Hernandez is a young tough guy was talking mad shit. But there's a giant difference between a no diss

Respect to Hernandez and Conor McGregor. Yes, Conor McGregor is used to those bright lights man, he shines, he shines as bright lights. To me the question is really just whether or not he has the motivation to train and fight like a fucking madman again, like he did when he was younger when he was smashing people and for cowboy. It's whether or not he can survive the early storm. I think getting his leg kicks working would be very big, because Connor likes to take that long stance kind of takes that long stance and he fights right leg forward. He fights southpaw. And if Donald can fuck up that right leg, they can figure out a way to attack that right leg, knees, the body coming in. It's gotta avoid the punches though. Yep, he's up there with Who do I say he's with? He's with Sergio Pettis coach up there. He's training. Yeah, he said do Rufus Rufus sport. If he's a walking sport for this camp. They're probably working on a lot of kickboxing. But I guarantee we'll lose will lead me doing some wrestling takedown because he knows that's where the money is when he has a big fight coming up. Well, he's gonna fight Leon Edwards and Leon Edwards is a dangerous man. It's like that's a that's a big fight. And Leon Edwards, for whatever reason, is not known as much as he is skillful. You know, he beat cowboy, like you said, and he's the guy that gotten that crazy brawl with mods with all backstage bows with all hidden with the two peas in the soda.

But that's that guy's a tough, tough, tough guy, super highly skilled guy. And Leon Edwards and Tyron Woodley, that's a very high stakes fight that a lot of people aren't talking about, like that's the fight for the number one contender, because if Tyrion emerged, or if Leon emerges, and it's in it's a big fight, and in the fight goes, well, that person is almost certainly at least considered other than Mozza Vidal, who's the fan favorite? And then the rematch. Those are those are the two possibilities to read the rematch with Kobe and Guzman. Other than that, you want to see, you want to see the winner of Tyron Woodley and Leon Edwards. It just makes sense. Makes sense that that would be the next one or Mossville. Those Those that's how I would look at it. I would look at it that way. I would look at it like there's

there's a lot of options. There's a lot of options for that division. And now Connor is talking about fighting Guzman. That would be bonkers. So if Connor beats cowboy and decides he feels great at this weight, he feels confident now and dedicated he wants to make a run at the fucking champ. There's a big size difference between Guzman and Connor Huisman is a big person he's got a thick 170 Guys a bay that big copies a big fella that copies a big filament big tell so his fucking monster the Dow big 170 Yep, that's somebody else at 170 That's deceiving as fuck too. I think Mazda was in the sweet spot. He's not too big, whereas to kill himself to make the way but he's he can obviously knock out Welterweights easily. He's knocked out a lot of welterweights. I mean, the the Ben Astron one is fucking preposterous, but of course just even the beating that he's putting on Nate Diaz Matsudo can fuck people up at 170 I, I think him versus Connor would be insane. You fucked me up, dawg. You fucked me up by not bringing them back. The runway has taken them fuck me up. Well, I called you that month that you were telling me this I got the random and put them up at the combine for a week. You know, I went down a foxhole his fights. Oh, he was amazing. About a month ago. Just that whole era. Yeah, I've been turning people on just tell that whole life where the dad was. We were talking about

because I got pissed off with that fucking big round thing because he said he came to the United States on the pretension that he had won three national yoga competitions in India. And I'm not that stupid. I grew up on Wide World of Sports. i We learned everything on why World Sports I saw a dude catch a bullet with his mouth on Aaron bankss tournament. Aaron banks karate tournament. Yeah, really. He in New York City haven't been caught a bull with his teeth. Aaron banks higher there was a dude who that's what he was known for. It's on YouTube. Is that real? I don't know how

Joey, he they put a glass in front of the guy. So both goes through the glass. The two. He put a special mouthpiece on and they shoot and then How close was the glass? Watch. Let me go pee real quick. You play that for me. Give me some volume.

But there's one from one.

Okay, so it's just music. That's all right. So the guy's name is

Ralph. I see it. Well, this is supposed to be the video I thought. What's happening here? Maybe not as price shown in slo mo. But there's got to be like someone who's Snopes is this. I believe Penn and Teller do it you

Now

they do it. Yeah, they touch a bullet in their teeth. Well, pen would be the first one to tell you it's bullshit.

I mean, that's

half of their stick. I should probably get him back in here. Have him explain how the fuck somebody catches a bolt in their teeth. There's no bullshit might not be the way to do it. But there's a way to do it that safer than actually shooting or shooting a gun at your teeth. I think I don't think they shoot a gun at your teeth. Because I don't think you can do that a whole lot of times. See if a guy's doing that. It's not it's doing it. I think I can do it that Okay, give it a shot. It's on. Now he's done it before, right? He's doing his bullet thing in front of people. I would assume that's not the first and only time he's catching a bullet in his teeth. David Blaine did it too. Right? You listen to me? Yeah, that means you have to practice how many times you're gonna lose. Let it dude shoot you in the face. How are you practicing that? That's not real. David Blaine did it with a metal cup in his mouth. Oh, wow. So the metal cup caught the bullet and other guy wore I think this guy that Joey watched had steel dentures. Oh my god. You have you had steel dentures if someone's gonna shoot you in the face. And you gotta make sure that they don't hit your lips. Do you know how hard it is and not hit someone? How close do you have to be? Do you where you're with a pistol? Is that what they use? And you can absolutely sure they're 57 Jesus, there's no way that can't be real. One person died doing it. Of course they should be willing to the most famous person to die we're doing the trick always performed silently, because he apparently spoke no English. When his final performance of the trick went wrong. And he was accidentally shot in the chest. He exclaimed in perfect English. Oh my god, something's happened. Lower the curtain at his autopsy was discovered that he was not Chinese, but an American named William Robinson. But that's a story for another day.

So we're

talking about a guy who was his scam was he we let people shoot him and he catch the boat in his teeth. And it was Chung Ling Soo and he pretended he was Chinese but then he accidentally got shot in the chest. The guy didn't shoot him in the mouth shot him in the chest instead. And he as he drops down he said oh my god, something's happened lower the curtain and perfect English. So the autopsy revealed that he was not Chinese but an American named William Robinson.

Can't do that today cultural appropriation. But even back then. That's a hilarious way to die.

was just one of the guys that was catching bullets with his teeth. It was a couple of fucking lunatics. So that's how I knew I grew up on why bullet sports. They showed you everything. But I got caught in a foxhole. They had Hagler

Haglund Rafi Ooh, Gabi was amazed. Because in those days, they used to do a pay per view on Saturday. And then you had to wait a week. Yeah, for Saturday, Sunday. So no next next out of the fall on Saturday be on Wide World of Sports if you could hold on but I still remember dog being a fucking kid on a Saturday. And watching Doom come Kim and man Seanie walked out of each other because that was live.

Was IBC barbell sports Absolutely.

cooked him that was the reason why they changed the the round number from 15 down to 12. After that guy died. What was that again? This was the season. Oh, yes, Vegas, Nevada. It looks like it's outside, doesn't it?

Yeah, it is outside outside? Yeah.

That's crazy. Tim Ryan you just had to be January or February of 83. Dude, this is crazy. Number 82 like two months before that November of 82 Man Seanie was an animal man when he fought Alexis agua I think that's this right he says he's the Korean guy do come can go rest his soul wrote on a piece of wood before he went out to fight and kill or be killed. Yeah, that guy was a tough motherfucker Ray Boom Boom Manzini. But the tough motherfucker, this was 1979 he was 21 years old. This is the duck who can fight. So imagine he killed somebody when he was 21 years old at a fight that is hardcore man. That's a hard pill to swallow. What was the probably both things and then also probably probably had to make weight. A lot of deaths in boxing apparently happened in the lower weight classes. And then one of the reasons is that when these guys actually enter into fights, a lot of times they're still dehydrated, they would dehydrate themselves pretty bad in the weigh ins to get to whatever weight class it was like 134, but he probably weighs, you know, 134 and a quarter is what he weighed in. He probably walks around like 150 ish or something like that. And they dehydrate themselves and it's very difficult to rehydrate the brain apparently, it's not as quick and easy as it is rehydrating the body and even that takes some time. So most of the deaths

kickboxing have occurred most of them is still very dangerous even for the heavyweight division there was a guy went into a coma Russian guy in a fight a few years back.

But in the lighter weight divisions, they think it's generally when people get more, more more likely to die from fights, and they think it might have something to do with cutting weight. But it's also like, you know, really skillful people punching each other in the head. The Jarrell McClellan fight is a good example that they always point to because Jeremy McClellan, who was just a straight up murder, when he was a light heavyweight, really struggled to make weight man real bad. And in one fight, with Nigel Benn, Nigel Benn got off the deck, and it looked like he was out and made it back into the ring, fight his ass off and then started taking it to Gerald, but this didn't come on camera here again. Yeah, and that was the end of the fight. After Ray Manzini stopped him everybody's all happy. And then the guy slides into a coma.

Winds up dying. So he's sitting there like so he's, he's really battered.

They think again, I think it might have something to do with cutting weight.

It's a fucking horrible, horrible way to go man.

But Kill or be killed. That's what he signed up for. actually wrote before he went out there to fight. I mean, he fought that way too. You know what I saw recently, it was one of the wildest fights. Roberto Duran is Sugar Ray Leonard one. Holy shit, is it wow. Oh my god. I just watched

I think yeah, the rock Toronto was the first one. Louisiana was the second one. Ontario Malta Ontario. Yeah, that's a good one. Those are much I was the first one. Yeah, gotcha. Really good. God. Damn, it was a really good one. It was cold. Crazy. Peanut quiet was crazy fights on that these guys were so fast. Both Leonard and Duran were so fast back then. And Leonard was just I mean, he was America's darling Olympic gold medalists, handsome sweetheart of a guy and Roberto Duran was a straight up savage who was sponsored by cigarette company. Look at that. He's got a cigarette company logo on his back. That was a cigarette company was it looks like Marlboro. I think he had a cigarette company sponsor him. But either way, maybe maybe it was just a design. He was a monster. And he just jumped on top of Sugar Ray Leonard and wouldn't let him breathe and sugar eight decided to try to fight his fight. square it up to the fight. square it up a little to the fight sugar rageous decided to try to engage him like up close like this. So they fought these kinds of fights like this in the clinch total fucking chaos kind of fighting which favors Duran Duran was just relentless. That's wild animal that shit. But see how he's like wrestling with them and fucking under under hooking them and pushing them against the rank staying in his face. He's not giving him any chance to move and have the rematch. Obviously sugar I fought a totally different fight and got Roberto Duran to quit.

But it was an amazing fight. And historically, like one of the greatest boxing matches ever just chaos as Sugar Ray Leonard taking a chance and you know, his ego probably got the better of them said I'm gonna beat you at your own game or try to it. And Durant just stuck to him like glue and just ripped out his body and stayed on him. And then after it's over, sure, Duran still pushed him away. He's like, get the fuck away from me. Like after the fight was over Duran was still mad at him.

Great man dread movement. It was a Montreal it was in Canada because a couple of days before the fight Durant bumped into Sugar Ray Leonard and Sugar Ray Being the nice guy that he is had his wife

and his kids. And he goes Come on. Let's go over and say hello to Bernie because Roberto como estar. And Roberto as I get the fuck out of my face before I fuck your wife and he has read the book, the book, I read the book, I got into sugar race head so badly that that was how he beat him. He said that to me. I'm gonna fuck your wife in the air. So see ya. Look, he comes running back out and pushes and wants to

look at the fuck away from me.

The animal still screaming at him. Fuck you screaming at him after a war. Duran Batum Duran was a monster he was so angry look at him bro even after all that fighting still.

Same finger Yeah, King savage. He was an intelligent savage. Like a savage technician. You know his boxing was so beautiful. Duran was like he was he just knew how to nullify you take away out and put his will on you, man animal. All right, he's still gotta wrap this up. Joey on another podcast. I got to do I love you, brother. I love you very much. I won't see you this week. What I'm gonna see again, Tuesday tomorrow.

I know I'm gonna be at Sam Tripoli's thing tomorrow I'll be then I'm gonna meet the Prophet 1030 Oh yeah. Okay. And then I got

tabernacle next week. Oh shit, Atlanta.

I did the special.

Brendan Shabazz. Yeah. I love you. I love you to

make the right choice tonight.

Bye, everybody.

And we're live. First of all cheers, gentlemen. Let's have a little bit of altos relax, Bob, thank you very much for doing this. I really appreciate it. I understand that you've told the story many, many times, you've been grilled many, many times, and it's very stressful for you. So I really, really appreciate your time. For people who don't know the story. There's a documentary, Jeremy core Bell has a documentary out right now. It's called Bob Lazar area 51 in UFOs,

and flying saucer and flying saucers are 51 and flying. So

I first heard your story decades ago, I've told you last night we went out to dinner, I've seen pretty much every interview you've ever given. I've followed the story incredibly closely. But for people who don't know story, let's give them the bullet points. You used to work at Area 51. And area 51. Got you you'd like?

Well, you know, we want to be accurate. Okay. As for as for it's about 15 miles south of area 51.

Okay, um, you worked in? What would you? How would you describe it?

I guess, within the area 51 compound, you can call that a subset of area 51.

And you got that job. Before that you were working.

Before that I had worked at Los Alamos National Labs in New Mexico. And you were involved in what kind of work nuclear weapon development physics. I mean, that's they do everything there. So

how do they approach you to say, Hey, Bob wants to come on out to the Nevada desert.

Well, the way this went down was at that time, it was 1982. I had put a jet engine in my, my Honda. And Los Alamos, put it on the front page of the paper, said, you know, Los Alamos man physicist at the lab, you know, built this 200 mile an hour, you know, on the jet car that I drove to work every day. So, so I was known in Los Alamos, the guy with the weird car, and you know, you could hear it from, you know, a mile away. Anyway. The day that came out on the front page of the paper, was the day Edward Teller, the father of the hydrogen bomb was giving a lecture down there at the lab. And we didn't have much going on that day in our group. And I asked if I could go down there. And I went down there early, and Ed Teller was outside, leaning on a brick wall there and reading the front page of the paper. Now, this is a guy at a history. So I introduce myself, Hey, I'm the guy you're reading about there. And we talked for a little while, and it was cool. You know, fast forward two years later, I had moved out to Las Vegas, and had left Los Alamos and, you know, went on to other things, and I wanted to get back into the scientific community. Yeah, I left start other businesses and, and that sort of thing. So I sent resumes out and one of them went out to Ed teller, and referenced our meeting, you know, back back in the day, and anyway, he remembered me and gave me a reference somebody to contact at EG and G. And that's pretty much how it started.

So you get a phone call or a letter, like, what do you get?

Well, I got a, what did I get? I got a letter initially, and went down for an interview probably a couple times, and it was down at EG and G special projects, which was at McCarran Airport at that time out in Las Vegas. And did

they give you any sort of job description, what you were applying for?

They said it was for I can't remember exactly what they did. This was a long time ago, but I think it was advanced propulsion or something like that something relatively generic, and they said, it's in a remote area. You know, it's gonna be some days on some days off. And, you know, it was kind of a, it was kind of not exactly a full time job, but you might have to be out there for two weeks at a time and take two weeks off, so it was kind of the work schedule would be kind of broken up.

And do they seem attractive to you? Or did it seem weird?

No, it really wasn't weird, because people that work at the test site, anybody that's familiar with the area up there, you know, working at the nuclear test site, or at the Tonopah Test Range north of there. That's typically how things go.

So you had known about it from the scientific community because the area 51 At that time, well, they

didn't say anything about area 51. Okay, so they just said it was in a, you know, in a remote location, and you just know is up at the test site. Right. So but there was no mention of area 50 wanted that. So they've done

hundreds of nuclear tests in Nevada and Nevada that that whole area was there's been there's giant chunks of Nevada that,

yeah, there's a big piece of Nevada and it's split up into different areas. There's a nuclear test site, there's area 51. There's the Tonopah Test Range north of that there's little sub areas, there's areas where they test chemical weapons and things like that. So it's all broken up as a, you know, gigantic test area.

So take me back to first day on the job. You accept a job? They take you out there.

Yeah, it's the first day really, I didn't really get to see a whole lot. The first day was essentially just paperwork. That's when I flew into area 51 proper. And I left McCarran Airport and flew what they call the Janet flights, just you know, a passenger plane from Las Vegas to area 51. And it was really just going through a mountain of paperwork that day, from security clearances to guide there was it was like two or three hours of just solid paperwork. And that was that was really an uneventful first day.

When did things get weird? When did you realize that at what point in time did you say hey, this is not normal work? Like this doesn't even seem like it's from this planet.

That I can't tell you what day that occurred on because so much time has gone by the days of kinda fused into one and I can't days.

Was it a slow burn? Or was there a moment of recognition?

Well, the the first inkling I had was when I came in normal, there's this facility that is at s four. It's in the side of a mountain. And normally we had pulled in with the bus and gone around the front through a normal double door. This time that I went in there were hangar doors open. I went into the hangar door, and in the hangar door was the disc, the flying saucer that I worked on. I saw it sitting there, and we walked by it had a little American flag stuck on the side. And I thought oh my god, this finally explains all the flying saucer stories. This is just an advanced fighter. And it This is fucking hilarious, right. So I went by I slid my hand alongside it, I got reprimanded immediately for touching the thing. And there was a guy and armed guard that followed it soon and just said keep your eyes at forward and your hands at your side and just walk in the door. So that was the first time I'd seen anything that was weird. It was some time later that I was introduced to my my lab partner, Barry. And we had some of the subcomponents of the craft in the lab. And Barry was very anxious to get a new lab partner. So he was very talkative and couldn't wait to show me different things. And it was in the demonstration of the reactor working, where it caught my attention to where this is technology that doesn't even exist. So I mean, that was the first time I knew that this is really something different.

What was it? What was it? What was? What was it about this reactor that made you think that it didn't exist? Technologically Well, it

was that I actually have to back up because there were some briefings that I read it before that, that you know, certainly gave me the impression that this was going to be a weird job. But this was the first hands on thing. This was a small reactor about the size of a hemisphere about the size of a basketball on a metal plate. And when it was running, it produced a gravitational field a gravitational field of its own. Now, this is something that we can't do, we can't produce any gravity. The only way we get gravity is from large quantities of mass. But there's no machine we can have that turns on that makes gravity like, you know, you can turn on an electromagnet and it makes a magnetic field we can't make a gravitational field. Anyway, this device was producing that and Barry said almost like he was bragging go ahead and try and try and touch the sphere and I I couldn't it pushed my hands away just like two light poles of a magnet. So that was like when you

take two magnets and try to press them together. Yeah. each other. Yeah,

cushion feeling but you can't you can't get them together. The closer you put them the more they push, but you felt that physical with my hand. Yeah. Now there's nothing. There's nothing that does that. And that immediately caught my attention going, Wow, this is something else.

What was your thought? Like when you felt that and you knew that there was nothing that you were aware of that could produce that

that connected me to the briefings that I read on the The first day at s four was that, you know, everything that I read was apparently accurate. What were you reading, I read, it was kind of an overview, this project was to back engineer, the alien craft. And specifically it was to try and back engineer and see if we can duplicate the technology with available materials. Now to do this, they split the project into many different pieces, for several reasons. They do this on all classified projects. So nobody has the complete story. But they compartmentalize everything, that we had the power and propulsion system. So what briefings they gave me were like a one or two page overview of some of the other projects that were going on, you know, on the craft, the only reason they do that is just in case, what you're working on is connected intimately in some way that we don't know of to one or the other projects, you have to know their excuse me their existence. So you know, I bet, again, they everything from metallurgy, to you know, weapon potential, the craft, and these were all, you know, essentially very short briefings, but mine was just power and propulsion. And it made it very clear that what I read was accurate. So

when you're reading that before you actually saw the reactor? What were your thoughts on what they were describing? If you knew that something like that didn't exist. And they're describing it in the briefings. What did you think you were gonna see?

I really, I didn't know at the time. I mean, I was reading, I thought, is this some kind of test? See if you're crazy? Well, not to see if I'm crazy to, you know, a lot of times they'll take in real high security. Jobs. I mean, they'll intentionally insert nonsense into him. Whether it's to confuse the fact or if someone was to leak it out, they would carry that information along and know where it came from. So I read through the documents, but, you know, I didn't know if this was, you know, part of some kind of test or, you know, or what, or was it potentially realistic? I mean, I'd really didn't consider it being all that possible. As far as being the actual thing that I was going to work on at the time. How did they turn it on the the reactor, yeah, you react to can be turned on or turned off in a lot of different ways. The way Barry showed me it, the hemisphere is removed, there's a small tower in the middle, when you put the hemisphere on the reactor activates, the reactor shuts down, it's it's load sensing. So if there's if there's no load on the reactor at all, it shuts down when there's a load present on it, it starts up again, load, meaning you can get centered in electrical load. So although it doesn't necessarily operate, electrically, there's no wiring that connects any of the sub components together whatsoever, they just have to be in the immediate vicinity. It's a it is but the stuff is borderline magic. And that's essentially where we left it, you know, when I left the project,

so there was no progress made.

There was some progress. I mean, we did identify at least we think, some processes and, and had a rough idea, we think of what was going on, but I think this is a problem that they've had for a long time. And, you know, I was replacing somebody that Barry worked with prior to me and I think there was some horrific accident that I didn't have a whole lot of information on. But, you know, Barry alluded

to that horrific accident, like where someone died or Yeah, where somebody died, because they were trying to tamper with things or figure out how something worked.

Yeah, the reactor in particular.

But yet he let you touch it. Yeah, I think

what they were trying to do was cut into one. Now they had they had more than one there. And that was supposedly there was an unannounced nuclear test. And that's what it was, at the time. Remember, they were still doing underground nuclear tests at the test site. But from what I understand, according to Barry, there was an attempt made now this must have been a pretty desperate attempt because it's not a very scientific process to cut, you know, analyze something that way, but it looked like they used a plasma cutter or something I got to cut into an operating reactor. How many of these things are they have? They had nine nine craft altogether? I only got hands on with one of them. So I can't really say what the how the others operated. You see the other ones? Yeah, at one time and only one time the bay doors that between the hangars were all open, and I could see all the way through

and Were they all exactly the same? No, they were all different, different shapes. Yeah. But they were all from somewhere else. Yeah, absolutely. Now, did anyone make any attempt to explain or to tell you where they came from?

Now? No, no one is the least bit interested in letting everybody know all the facts, they want to give you the minimum information that's necessary to complete your task. So you're not getting the story of where they came from. You're not getting the story of what how much progress other people are making you just focus on the small component,

but they gave you some indication that they've been working on these for a while. Yeah. When do you think they acquired these?

I really couldn't say, I think they've been around for a while.

So they bring you into this room, you see this react to working you, you realize this is nothing that as far as like the scientific community at current time, has the ability to create ways zeldo? What is your life? Like from that moment on? Is that where everything changes? Because do you I mean, I would imagine the moment you actually make contact with something that's extraterrestrial, whether it's an object or a being something where you can actually absolutely be certain, it's not from here, your whole paradigm, the whole world you live in is now a different place.

Well, this is the only time it became exciting. You know, the rest of the time there, it was really an ominous feeling, being at work, but at that time, it was exciting. I mean, this was now I knew we were on the absolute be actually beyond the cutting edge of science. And I was, I was so absolutely excited to be there every single time I was, you know, it was a fantastic opportunity. And however, in short order, it began to concern me, we really have no idea what we're talking about. And the excitement kind of turned to dread at some point. Because the amount of power we're dealing with, is astronomical, I mean, to affect gravity to produce the effects, like this equipment does, takes huge amounts of power. And I've given the example before of, you know, taking a small portable nuclear reactor and, you know, putting it back into Victorian times, you know, the scientist of the time, and just dropping it in a room. And they come and look at it and see that it's producing power, and wonder how it works, at least start taking it apart. And as soon as they get some of the shielding off, the people are going to drop dead because of the radiation inside. Now, people have no idea that the radiation even exists back then. But anybody that comes into check on him, we'll also drop dead. And, you know, there's no reason that that exact scenario couldn't happen with what we're dealing with. We have no idea how the physics operate within this thing. The power levels are are like I said, astronomical, like it's incredibly dangerous TO TINKER WITH something like that. And, you know, in some respects, we were guinea pigs just tried to find out how to make this thing.

So they'd had a series, as far as your surmised that a series of different scientists tried to back engineer this thing, try to figure out what this thing was. And they would bring in new people in like, let's throw Bob at it.

Yeah. Yeah. And they I don't know how many, but I knew there was certainly one before me, and I knew he died during the analysis of the or the reactor itself. And

you don't know how many have worked on it, and no one gave this could

have been there for 50 years. It could have been there for five years, and they

give you instructions. What are they saying? When they're giving you direction that showing you all this stuff? Like what what are they saying what specifically? What are they asking of you? Well,

essentially what they ask is, was what I said, we are just to gather as much information as possible, find out how it operates and see if we can duplicate it. So but the relays you

where it was from, they never let you ask questions about where it's from, well,

if the information I read in the briefings was accurate, now, what I do have to say is the information that pertain directly to the reactor was accurate. What I read did, I mean did jive with reality in terms of how in terms of how it was made, how what we saw how it operated the materials, how it you know, turned on and what was discovered. discovered about it, I'm sorry, the migraine is really making it hard for me to thank you. So

you know, we we talked before the podcast To tell her buddy Bob was getting a migraine, I know you're very stressed out by this, which is one of the reasons why I appreciate you doing this.

Where was I already? We're talking right the point. And so there was some paperwork that indicated that this was from the Zeta Reticuli star system now. Yeah. Now, how they obtain that? I haven't, I haven't that slightest idea. But it wasn't just from the Zeta Reticuli star system. It was what they called ZR three. So it was a third planet in that star system. So there was no other information about it. Other than that, supposedly, where the crap came from. Now, was that true? I don't know, I have no way of verifying that. But that was printed in the same materials that reference the reactor. Now I looked that stuff up when I went home. And zeta particularly is a binary star. Two stars that orbit orbit one another. And it's only visible in the southern hemisphere, and it's about 30 some odd light years away. So that's literally all the information I have about that. I don't know how they found out. It came from there.

And you also probably have some suspicions that they give you some disinformation like you were talking about before. Where they Yeah, yeah. To mean, if you ever decided to talk about this, they added a bunch of nonsense to make whatever is factual look ridiculous.

Right? Or be able to trace it down. Like okay, this facts came out. And you know, this Lazar guy said a cat, you know, came from Zeta ticularly. So they knew it was

when we read zeta particularly, we're like, What in the fuck is this?

Well, reading all of this stuff, it was what the fuck is this? Like,

why did I sign up for this? What? Oh, no, I

would say to me, this was cool. This was interesting. I was just excited to be out in a secure area. You know, in the middle of the desert. I said, this is awesome. How old are you? I get as in my 20s.

Yeah, so you probably totally geeked out. Oh, yeah.

This was this was great. I mean, I was excited. So I didn't care. I was reading through everything. And

so you read through all the data, particularly thing but then when you see the actual starship with the little American flag sticker on it. Well, that was was that later or before? That? That was before? So before so you see the thing before and you say, Oh, wait, what's that before? Heart so many years? Yeah, I can't. Either way, it doesn't matter.

The days of fuse together. It's so hard to separate what happened in each visit?

Do you remember the thought process when you read that? It's from zero? Particularly?

Yeah, it didn't hit me like a ton of bricks or anything. It's like, Yeah, okay.

It's bullshit.

I don't know. Just now I don't I made because when I read it, I hadn't verified anything. And this was just a bunch of stuff I was reading. And I thought maybe after this, they're just gonna give me a test and see what I can remember in crazy information. And it would, but like I said, When I finally went in with Barry, and had hands on experience with what they were talking about, it took on a completely different meaning.

So there's a plate, there's this thing that looks like a half a basketball. And when it's on, you can't come anywhere near it, you can't touch it. Right? How is What is gravity about that? Like the the concept of gravity, and most people's gravity is bringing something towards

it? Right? Well, I guess you would say it's anti gravity. Its gravity shifted 180 degrees, it's, you know, anti gravity.

And did they have any understanding about what could possibly create this effect? Did they have any areas where they'd like you to look into?

No, they? Well, they knew there was a fuel source in it. And they were proficient at making it work. And again, my analogy to something like this as you can drop a motorcycle off in the wagon train days, and just leave it with the keys parked outside, you know, somebody's plays, everybody will come around it and they'll poke and prod and eventually, they'll turn the key get it to start and become proficient at writing it. Yeah. But they won't be able to understand what the hell's going on. They won't be able to make the plastic fender much less anything else. And I think that's exactly the state we were at. We played around with the parts long enough before I got there, where they could make the reactor operate. Take the fuel out, and know that it makes it work. How exactly what was going on in the reactor? Marine made a mystery at the time. I think we made some progress on what was going on inside. But I don't think anybody really knew anything. They could just watch what was going on and make note of it. How long were we there? I'd say about six months

or so and what progress was made while you were there?

Well, we came up with a bunch of things. reasonably good ideas about how the reactor worked. And one of them was the base the square base of it was essentially like a cyclotron, which is a small particle accelerator, a circular one, particle accelerators and linear particle accelerators are just a, you know, long tube essentially. And they accelerate particles with high voltage and, you know, radio frequencies till they reach high speeds. But a cyclotron does that in a small circular area. And there's this very heavy element fuel element 115, something that wasn't on our periodic charts at the time, but it is now it is now Yeah.

When did it become on the periodic table? Now, the way the charts now

and I don't remember. Do you remember when they

2004, Darmstadt, Germany, I think is where they first fabricated four atoms that lasted two and 20 milliseconds with the atoms. It's nothing right. And then it later was discovered a couple more times that could fabricate it. Then they gave it they gave it a place then on the Periodic Chart after that called muskogean. So

they told you about this stuff in 1982?

Yeah, well, we made it to what What year was this? It was at 88 and 89. When I was there. 82 is when?

Los Alamos I'm sorry. Yeah. So at 89 They told you about this stuff. So this was not like, no, they

didn't they didn't tell me about it. That's one of the things that this group came up with the keep losing my train of thought with this thing.

So this one area this this element 115 was the fuel?

Yeah, it was the fuel.

The world will forgive you for having a migraine, I can certainly give you more. Say what? Yeah, definitely, as I say one thing, you know, but for the last 30 years, people have just been on the attack on Bob, you know, getting to know him the personal effects on his life, it's really hard to understand unless you meet his family and his wife. I mean, this is the last thing he wanted to fucking do was have to talk.

Yeah, we should explain that. Jeremy, you and I had this conversation. I watched your documentary. We had this conversation. And I said, I have to talk to him. Yeah, the document there was there's been detractors. There's been a bunch of people that called bullshit on many of the things that you've said. But over time, many of the things that you talked about, even in the 80s have proven to be true. Things that people said were not true, were proven to be true. Element. 115 was one of them. Right? Right,

right. ELEMENT 115, the fuel they had was stable. In other words, it didn't decay, it wasn't emitting radioactivity. When they synthesized the two or three atoms of the 115, it did decay. And it was not a stable element. So they're, they're kind of two different things. But this is kind of typical elements. Always have or pretty much always have stable isotopes and unstable isotopes, like I think cesium has like 30 unstable isotopes to it. So alright, well, hydrogen, for example, you're familiar with hydrogen gas. It's stable, it's not radioactive. But there's also two other types of hydrogen, deuterium and tritium. And deuterium isn't radioactive. It's another stable isotope of hydrogen. But tritium is radioactive. Now they're all hydrogen, but they just have different amounts of neutrons. So it's the same thing with other elements and element 115. Depending on the amount of neutrons it has, designates the isotope, but it's 115. They will continue to take or experiment and try and make 115 at different isotopes. And I'm sure eventually they'll come up with a stable version. But it's the to stable version that has the properties that we're talking about.

So they somehow or another had acquired a stable version. Did they say that the stable version had come with this craft? Right? Absolutely. Came with the graft. Yeah. So at the time, you having a firm knowledge of the Periodic Chart and knowing what was real and what wasn't real, what was your reaction to having this stable element 115 That wasn't even supposed to exist? Well,

everything was impossible, right? I mean, down down to the metal, I did get a chance to look inside the craft on only one occasion. And this was important because where the reactor sat, might have been critical to how it operated since everything operates without any interconnections. So the placement of components might be critical. So they allowed me to go inside and and look at it to again, I forgot where the hell so

you're going into this craft And what are you thinking when you're inside of it? Like, what are you seeing?

It's it's a very ominous feeling because it's, there are no at first of all, everything is one color. It's like a dark pewter color. And there are no right angles anywhere. It's as if somebody took, I've said this before somebody took a model out of fashion did out of wax. And then he did it just for a short time. So everything melted, everything looks like it's fused together, everything has a radius of curvature, where two items meet. It's, it's a really weird looking thing. But there was almost nothing other than a small foldable, hatchway that, that looked recognizable. Everything was was really unwieldy to pick on it, a way to describe it.

So you, you get inside this thing, and it's designed for something that's much smaller than a human

being. Yeah, you can't really stand up till you get to the very center of and how tall you. I'm 510. And what do you think this was designed for? I'd say something close to half my height. Wow.

So these little three foot tall ish creatures? Yeah.

And that the seats were small, too. I mean, obviously, it was made, you know, for something, something small. But there is no. Like there's there's nothing else in there. There's just seats, the reactor and some of the sub components. There's no There's no control panels, there's no bathroom. There's no, no decorative components or artwork, or anything that you would recognize or trim. I mean, it's just a very bare bones thing. You're

not seeing any screens.

Well, there are archways around it, that are part of the superstructure, and that one of the archways can become transparent. When I was in there, there was another group working on one of the archways. And you could call that a screen more or less.

So through that archway, it would it would maintain the solidity, the solid, whatever metal It was,

yeah, but you could see it just became transparent. Yeah, I saw that happen once or twice. Before I left. Did you ask any questions about what the there's no asking the question now.

But when you watch something become transparent, and you realize it's still there, but you could now see through it.

Yeah, I mean, now, that's not that impressive. We do have some liquid crystal materials that are like that, you know, Smart Glass. Yeah, they call it smart glass. So this is just an I don't know, if the craft is made of, you know, an advanced metal or a ceramic It was cold to the church. So um, you know, I would lean more towards a metal, you're not allowed to ask questions. No, the only they work on the buddy system. So I can only exchange ideas and talk to Barry. Now, this really interferes with science, because science is based on free discussion. And ideally, you get a bunch of guys together, exchange ideas work on problems. And that's how things move forward. But they're so over the top concerned about security, they split everything off, and everybody becomes stagnant. It it, it just destroys any of the progress you can make, or at least makes it go so slow. They I think they wind up shooting themselves in the foot,

which is probably why they arrived at this bottleneck that they needed to get this madman with a jet powered Honda come in and see what he could do. I think

that was an act of desperation. I think they wanted someone that's thinks out of the box. And let's just give this guy a try here, because they weren't. And they might have done this four more times since, you know, up to the point in time today, assuming they're still working on this thing. And

when you see this craft and you're inside was there any indication that there was an area that they would use to control it to pilot it was there a pilot seat was there,

there were three seats, they sat around the reactor was in the dead center of it. And then equidistant around there were three seats. So that's all the there was a large youwould they're not consoles, there are large rectangular objects also spaced equidistant around the center. There's nothing on them, there's no buttons, there's no lights, then they look trawl, same color, this everything is the same color, different shape, right? And directly underneath him. There's three levels in the craft. The main level is what we're talking about, directly under that. Those are the gravity amplifiers the big rectangular objects. Underneath them are the gravity emitters that look like for lack of a better word, a trash can hanging on a pipe, three of those and then the top layer. i This is just my personal belief If I think that has to do with a navigation or their version of a computer with some planar panels, sensor panels around the craft that we would call portholes, but they're not portholes, they're just black areas. And I think that just determines its, you know, position in space. But I was I physically was in the center section, and I stuck my torso in the bottom section and hung upside down. So I could see how the gravity amplifiers were positioned. What

is the the roughly the size of this thing? It's

I think it I don't remember from being there. But after all this stuff was over. I had John Andrews, a guy from the testers model Corporation. And, you know, we sat down and tried to figure out from what I saw, and known sizes of things, and we came up with 52 feet in diameter. So small, yeah. So I think that's a fair, reasonable guess.

Now, you said there's nine of them. And you got a brief glimpse at the other ones, were they how are they different? Oh,

they looked completely different one looked like I called a jello mold. And it looked like a classic Jello mold with the rippled sides to it one was a very flat disc. You know, like, oh, I don't like a straw hat or something like that, that was sitting up on its edge. And the thin part of it had looked like a projectile had been fired through the edge of it. So I don't know if they were attempting to see if the metal could be penetrated. Or if something or if that's where the thing came from. Maybe it was shot down. But that was the only one where I saw there was, you know, actual physical damage to it.

And that one was roughly the same size.

They're all they were kind of too far away to tell.

And did. There was several teams that were working on the propulsion system. So there was different teams that were working on these different aircrafts.

I don't know, I could only assume.

Now, when you're sitting in this thing, and you're looking at this otherworldly craft, your your goal is to try to figure out how this thing functions. Your goal is to try to figure out how this reactor is. I mean, it would imagine they would give you more time than just one day to check that out.

Oh, yes. It wasn't one day, right. Yeah, I mean, this is Barry was there. I think Barry was sleeping there. I'm sure they had. That isn't weird. I mean, up at the Tonopah test range where they work on stealth fighters. You know, you go I think, three weeks on one week off, and you to stay up there too. So it's not weird to stay up at the test site. Right. So yeah, I think he pretty much acted like he's been up there for a long time. Yeah. But still there. Yeah. Moving. Oh,

do you have contact with this guy now? Oh, no, I

wish I did. I kind of thought he was going to come out after I did. Right. And I think I took so much flak, and it's so much shit for what went on. I think actually, I wound up helping security there. And everybody became afraid of, you know, doing or saying anything after that.

So what kind of reports did you have to give like, so you're not making much progress, right? You're just trying to figure out what this thing is? And it seems impossible. So well,

we didn't personally make them. I mean, we were always there was never a lot of information that we gained. The guy you would call him our supervisor. His name was Dennis Mariani, and kind of a military looking guy, and he would routinely pop in, you know, during the day, and, you know, hey, what's going on guys? And he would essentially relay any information, Anything new we came up with, I mean, he was our go between where we presented him the information, then he took it to wherever they were assembling all the data from everybody.

No, assume you're working normal days, like an eight hour day? No, no,

no, it was really weird that I would be only called in on certain times in certain days. And they would be weird hours to most of the time was later in the evening. I mean, I can get a call at 11 o'clock at night, and they'll say, you know, it's now 11 o'clock. By 1145, you need to be at McCarran terminal. And, you know, we'll let you know when we have more information. But what did you do

while you were there? If you're looking at this object, this reactor and you can't figure out what it is or how it works other than the fact that works on this element that we don't even know about,

or Sure. I mean, the thing was, that what you do and you know, with anything, if you're trying to analyze it, all you can do is perform tests. And all we did is try and come up with every kind of test we possibly could I mean, we tested, you know, it violated a lot of what we thought was impossible to violate. I mean, one of the first laws of thermodynamics, I mean, essentially, any machine, any device that operates always makes extra heat, nothing works at 100% efficient. Even the headphones you're wearing anything that takes power, some of that power is going to be converted to heat, and it's just wasted. This didn't I mean, we looked at back then we had infrared cameras, they're different today. But back then you had to pour liquid nitrogen into the camera to cool the sensor down and, and get these infrared images you've seen. But it never got no matter what the load was on the reactor, it never got above ambient temperature, which is impossible. I mean, you're, you know, pulling out huge amounts of power, and nothing ever gets warm. We tried measuring magnetic fields, and there was was nothing there. So we started playing around with the emission from the emitters, the gravity wave itself, and saw what we could do with it, and how it was focused. So we really spent all our time just trying to see what the stuff can do and what we can control.

So you were seeing what it could do, but you couldn't ever figure out how it was doing it.

No, not really. I mean, we really, we really could only use a come up with a best guess. Now, I can't say we really, that I could absolutely state for certainly every certainty how anything actually worked.

Now, how did you know it all how they were piloting it? Because some they were doing some tests where they're having these things fly around in the sky. And this is what gets us deeper into your story. Right?

I was out there for one test. Right? In fact, I was in with Barry in the lab. And Dennis came in and said, we're about to run the test. Why don't you guys come out? Or I think he said, Barry, why don't you come out here and bring Bob with you. We went out there and the craft was already outside the hangar and was just preparing to lift off now. They were in communication with somebody in the craft. So there was a person. Yeah, there was certainly a person in there. Now it's not a comfortable place to be in because it's small. So the guy has to be sitting on the floor in the middle. My best guess and this is

the same specific craft that you that was because you were the that was the only craft that you weren't the only one

that I touched and worked on. And it it quietly lifted off the ground, which was incredibly impressive to see

quietly or silently. What's Well,

quietly because it didn't make sense. It produced a little corona discharge from the bottom at Corona discharges kind of a high voltage brush, little bluish glow discharge as it was lifting off the ground, you can hear a slight his sound, as soon as it cleared the ground by about five or 10 feet. Maybe even less than that. The hissing stopped and the blue go disappeared. So it lifted off quietly, and then it hovered silently, if you want to be specific. Wow.

So then what kind of maneuvers was it doing?

It took for that particular time it took off, moved a little round around to the left and right and then sat back down the the craft itself they communicated with it with a rake because I saw the guy talking and a regular VHF radio to the person in the craft. And I even saw the frequency that was on the the frequency counter the communication, the transceiver there. But what's weird is he shouldn't be able to communicate with the craft with a radio, the radio. The radio waves should bend around the craft. I mean, it shouldn't be possible, every single thing about these, the craft and the way they operated didn't make any sense to us. I mean, that's something we talked about for a while after, why should the frequency bend around the craft? Well, you really have to look at the way the gravity wave comes out of the craft as the reactor is in the center. And there's a waveguide that goes up to the top there's actually a small appendage that sticks out at the top of the craft and it produces a heart shaped gravitational distortion around the craft. Now if the craft is sitting in the air, and you walk underneath it and look up, you actually cannot see the craft. The light bends around it. You're bending gravity bends light It bends radio waves, it's, it shouldn't be possible to communicate with a craft that has an envelope around it. That's distorting all forms of energy. But they were apparently in contact with it

somehow or another through some unexplained way that they bother explaining to you. So this thing gets up, it just does some very simple maneuvers left, right, left, right goes down. And did they discuss this with you? I mean, they said they wanted you to see it.

No, like, they just want it. No, they didn't discuss anything with me. It's that it's that down. We looked around for a bit. And Barry said, let's go back, we went back in the lab, all we got to do is see it. Fast forward. To some months later, I did have the test flight schedule of the craft. Now they had times they had designated high performance tests. This obviously wasn't one that was a high performance test. The high performance test went goes above the mountain range. And they do much more radical moves with the thing. Look, this is a prized item. And they're not doing anything like taking it out of the atmosphere or flying around to other countries or anything like that. This, they just play with this thing right over the test site. But they were doing some radical moves with it. And since I had the test flight schedule, statistically, the amount of traffic and the surrounding areas on the highway was lowest on Wednesdays, and that's why Dene Dennis told us that all the test flights occurred only on Wednesdays, because it'd be the least chance that anyone would see what's going on.

And this was before the government had expanded the forbidden territory around area 51. Papoose Lake and all that stuff, right.

Yeah, I think that occurred. After my story came out, then people started going up on the mountaintops and trying to look down into there. And they kind of freaked out and then did the land grab and pushed everybody back. But yeah, that I think all that occurred long after, it was great that I came out. So

you're working there. And while you're working there, you're under this crazy schedule. Forgive me for explaining your story. But you would get these phone calls, you would have to go to the, to the airport at 11pm. And your wife started thinking that you were having an affair.

Yeah, apparently. So. Now, I did give my permission to have you know, as part of the, you know, security clearance process, I gave her written permission to have the phones monitored, and things of that sorts, they weren't doing any covert stuff, they you know, with any QQ clearance, or Bucha, civilian top secret clearance or military top secret clearance, they go talk to friends, and, you know, play places you've been make sure you're not connected to foreign countries. But you know, monitoring your phone is nothing unusual. However, they insisted that, you know, you don't even talk to your loved one to your partner, to your wife, whatever about what's going on. So she was essentially in the dark, and didn't know the phone was being monitored? Well, part of the security clearance is that not only do you not have any connections to foreign countries and aren't a maniac, but you have to have a stable home life to well, she started having an affair with a flight instructor. Now, they were monitoring this on the phone, and they knew it, and I didn't. So they stopped me coming in. And their attitude at the time was, we need to see how this is going to play out. And if Lazar is gonna get a little weird or anything, so let's just, you know, hold him off from coming in. And, you know, see what happens. And they explain this to you what was happening? Well, after the fact. Yeah, because time kind of went on. And there were guys that were following me around. And I started getting a little concerned going well, did are they booted me out of the project? And if so, they're not just gonna let me hang out at home and go get a new job knowing what I know. So, as time went on, I started getting a little concerned. And I took my closest friends and just kind of got together and said, Hey, remember that job I told you about? This is what's going on. And like, you don't need to take my word for it. Wednesday night. We need to all go out here. I want to show you what's going on. So I took everybody and we went out to members since I had the test flight schedule, and went outside the base out into the desert, and so everybody could see, you know, one of the highperformance tests and, you know, left quite an imprint on everybody's They knew I wasn't. There's videos of these tests, right? Yeah, but remember, this isn't the it's an in the dark in the 80s of the big monster size camcorder and you got, you know, a bright light jumping around. But yeah, I mean, we did a video of it, but there's no by today's standards, it's

but as your videos specifically available the video that you took. Yeah, well

George Knapp has it. It's isn't it? Do you I have no idea. Jeremy. Yeah,

show clips of it. In my film. It's online and someone did a deep analysis of it was interesting to just take a look at how well this

microphone up to face care about a fist from your face.

You know, to see how his video looks now. But as far as video evidence, I mean, we are talking 80s camcorders. And the most important thing is the human story here. Everybody that he took up there on three separate occasions, they don't all like each other. They don't all talk. They all agree on one thing. They saw something that night at the exact point in time and space that Bob Lazar said, remember, this is 17 1517 miles south of area 51. No one even knew really about area 51. We're talking Papoose Lake, and they all agree. They saw something that night they had never seen before. And they've never seen since right when he said it. So that's one of the six things where I'm like, how did he know you can dismiss them? I tried to dismiss it. But some things we can't get around. And there's about five or six of them. How did he know about

it? Jamie wants to find that video right now. What would you look under Bob

Lazar, UFO, S for area 51, just kind of like that. So it's like this S for UFO video, Bob Lazar, and a guy does an analysis, but you're not analyzing these 80s videos. He from the very beginning, Bob never said, I have proof of my story. I'm going to tell the world. He said at the very beginning, I cannot prove my story. That's not why I'm telling this. George Knapp convinced him to tell people. And he lived through it. And I didn't believe it either. Until I talked with George. Okay,

so you, you film these, this test flight, one test find, and then you get caught? Actually,

it was I think, a third time because we went out there the first time. Everybody saw it, everybody was amazed because it did some radical maneuvers. And, you know, everybody had a lot to say about

maneuvers that I've seen. I've seen the video it doesn't. I don't think there's something we have now that does that. Know, in terms of like a human piloted craft? Man, I don't know, obviously, with the

Gulf. No, it's impossible. Nothing can move like that. And remember, we didn't start filming from the very beginning. You know, the, we were waiting for something to happen, the craft took off and then came flying at a stop, you know, turned it around, angle flew back. And then you know, after did some, you know, amazing stuff to get the camera and then we started filming. So it doesn't have all of it on there just as some the way

I describe it to my friends. And they said what is it? I said, Take a laser pointer, and then have a wall and then move it around the wall. Like you know how it moves around the wall? It doesn't seem like it has anything to do with inertia or physics or it's not impeded in any way by the atmosphere. Yeah, that's what it looks like.

You're essentially separated from reality. As crazy as that sounds with it being an in case its own gravitational envelope, inertia is not going to affect it. And you know, this is this is how some of those recent sightings were commander David favor. I'm sure you've heard of the tech stack your UFO. I mean, he describes exactly that the thing operates exactly the way I was describing. That's why he was interested to talk to me. But we saw this. And, you know, on the way home, it's like way we got away with it. We should try it again, the next test flight date. So this became a thing to do. And I think it was on the third time that we got caught. I mean, we started becoming a little careless. I think we took a motorhome out there. You know, I mean, it was like it's stupid, his thing you could have tailgating. Yeah, it was ridiculous. And again, you're in your 20s Yeah. And you know, what was funny was, we went out there, and my friend Jean huff and I were leaning on the front of the vehicle. And just for some reason, we just started talking shit, like, Well, I hope they realize that. I don't remember what we're saying. But you know that something about attacking the bass or something along those lines and stealing the craft or something like that so crazy. And then about 20 feet in front of us, we see a little green light, fall on the ground and roll to us. And unbeknownst to us now it's pitch black, you can't see your hand in front of your face. There are a bunch of guards standing right out there and they had a night vision scope where they were like from here to the wall, looking at us listening to us. The guy dropped it and the scope rolled over to us. And you could see the green screen. We turn the lights on. And all these guys are there. So it was, yeah, yeah. So we did incredibly stupid stuff and got caught as

we should have, because so when they catch when they bring you in, then what happens? Well,

I went in for debriefing. The following day, I went to Indian Springs Air Force Base, which is kind of a defunct base that they used to use at the nuclear test site. And this is when they brought out the transcript of the phone call with my wife. And, you know, they sat me down, and we said, you know, when we meant to keep the seeker, we meant you can't tell your friends, right? You know, and it just being sarcastic and trying to, and then they got real serious. But this is where they, you know, took the transcript out, and we're reading me what? My wife and you know, our friend were talking about, and it was a hard time.

So what happens from there? What do they do with you? Why don't they arrest you?

I don't, I don't know. I don't know why. I'm not sure they exactly. They knew what to do. But they did let me go that night, and I went home. And this is kind of when the most stressful part started. Because you're realizing you're being monitored. Yeah. Now, yeah. Now I know, not only on my being monitored, but now I know, I'm in trouble. And it wasn't a short time after that, that I contacted. You know, at that time, the only investigative reporter I had heard of in Las Vegas was George Knapp. And, you know, told him some of the story because I had no idea what the hell was going to happen at that point. So

George Knapp tries to dissect your story tries to find holes in it, tells it puts it online and makes everybody aware of it. And that's how I found out

about it. Yeah, make a long story short.

What happens? Yeah, to really make a long story short, and what happens from there on I mean, do they contact you and say, Hey, Bob, it's probably a good idea. If you shut up. I try to label you as crazy was there.

There? Boy, there were a lot of things that happened at, you know, between that point, I'm leaving out a lot of stuff. To fill in the story. We'd have to go back to Los Alamos and and well, I really don't want to talk about that the

top secret weapons stuff that you were working on?

No, I'm talking about the 115? Well, I don't know I have to think about how i What is the problem with this?

I don't want to get myself into more trouble by admitting something. So I just have to dance around a couple.

Just during the filming of the movie, that the movie is

great, by the way. Thanks, Joe. And it's on Netflix right now, if anybody wants to check it out. And if you're one of those people like me, who, you know, I've always loved the idea of UFOs I became extremely weary talking to people who are UFO believers and UFO fanatics, because there's so many of them that are full of shit, and not just full of shit. They're they're childishly delirious, like the way they talk about things that mean, there's so many people that are that I'm in contact, they reach me in the night and they explain to me what we're doing to the ocean is wrong and thinking like, Okay,

this is one of the reasons I didn't want to do the show. No, yeah. Well, it's, I mean, it's no joke. We've had people literally camp out on our front lawn. And, you know, in some ways I can relate to some of these people, you know, maybe some of them did really have some kind of experience or saw something and all their friends think they're crazy. But hey, now there's this guy I heard on the radio. And at least he knows I'm not full of shit. So I got to talk to him. And so most of the correspondence I get, are people trying to get a hold of me Come on, Bob, you, you gotta listen to me. I'm, I'm coming to talk to you. I'm driving from Oklahoma or whatever. And, and, and but some of them are just fucking batshit crazy. Yeah, they're frightening.

There's a lot of schizophrenics that are involved in the conspiracy world. There's a lot of people that have real issues, Joe,

as it would be a disservice to your audience to not say that we have to look at what's going on now and understand I've heard on your show a bunch of stuff about what's going on now and to not really understand what's going on now. You can't see Bob's story in the correct light after 30 years and at some point we should just touch upon that. The biggest being that things like the Tick Tack UFO case that came out I've heard people even on the show say Well there's a glitch in the radar. That's a data poor perspective. You just don't know yet what's really going on command a favor. I was able to get the interview with him to talk with him way before it became public. I got that from him. He saw it other pilots saw it. This is a big thing that's going on right now. They had more sightings on the East Coast recently, cubes with with spherical wars. These are not aerodynamic and these are the people we trust to defend us on 911 Commander favor protected Los Angeles and 911. So we trust them, but they're not trained observers, radar, individuals see these things and the big the big one just to throw down so we can consider a story a little differently. There's more depth to it. The big one is the United States government has admitted that they have been continuously studying the UFO phenomenon. That program was called a tip advanced heiress or sorry, was called all SAP that's the mother program. George Knapp got that out, they announced to the New York Times about a tip but all set these acronyms all SAP advanced aerospace weapon systems Applications Program, who cares? That was the mother program. So they've admitted we didn't stop studying UFOs in 1969. With project Bluebook, we don't think it's crazy. We're actually want to reverse engineer the technology. That's why on your other show, you said What's his AAV thing? It's like they're making up another UFO name. Well, hold on. There's a reason because in the documents that the DIA documents that George Knapp released, that everybody said was fake till now they know is real. They call them a AVS which is advanced aerospace vehicles, people are getting acronyms wrong. So the reason for the terminology change is so that we can mimic what we're reading in the DIA documents. People can look for that now. So they changed the names to get people away from UFO or UAP. Even like Hillary Clinton said, On Air, right.

So what are you talking about? Hillary Clinton, so

Hillary Clinton informed the public on Jimmy Kimmel? Oh, Jimmy, we don't call them UFOs anymore. We call them UAPs. unidentified aerial phenomenon. Right. So she kind of was giving there. The Clintons are very into the UFO topic, Senator Reid, you know, he, he's done a lot for the for the subject of study of it, right. So she informed the public so they could look for the right term. So these terms are important, because the DIA in those documents, they've been calling them AAVs for quite some time now. And

they changed the name to anomalous? No,

that's kind of a misnomer now. So they always mess around with things but it's actually advanced,

right? Where they're describing it in the news, they were calling it anomalous vehicle. Totally.

And that's cool. They were also saying, anomalous aerospace threats Ay ay ay T, right? Because they want the sense of a threat. So my point is all if people don't know this now, and they think this stuff is fantasy, this this part of it, that we're studying it that we take it seriously, we're spending money on it, and that we're getting great data from, from visual pilots to radar, that's why we know it's aerospace, they dropped from 80,000 feet. But guess what, that's the top scope of the spy one radar is 80,000 feet. So the radar system they were using, it was coming from above that. So my point is this. If you don't understand that this is happening, you're just behind the curve, because you don't have the information because of the stigma that you're talking about. I saw you get totally upset with the UFO topic. I met you first. When you get totally upset with the OFA topic. It's the people

when when

you're doing your oldest Mike, I'm sorry, man, when you're when you're doing your show, you know, the Joe Rogan questions everything. I could see how, how frustrating is trust me, I had been frustrated to hell. Luckily, my mentors, George Knapp, and he's taught me the pitfall pitfalls as I went through it. My whole point in this rant right here is just that we have to now look at Bob's story. But knowing the facts, not someone saying it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a glitch. They're not. And so if you don't know that you just don't have the information. Yeah.

Not just that knowing the facts as we know him in 2019, not 1988.

Absolutely. And so what is he said, that has come true. He's totally unimpressed with it. Right? What is he said this come true. So I was like, Bob, they've announced gravity as a WAV, you were right, and you're vindicated? And he looks at me and he's like, What do you think about it? Jeremy? I had like a 5050 chance. He was not very impressed. Right?

When did they announce gravity as a wave?

So they detected in a sense, they detected gravity waves. Who were who is they? You might know more? There's two black holes that were colliding. And that's how they were able to detect somebody

bill. I don't know which group it was or what part of the government that's what Google is for. Yeah, what but they, you know, built a gigantic gravity wave detector and pretty much detected

that there are such things as

first observation of gravitational waves. It says it was in 2016. Okay, the first observation of gravitational waves was made on 14th to September 2015, as announced by the LI Geo and Virgo collaborators on the 11th of February 2016. Previously, gravitational waves have only been inferred indirectly via their effect on the timing of pulsars and binary star systems. Don Don, the waveform connected by both li Gao, LIGO observatories, Master predictions of general relativity, for gravity for a gravitational wave emanating emanating from the inward space, trying to get this from the inward spiral and merger of a pair of black holes around 36 and 29 solar masses and the subsequent ring down of the single resulting black hole. Well, well,

that I mean, yeah, it's no, he was that in the 80s, the predominant theory was, gravity is produced by gravitons. Okay, you know, part of theoretical part theoretical particles, but they're not, they're waves, they're not particles. And so

the thought is that the way we experience gravity is based on mass, which is why the Moon, which is, roughly one quarter of the size of the Earth has 1/6 of the Earth's gravity. So there's some sort of a computation you can make based on mass,

right? And, and remember, we can observe the effects of gravity, but we have no idea what it is, all we can do is observe it and we can't make it, the only way you can make gravity is just putting more mass together. And it's just a product of gravity. But if you can make a if you have a machine that makes gravity, you can pretty much do anything, you can affect time, you can have forcefield, all that stuff that's in science fiction becomes reality, if you have a machine that can make gravity. And what we worked on in the desert was a machine that makes gravity,

I love your analogy of dropping off a small nuclear reactor to the Victorian era. I love that that analogy, because back then that was impossible. That was magic. What you're talking about here, the fact that they just discovered this four years ago, that this is a wave, but we're as much as we know. And as impressed as we are, as we should be with how much more technologically advanced we are than every other creature on this planet. We're still in many ways in the adolescence of technological innovation.

Absolutely. Absolutely. If even adolescence, and

when you're talking about this binary star system, zeta reticular. Ly, and who knows how much longer these things have been around than us? Who knows what their evolutionary cycles been? Who knows? What mean, we might be talking about something that's a million years more advanced than us?

Yeah, yeah. It could easily be I'm not in, believe it or not, I'm not into UFOs. I don't follow those stories or, you know, even as to your experiences. No, I'm fascinated with the technology. And I it really irks me, like every night I go to sleep that, you know, I don't that it was my own doing, essentially, that that prevented me from continuing on in the in the project. I mean, it's that to be on that cutting edge of technology is so alluring to me. Right. But you know, by the same token, I don't really care that there's aliens or where they come from, I mean, the price is the technology. And that's what I'm fascinated by. But so I don't listen to UFO stories and that sort of thing. But George Knapp is, I mean, he's the guy that has the context and tries to thread everything together. And what he recently told me is he found I don't use either documentation or people that he spoke to, it's at this the existence of this project, the project that I was on, it's something that they seem to take out every eight or 10 years. So

that's a very specific memo. And this is actually a, this is the first time I'll be very clear with people about it. It's a big topic of conversation right now. It's called the Wilson memo. You can look it up. Admiral Wilson, met with a scientist who's actually was featured in one of my films. Everybody has been debating whether or not this document of a conversation with with an sitting Admiral at the time is a real document. It's an actual conversation that happened. And this document is where everybody wants to know the world is going crazy right now in the UFO world. I'll tell you straight up right now. I'm in the position to know. And it is a real document, that it is real. So the conversation you read in that that conversation was had I can't attest to everything.

You're not being very clear. Sure, please.

No problem. So there was a document that is circulating right now that is really big. It's going around everywhere. People are asking what is this document? It's called the Wilson memos. What how you can find it online. Or the Wilson leak.

There it is. Jeremy's got it. The Wilson memorandum use of humans Oh,

yeah. So Admiral Wilson meets with this scientist, and they have this discussion, oddly enough at special projects at EG and G. And I remember the documents from 2001. I'm telling everybody right now it's real. And we'll see my history is pretty good with like saying something's really not right. So here we go, document comes out, they meet at EG, and G special projects. In 1989, they stumble into a problem, this happens, they put the technology away, and then they bring it back out and see if material science has caught up and if they can make any progress. So this document kind of talks about this process, the big thing I get from it, and a lot of its vindicating to Bob, and one of the things it's vindicating besides the EG and G thing is that private industry. So this guy's an admiral. And he says, I found out about your SAP, your special access program, I need to know about it. And he's going to a private part of industry. And he has denied access. And he says, You know, I should be running this program, and they were able to deny him access. So I think the takeaway here is check it out. I'm telling you that that is an actual correct, that is a leak that everything said in that document. I don't know,

what are you talking about? What what is that in that documents? It's it's between a scientist

and an admiral that are sitting and they're having a meeting, and they're talking about the search for the UFO subject, the search to get special access program access to all of these different things like reverse engineering programs. So in this document, they talk about it. I believe that this document that the person that went was employed by Robert Bigelow, you know, one of the guys has a couple of orbiting satellites and all that stuff. He's gonna die on Skinwalker Ranch. No, he's not. He was the guy that Oh, okay. Yeah, he used to own it. There's a new owner, and I interviewed him for my other film. But there's a new owner. And you'll be hearing a lot more about that soon. But like, it'll just there's there's stuff that you'll be hearing about Skinwalker Ranch, and because there's a new Honor. Anyway, the whole point of this insertion here is just that, that document kind of validates a lot of this idea, Bob just said that they make a little progress, then they can't go anywhere, they tuck it away. And then they bring it back out, you know, 10 years later and start working on it. What is the limiting factor? I think Bob should speak on this, but it's the material science.

Yeah, it's really where physics is. So I can I can see them doing that. I mean, I didn't have any information on that. But I think what, you know, Georgia uncovered is probably accurate, that, you know, we try and do what we can. And once we reach a roadblock on, we really can't figure it out. It's just friggin wait. But the thing away wait for science to catch up. And, you know, a decade later, let's take the project out again and see all right now, where can we go? But

there's got to be someone who remains informed, right? Oh, yeah. You've got your scientists like you. And Barry, you got your people that you compartmentalize, you got these people working? Yeah, there

has to be some people that know everything, you've got

security. And then someone's gonna be in the outside, saying, hey, we need people to guard this building. Don't let anybody in for tenure.

I think a lot of that is private industry. And I think that's how they keep it. Yeah, I think that's how they litter because the government is just so leaky. I think that's kind of what they're doing. That's what the

document kind of proves you just articulated that that it isn't controlled private industry.

What private industry? Some aerospace company something I don't know. Yeah,

they wouldn't they would the guy with the Admiral wouldn't name it in the car in the conversation.

So they still have these things, supposedly.

I would guess I mean, I don't have any information on Have you

ever asked anyone that has any inkling of any idea of where they got him or how they got him?

Now, but something must have been said to me from Barry, and but I it was just too long ago and I can't quite remember what was said but it it just left a seed in my mind. I think at least one of them was part of an archeological dig. So it's old. Something that one at least one of them is old. I don't know if it was the one I worked on, but I remember something to do with an archeological dig. Whoa. So that's, that means it's not just old, it's ancient. That'd

be a great Steven Spielberg.

Yeah. All right. As all of it would

be out when he said that for the first time, that's

a freakout right there just a couple of dudes with some brushes, looking for a Tyrannosaurus Rex bone and metal. And

when did they find it? You know that they have nine of them. Well,

and how could we have not heard about that? What about the guys with the brushes? How could you uncover something like that? And Joe's

newspaper at home does I mean They said it on that first day. Oh, you mean the Roswell? Yeah. When you told me Yeah,

I have a cover. What is this? Here is the document, but I had to do some digging to find it. Yes.

It's just kind of. Yeah. So this is where they meet at each end. And this is Admiral Wilson. And there's a lot more coming out. And I want to be clear, George didn't put this out. He didn't leak this attentively. This is I can tell you how

I recorded this, this conversation. So

this was an employee of at the time Robert Bigelow, and this is in 2002. Right. Do you remember when he had that government contract called Allsop the world all knows about now, and he had knids that studied the ranch that 22 million everybody is saying it was for a tip, advanced aerospace threat Identification Program. The $22 million was for all sap that was pushed through through Congress, three congressmen, right, and astronaut, it was pushed through. And that's what that $22 million, by the way, they spend more money on Viagra every year than they do studying UFOs. If it was just this program, which I think is funny, it'll be probably more money from they probably do that UFOs Well, you never know how it seeds into population. But anyway, this program, this is what was the mother program. So it got the 22 million and really it was to study Skinwalker Ranch, oddly enough, that 22 million all was inspired by the phenomenon they were seen at Skinwalker Ranch because the scientists, they're seeing vehicles come through like a space in the sky. Yeah, we

went there. I went right on. Yeah, we interviewed a bunch of people that seem full of shit. But a couple that this very, very interesting, totally.

And if there's, if you look, I spent a lot of time in the area. I'm not talking about those stories. I'm saying there were scientists hired by the government, right through Bigelow to study the ranch, because they thought it was important. And you know, whatever, whatever. The point is that 22 million was to study that, then we have a tip, which is like an auxilary kind of program of military settings that commander favors and that sort of thing. This document is just one of those things that has now come forward that through the Bigelow studies, it was government funded, and then it was personally funded, and then government funded. It's just one of those things that kind of shakes you because you got this military guy who can't get access, because of the private industry that's holding these non terrestrial materials, they can't study it. So that's the claim right now. Give it some time. Let people dig more into this. It's fascinating, man.

So you are essentially, you're you're, you're kicked out, right, you're you're out of the this program, you can't work with these crafts anymore. And do they give you any threats? Do they tell you what you have to do from here on out? Yeah,

well, I mean, the way it ended was, I told George Knapp, all this stuff. And, you know, he said, well, let's just get it on tape should something happen, at least we have a record of it. And I don't remember what the impetus was. But at some point, George wanted to air it. And he said, you know, you make the call on it. And look, if at any point, you change your mind, we won't air it. And it came down to the day where George wants to put it on the five o'clock news, he said it this is important stuff people have to know about it. And I thought it was too. I said, it's kind of a crime. I know you got to keep the technology secret. But you can't not tell everybody that this stuff is going on that we have, you know, actual hardware from another civilization. It's a big fucking deal. You know, probably the biggest one there ever was. And George said, you know, today's the day, we got to put it on the news or something to that effect. And when it came, right down to the time to air it, I changed my mind. And I said, we're not doing it. And that's what turned into the famous wrestling match between me and George trying to get the tape but he won because it was a bigger guy. So you actually physically wrestled? Well, I think it was more of a pulling match. We were I don't think we ever hit the ground. But he got the tape, he put it in the player and boom, five o'clock news was on and then I got a call after that. And then they said it was from Dennis, he said, Do you have any idea what we're going to do do now? And he hung up the phone. That was the last communication I had with him.

And what has happened to you since then, after that

a lot of people I've known either were audited by the IRS people had anybody I know that had clearances that worked in secure programs, had their clearances pulled one of them friend, one of mine that Jeremy knows on

camera with me soon he'll tell the story now that he's out of work up there. He was

working up at the Tonopah Test Range waiting for his clearance to come through and you know, they they pulled that it would it became it's like like can't get the person that's involved. They just create a problem for everybody that surrounds them. And so I mean, the way it turns out, it hurt a lot of people's lives that I was connected to. And that's an effective way of shutting someone up. So I feel

that by coming forward and going public that couldn't just snuff you out.

That was I mean, that's what I was told. And George and everybody, you know, said that you can't Oh, it's, it's public. There's no one will touch you. And I, you know, I, I fell for it. And I wish you didn't, yeah, sometimes

sometimes when we're stressed and people camped on your lawn. Yeah.

But it's, this is gonna make things worse doing this, not

just make things better.

Trying to tell them, how is this gonna make things better, because you're

getting a real chance to explain yourself in a way that's going to make people who are not only working the government, people that are police officers, and firefighters and first responders and doctors and scientists, they're going to emphasize, emphasize, empathize and, and empathize with what it must be like to be a person like you in your 20s, who gets thrust into this world unknowingly. And confronted with one of the most, if not the most important discovery in the history of human beings. The big question, are we alone? It's the number one question. There's two questions, right? What happens when we die? And are we alone? Those are the two big questions, right? And if we're not alone, and someone knows we're not alone. And these some people who know we're not alone, are these bungling? Sort of,

even if they weren't a crime, yet? They're not telling the rest of us.

But I mean, I don't mean bungling in terms. They're incompetent. I mean, they can't be competent. It seems to me to what you're describing that no one can be competent with this technology, like the Victorian Victorian era scholars analyzing some sort of a nuclear reactor, there's there's no way.

Why do you think? Why do you think they're not telling us? Let's just make an assumption that this is true right now. Why do you think that they're not telling us? It's our government doesn't tell us what's your best? Well, let

me put it into you. What would you do? If I'm the president, okay, and I get this information. What do I do with this? What do I do with this? There's something that we don't know. There's something we don't understand. There's something that came from another world we got it's tucked away in the mountains. And I just want you guys know about it. Hey, sleep tight. Hey, American autos on tonight? Who thinks can win? Yeah, who's gonna win them out?

So one, one is uncertainty. And the other one is what Bob and I have talked about a lot. Absolutely not knowing what to tell people because you don't really understand it yourself. Even right,

you've got what do you say you if you want to run a government, you want to get people to pay their tax, but there's something

else? Yeah. So you have these objects fine with impunity? Right, and that you have someone else? Well, not

only that, what can you say? Like how much do you really know? I

think it's mainly the technology. They just want to keep the technology secret. Because there's Yeah, whoever gets this. Yeah. You you control the where you become you literally become invincible once you master the technology. You can't you cannot penetrate a field like that. So imagine that's I know, it's all science fiction. But science fiction turns into science fact, if you have real force fields around aircraft and battleships, you you when you when you can force your will upon anybody. And like I said, there's so much more to the story when I was first there. There were Russian scientist at us for that was this was early on in the project.

So this was before Operation Paperclip became public as well. Right? I would imagine that was I don't know what the dates. When was that? When did that was? 98. I think 98 Yeah,

yeah, I don't know the dates on it. So

it's roughly 10 years later, Operation Paperclip becomes Freedom of Information Act. We

say that Russia, not Germany, Russian scientists. Yeah. But I mean,

Russian scientists, a lot of them came from Germany. A lot of those those rocket scientists that work with NASA, they all came from Nazi scientists got it. So some Russians got some of them. I just know. At

some point there was intense cooperation with me even exchanging some ideas on nuclear weapons and you know, EMP tests and stuff like things we would never have discussed with them. But at the same time, it was in the late 80s. They were involved in actually in the area at s four with us and got to communicate with these guys are you saw no, I knew they were there. Barry Barry would talk about the commies that were their economies. And that was back when they were the commies. Yeah, if there were no comments. And at some point, it wasn't our group. But at some point, there was a big discovery made and this did not happen when I was there. It happened in between my trips to there. And after that, apparently they decided it was just too cool to share with anybody in the Russians were never allowed back on the base after that, but you don't know what that discovery? Well, no, no, I guess that it wasn't my group. So one of the other groups really found out something. But the you know, in typical American fashion is alright, this is ours. You guys get the hell out here.

Was there any inkling that any other government had something

similar? Now, nothing that I had heard?

See, that was the thing that always freaked me out was why if if something was so superior to human beings, someone's like visiting an ant colony? Like why would you go to the Queen? I don't give a fuck who the queen is. I'm a human. I'm so superior to ants. I don't care who you have running your hive. I'm just gonna study it.

I think it's who got it, who got look at the, you know, rocket technology in Germany, but they got nine of them. Yeah, that doesn't make sense to me, either. So they were either in the same area, or, you know, one had close to where others were. I mean, I don't know you. You have to fill that in there. But you're right. I mean, nine of them. That's a it's a big dig if it was archaeological.

Well, one of the more recent, the recent sightings and these discussions that have been coming out recently from Air Force pilots and Navy pilots, they've been talking about things happening in the ocean. And that something go literally goes into the water or something maybe below the surface

about 2004 Tic Tac Nimitz case. So that's when George Knapp and I broke on the radio twice before the New York Times I know this one really well command a favor and those pilots, there was a disturbance on the surface of the water. Command a favor visually saw what looked like similar to across some objects. So it's like as if you have some a coral under the water and you've got it's breaking over. Right? The Tic Tac is doing this crazy maneuver that defies it's a gravity propelled system.

They saw it in the sky before this on the water, right? Yeah. So there was there were radar

that was picking this these things coming down from 80,000 feet dropping 50 feet in less than a second. This is Jamie, this is actually on the news today, there was a briefing. So a lot of people get this confused about this one than either. So that is called the gimbal. So there's three videos released by the Pentagon that

are all actually and keep the volume up.

I would, I would really just pay attention to the source video. So you've got the tic tac, which is this object that commander framer saw another pilot filmed it with the FLIR pod, and it goes, but this one you see is really important to Bob story, the gimbal craft, it's been recently analyzed, it's FLIR not only does it it's definitive, that it's not conventional, anything by the by its movements, but there's a pocket of cold air around a propulsion source. So this object, by the way, sat stationary for days, if not weeks, it sat stationary until they found

it 11 hours later. And then we're saying there's no way this thing using that kind of energy to go that fast could just hover the

amount of times. And by the way, you're seeing a very small part of what happened that day. This object was not alone. And so hopefully that information comes out and we can I mean, I wish we had video of it. I'm sure we all want to see it. But that's called the gimbal that was east coast. Right 2015 West Coast 2004 was the tic tac the disturbance on the water commander flavor believes there was something under that water that was causing that disturbance when the tic tac was coming around to doing it with inside the the people that are studying this. They're thinking maybe the tic tac system was causing the disturbance, but the U S. O N identified submerged objects that he visually saw. The whole interesting thing about that is I would love Bob to describe it as why it doesn't matter if these craft are in space, air or water. Why doesn't it matter? I love when he talks about this shit. Well,

first of all commander flavor was the F 18 pilot off the Nimitz that was sent out to find out what this stuff is but and it wasn't just I got a chance to talk to him recently. And it wasn't just a radar image I mean commander flavor had eyes on it for over five minutes watching this thing as for other pilots did so it wasn't a radar blip or anything. I mean, these guys were watching this thing. But you know, one of the things I think in the gimbal video. The way the craft that we worked on flies, is it doesn't fly like conventional aircraft does, and it doesn't fly like a flying saucer winter in a 1950s movie. It flies belly first. I mean it may sit down conventionally, but it always rotates it does a roll maneuver puts its belly towards the target and then moves the

car flying with the wheels forward. Right, right.

I mean, it may lift land on the wheels, but at some point when it wants to leave, it flips up points, the wheels where it wants to go and takes off and the gimbal video, you can see the craft do the roll maneuver. And it's really interesting, it behaves exactly like the craft that I worked out.

So much like we have different shaped aircrafts and fighter jets and cars, they probably have different shapes of these objects that operate under similar principles.

Right, they all have the same power source, the same power

source, and we're also dealing with, if you think about the laws of technological progression, you know, you think of Moore's law, and you think of how things accelerate, you've got to think that if this civilization is who knows how many years more advanced than we are, if not even years? I mean, I mean, we're thinking about in terms of conventional terms, right, the way the way we look at the world. I mean, they might, they might be just superior in terms of their intellect. They've got a baby, maybe we don't know. Well, the

only reason I I say that is because, look, everyone doesn't necessarily start at a steam engine, right, and go to an internal combustion engine, and then, you know, electric power, nuclear power and go up the ladder that we can weigh on, you know, the binary if this stuff was true about the origin and the binary star system, and they have heavier elements that we don't have. And this element stable element. 115 is a naturally occurring material, maybe that's the first thing they started experimenting with. And the version of their steam engine, their first product was something that operated like this. And actually, when they came to earth to look around, or, you know, whatever, they were amazed at the stuff we were doing these guys burn stuff and squirt it out the back to go forward. So Right. Right, you know, who says they follow any kind of normal progression like that? My

my thought was, if you went back to the 1400s, and then you went from 1400 to 1500, you're not gonna see that much of a difference technologically. If you go from 2000 to 3000, I assume there's going to be a radical change,

right? Well, the Yeah, the Delta, the rate of change is is magnificently higher than it used to be. Right.

So if you think about what they had in 1988, and you think about what they probably have in 2019, just logically seems like they would advance I would think so. The only question is, like, are they living? Is that a living thing in terms of like a biological thing? Or are they some sort of an artificially created creation, like we are working on right now? I mean, we're in the middle of working on artificial reality, artificial beings, sentient beings. Artificial intelligence has constantly silicon based life forms that they're essentially trying to create Boston Dynamics or was at Boston Dynamics of the company of robots, robots. Yeah,

you can make machines out of flesh. Right? So a cyborg or a cybernetic organism is just that, you know, that's what a lot of people think those like gray things are, you know, that people call the greys. Yeah. It's like, they were like, their machines rented from flesh. So what you're saying is like, not

just be no synthetic, like, they don't even need to be, you know, machines.

They seem to have no sex organs were described by people that have had interactions with them, assuming these people aren't liars, or crazy or whatever, right? They have no sex organs, and that they don't seem to have any muscle that is almost like a frame, right? And they have enormous heads. I mean, if you look at Australia, Pittacus or depictions of, you know, ancient hominids, and then you go to human beings, one of the things you see is bigger heads and weaker bodies.

Well, you see some clear progression of evolution to where or something like that I would lean towards a synthetic organism because it looks like it was made for a specific task. There's no reproductive organs. So I mean, that almost kind of leaves out any kind of, you know, physical evolution,

right? Well, that's also our bottleneck, right? Our bottleneck is our biological imperative. The need to breed emotions, fear, anxiety, all these different things that exist in order to force us into making sure we reproduce. I mean, that's essential, but there's a human reward systems that aren't necessary once they can figure out a way to make some sort of sentient artificial life some sort of thing that doesn't have these biological limitations that we have. By the

way these craft all these different kinds have been reported because it was confusing. I always thought of flying saucers what I heard Bob Lazar talk about flying saucer, right? But if you look back in history, people have always reported the weirdest shapes like none of them are like, you know, there are other saucers but you got cigar shaped you got, you know, the top hat shape. You have orbs, why? Maybe they're serving different purposes. They're doing different things. Like we'd use different tools. And I want to be clear The reason I know that memo is is real is because I spent a lot of time with Dr. Edgar Mitchell six man to walk on the moon last guy to film before he died, right? That's how I know I don't want any journalists thinking I got from anywhere else I know because of Dr. Mitchell. And he said the same thing, maybe these things are performing different tasks, you know. And that's what I've seen.

If you if you think about what an alien is, in terms of our our, the sort of iconic image of an alien like the Steven Spielberg Close Encounters of the Third time, third, kind, alien, they seem like what we'd assume a human being would eventually become right. And if these things are tiny, human beings are smaller than they've ever been before. They're weaker than they've ever been before. And there seems to be a trend in that direction. And this trend seems to be amplified by our technological progression. There are a lack of need for muscle strength and our lack of need for violence. And we're moving in a society to try to get away from all the things that we think are abhorrent about human beings and the terrible behaviors that we have. If we, one day do give birth to some sort of an artificial being like Marshall McLuhan's quote, We are the sex organs of the machine world. You know, that one day a week out by this? Yeah, McLuhan was brilliant, and that that quote has always been one of my favorites. Because okay, what are we doing when we are constantly technologically innovating? We're constantly looking for faster cars, better computers, bigger screens, faster, more resolution, more pixels, more this more that higher bandwidth, 5g 10 G, right? What are we doing? We're moving into this in this, if you just follow it objectively, stay Stanback. Don't attach yourself or your civilization, your culture to it and look at what it is. We're moving 100% towards technological innovation. If you looked at this species from afar, and if you weren't a part of it, you would say, Well, what does this species do? Oh, they make things they make things better every year. beehives, the same fucking thing that you see 10 years ago, you go by see a beehive. It's amazing. It's cool, but they're the same fucking thing. They figured out how to do it. They make a beehive. Right? We don't do that. We make better things.

What would you constantly and at some point, I think that technology is going to fuse with us. Yes. And we're gonna be cancer already

happening. Yeah, Elon Musk talked about it on my podcast that we are cyborgs. You just carry it in your pocket. It's a phone. It answers any question you want, you can talk to it will give you the answers and the answers instantaneously, it navigates you, it has all your phone numbers, and it has all your contacts. You can get a hold of people, people listening to through it. It's connecting us in ways even involuntarily haptics that kind of Yeah, it's also getting on your wrist. How many people have i watches Apple watches?

Right? And that's only because we can't integrate them yet. But you know, that point is

100%. Yeah, I didn't joke about it last night. But I have a bit about it. But I do about the integration between humans and technology. That's what

would you do if you were a hyper intelligence, right? Would you do the work yourself? Or would you create some cool things called like humans to do it for you? Would you create things that are cybernetic organisms to come in with machines and do it for you? If you're a hyper intelligence that has kind of changed like you've described? You'd probably create workers, right? Well, that's

a vast conspiracy theory.

I'm not talking about conspiracy, but it is

a kind of a conspiracy asking you. Well, I mean, I don't think it's necessarily that. I mean, you could look at it that way. But that is the way a conspiracy theorists would look at it. The way I would look at it is like there's obviously a progression going on a biological progression. There's some sort of an integration with technology. There's some sort of imperative this need for technological innovation. It's inescapable. Everyone has it. And I think it's attached to materialism in some sort of a strange way. Because so many people work so hard to get new things. And like God, that seems so illogical and preposterous, and it makes people unhappy and depressions on the rise, but nobody seems to be able to stop it. Like, why is that? Well, maybe it's because we are the electronic caterpillars that give birth to the butterfly. Maybe that's what we're doing very well. What our job is to do is to make some sort of a cocoon and we don't even know we're doing it while we're doing it. Do you think a caterpillar is well? Hey, Caterpillar? What are you doing? Man? It just, I'm doing my thing. It's my job. I have to make a call and then I'm gonna come up but it's

gonna be a natural part of evolution could be that right? Just supposed to do this exactly. And make the jump to some sort of mechanized, right. Yeah.

An orangutan that is fishing with a spear. Now, they've figured out how to fish with spirits. There's there's

primatologist, without somebody showing them how to fish dough.

They've imitated human beings doing it. And now they do it. But they do it independently. They're not trained orangutans. They're wild. Right. Look at that. There's a wild rider that well, there's these primatologist I guess you would call them primatologist. That's a term. That's a great biologist biologists that believe that Monkeys and chimps. And some of the great apes are moving into the stone age that they've currently entered the Stone Age. Like they're not staying what they were 100,000 years ago or 500,000 years ago, but they're actively using tools. And they're experimenting with different different ways to use those tools. And then they're making tools out of stone. They're making tools out of sticks, and they're, they're using them. Well, this might just be what happens. This might just be what happens. I mean, why else? Why are we Why the fuck are we work so hard? I mean, I was I was driving to La this morning, I had a doctor's appointment. So it was on the four or five and eight in the morning. But Jesus Christ, like this is so crazy. When you're in the four or five in LA at eight o'clock in the morning, you see literally a million cars. And it's just everywhere you go. It's people but and also I'm in a Tesla, so I have it on autopilot. So I'm there sitting, I'm listening to a podcast, I barely have my hand on the wheel. I'm not touching shit. This cars driving me along. I'm not even doing anything. I'm just, I'm just hanging out. It's so much less stressful to do that that way, right? So it encourages you to innovate, encourages you to embrace this new technology. I got this giant screen. It's showing me the navigation in front of me. Oh, I'll be there five minutes early. Excellent. And I'm listening to a podcast wirelessly. It's Bluetooth scream streaming from my phone, and I pulled that podcast, which came out today out of the fucking sky. And I'm listening to it and I'm all comfortable. And my nice little car just driving on my way to the doctor's office. This

is irresistible stuff. Yeah, different than your Walkman. Yeah.

Irresistible. Scissor resist. It's

frighteningly irresistible. It

isn't frightening. I mean, if you were a monkey, right, if you were an Australia Pittacus Would you go man, I don't want to fucking be a person. live in a house. That's bullshit. I like just swinging around on trees. I like running from Jaguars. This is life. Guys. Life is running from crocodiles. It's not living in a fucking Suburban. Oh, there's

probably some that are like that. Yeah,

I don't think so. I think I think what when it comes, we're going to embrace it. We're gonna embrace it the same way embrace cell phones the same way embrace television. There's gonna be a few holdouts I don't even have an email address, man. Those are those. There's a few and far between there. Good luck with that. fuckface go move to the woods. Ted Kaczynski. Yeah, I was just gonna throw Ted. Ted Kaczynski was right. This is something that I think about sometimes when I get really high, that Ted Kaczynski was a part of the Harvard LSD studies. This has been proven Ted Kaczynski, they cooked his fucking brain when he was at Harvard. And then when he went over to Berkeley and became a professor, his goal was to make enough money so that he could implement this program and live in the woods and then write his manifesto and start killing people that were involved in propagating technology,

he was expunged from the Harvard logs. By the way, this is something my friend just called me about. So there's like this private library, and they used to print people's names whenever they were part of a university, and he was one of the handful of people that were expunged from it. I want to jump back to the one thing, Joe, I want to be very careful with that word conspiracy theorist. What I was what I was saying to you is, we TerraForm our Earth, right? We TerraForm we change the environment, we do all this innovation. What is stopping us from thinking that that's not being done? I'm not saying is I'm saying what's stopping us from thinking that that's being done on a much bigger level on a cosmic level?

You mean, like aliens coming down doing that to humans? So I'm telling you

that there is something here, that's there's a fact you know, there's something there are craft, they're here, they're not ours, they're here. So the question is, what is that about? And I'm just looking at what we do with what you're describing with technology. I

think it's much more likely that the same way we observe chimps, and we observed that they are now in the stone age that they're observing us, and that they're recognizing that there is a pattern that there is a there's a steps that happen. I mean, Carl Sagan talked about the different levels of civilization, and that you know, if we don't get past certain levels, we're never going to reach this.

Type one civilization. We're gonna stay type zero. We're

in this warring, polluting, yeah, pillaging, we're awesome civilization. Well, we were awesome in a lot of ways, you know, but in that way, we're not. But yeah, we're children that have immense power that we didn't really, the other thing is, you're using the immense power that other people have created, right? I mean, even when you're driving a car, and you stomping on the gas, like, whoo, you didn't invent the fucking engine, you didn't invent tires. There's all these things that were involved in the creation of this thing that is really outside of your grasp of understanding, but yet you have the ability to use it like a person with a gun. I'm just gonna bang bang bang people you don't you didn't invent a gun. So like you've you've without the intellect to craft an engineer and, and, and manifest these creations. You just have access to them because you have paper or you have Bitcoin or whatever the fuck you're using using a credit card. Now you have almost no risk. sponsibility you just, you could just flippantly use these things, which is why we, you know, we were very childlike in our actions. Because we haven't had to earn the responsibility. We haven't had to earn these things that we've been able to have. And you've only been able to have them because other people have innovated in spent ungodly amounts of time and effort and focus in the lab to create these things. And then they've all put them together. And then what is the what's the reason to put them together to profit? Or what's the reason to prop Why are you doing this so you can buy more things? Well, what are we doing? What are we doing? We're making better things.

That's what we do. That's all we do is make better? Why the

fuck do we need oil? Why do we need oil? Why can we just burn wood and stay home? Why can we grow chickens and food in the backyard? Why can't we do what we fucking can? We certainly can people do do it. But we decide to make that almost impossible. Our preferred way of living is this stuff everyone into a very small area where no one grows anything other than weed. This is what LA is, LA is 20 million people with hard surfaces as many hard surfaces as you can. Boy, if you got an acre backyard and La Holy shit, look at all that grain. This is amazing. Well, no, that's the fucking Earth coming through this weird sort of creation that we've put on top of the earth. But the goal is that like New York City, that's there's none of it. Right? You just got got Central Park and it just got human shit. Human stacked up, no one's growing anything. And then constant work. Everyone's up early, go go, innovate progress, make that money so you can buy more things. And every year Hey, Apple, where's his fucking new phone is if your phone isn't good enough. Phones taking pictures and videos and people are calling you and you got applications that tell you which way the winds blowing. That's not good.

In a blink of an eye, blink of an eye. It's all gone though that you know, like 10,000 years and the Hoover Dam goes or whatever, you know, Mount Rushmore disintegrate. So it's amazing. Because we have created that and everything's trying to spring up through that we keep it in maintenance down. But we're we're a blink man, something hits.

But we don't think that way. Well, you know, you think in terms of your own life, right? You think in terms of what you want what you need right now. You know, it's we are in many ways, this combination of this weird, primitive ape like thing with the ability to calculate and manipulate our world and our environment that makes us wholly unique on top of that, with existential angst, and fear. So what do you do with that with fucking water talent to antidepressants, give these fucking people some shit that keeps them moving. Whether worried about the future that trying to figure out what reality is, it is you're on a goddamn convertible spaceship spinning 1000 miles an hour, hurling through infinity. There's no meaning to this thing. Just keep making shit, keep making stuff. And then one day, they're going to be able to hit that switch. And this life will be born out of innovation and thinking and progress and technology. And more than likely, it's probably going to be what we're seeing that these things are that you're observing.

I'm not observing them. But yeah, someone's

Are you implying that they're us?

I don't think they are us. But I think they are what happens when things keep going. That's not us. Just like we're not monkeys, right? I'm not a chimp.

actually cool. There from here is your idea. No, no,

no, that this is what happens all over the universe. Right? Yeah, totally. This is what hap Look, here's the thing, you know, I went to see Brian Cox's. He has this amazing live show with Robin ends, where they they they have these LED screens, these huge screens with his high resolution depictions of the cosmos. And one of the most mind blowing things was he has this large scale image of the universe. And it shows all the individual galaxies, the universe, and it just keeps moving through all these galaxies in three dimensions. And it's fucking incredible. But what's stunning is the relative uniformity of it even at you know, me, you're obviously looking at an incredibly small depiction of something that's immensely large, like a galaxy of hundreds of billions of stars. You're seeing it as this little dot, but there's little dots that's flying through space, surrounded by other little darts with very similarly spaced distances. Yeah. Yeah. So like, if we see uniformity in that form, in terms of like, the distance between gouges, like so many galaxies is so it's so similar, they might vary slightly, and that slightly might be hundreds of millions of light years, right. But, but, but there's so much uniformity. Why would we not assume that that uniformity exists pretty much everywhere, and that all these things that you're seeing that are so similar, you do see binary star systems, you do see single star systems like star but there's also some, some speculation that earth and that our solar system was one time was a binary star system, right? I mean, that's one of the speculations about that, that object that they find outside had the Kuyper belt that the thing is 10 times larger than Earth? I think it might have been at one point in time a star. But this this uniformity that you see why wouldn't we think that that, that has its same implications biologically, that there's some sort of a biological uniformity and that this happens when given the right sets of circumstances you should be

you should tell him some of the stuff that you've read that you don't know is true. I mean, if the stuff was true about the propulsion stuff, I mean, anyway, he Well, what have you read what you saw to him? You know,

what are you talking about? Spill the beans, Bob.

I gotta poke the bear here that it

gets more liquor in you.

The? Well, I mean, the again, the the only thing I could verify was what I had my hands on. They were, you know, there was talk of weapon systems, there were different projects project like Galileo Project, sidekick was supposed to be weapon applications of the craft. Project, Looking Glass had to do with time and the effects of time in the craft. Now, I don't think we're not talking about making a time machine like in science fiction, but we're talking about, you know, small distortions, intentional distortions of time, and how that can be used, you know, as a not as well, it was part of it weapon Pro. Now, were you informed in this base, again, where they're just the small briefings that I read, but again, I don't really like to talk about those because I don't have any information on him. And it was just, you know, small briefings, he

told commander flavor that what he saw might have been a time dilation.

Because gravity effects time, you know, space time, I'm sure you've heard of that. And you know, what, what commander Faber saw as he was in the F 18. approaching it, he said it, he described it as a ping pong ball in a cup and shaking it back and forth, it was moving that fast. Now, obviously, if there's anything inside there, it's going to be battered to hell. But, you know, my point was, was that, well, one of two things, either there's a gravitational envelope in there, which negates any inertia effects, or you are seeing through a gravity distortion field. So you know, just like you're looking at a highway, and you see, you know, optical distortion going through there. Well, the same thing happens in gravity. And the craft may not actually be moving like that, it may just look like it, because you're seeing you can only see it through the field. So it may be making much more gentle moves. I'm not saying that's it, but it has to be one of the two.

And the thing shows up 60 miles away, they noticed it on radar. 60 seconds after left commander flavor, but it was at his cap point, which is the next point he was destined to go to 60 miles away. And in 60 seconds on radar, the same object

ends up there. So it's going a mile a second.

No, they I think the radar just picked it up in 60 seconds.

Yeah, it could have been there instantly. But yeah, we don't know. The cycles. Nobody knows.

That's all thing.

So it cycles like radar cycles. Doesn't

mean doesn't sweep. But cans. Yeah, it's a planar array. So it's just, you know, scans around at random places to

spy one does it really cool. Doesn't do the whole loop anymore.

Right, the point. The point is, though, that the craft moved to his next location before he knew where his next location was going to be, GE. And that's, I mean, that's well documented. So that's, that's a pretty shocking piece of information.

What's fascinating to me, too, is that you were discussing this the way this reactor worked, and that these things were not really connected.

No, nothing is connected. There's no wiring at all.

That freaks me the fuck out. charge your iPhone, you know? Yeah, well, wireless. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's

the electromagnetic. Yeah, I know again, but that's just simple electromagnetic magnetic induction. Right. But

I mean, Tesla, the scientist had this concept of right. That's, that's what yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah. You're saying that he wanted to send wireless electricity through the sky. And Westinghouse was like, get the fuck out of here with that. Like when anybody could just pull electricity out of the

sky meter. Yeah, they couldn't. They couldn't

just talk in the car right over trying to chill him out. You know, we're talking about Tesla. And, you know, you can be metered and how it all went down. So it's funny you bring it up. Yeah,

that that mean, who knows what would have happened in terms of innovation? Had he been allowed to go forward with that? Well,

we probably wouldn't have computers. You think? Yeah, I'm pretty positive. Well, I mean, forget about micro electronics. Well, this is dumping huge amounts of electromagnet. like energy in the air, and yeah, we'd be able to wirelessly turn on our lights. But there'd be no radio communication, the interference would be something we would be overwhelming, it would induce electric currents and anything with a small wire on it. So integrated circuits, transistors would be disintegrated before they were even, you know, tested for operation. So it would it made us grow up this up, yeah, it would have stopped us dead we'd have, it'd be great. You can turn lighters on and heaters from all over the place with no wires, but it would stop modern electronics and the fleet became

dependent on it, it would almost be like our dependence on fossil fuels. Although it's destructive, it's very difficult for us to get off the nipple,

it would have changed the course of how we developed which is so interesting when you talk about it. A civilization of the star system didn't even start with fossil fuels. They had 115 naturally on their planet. And they're like, cool, anti gravity is pretty awesome. Well,

the fact that they think it's important that that actually happened. Yeah. It might have been stopped in its tracks for a reason. Whoa.

And it's just, it's I think it's incredibly difficult for us to imagine technological progression under another timeline, other than the one that we've experienced. Yeah, that's difficult. If we imagine what this alien race must have been like, and I mean, God, just just to be able to see something like, I mean, obviously, we've seen it in different life forms, right? Like we see the life of certain beetles, in comparison to the life of certain fish. Very, very different existence, very different life cycles, octopus, yeah, octopus. I mean, we see all these different variables in terms of biological entities on Earth. But we don't see it in terms of technological innovation, as we're the only one that's intelligent, that can innovate. We have intelligent creatures, but they're in the ocean. The only other thing that are like us are dolphins and orcas and whales. And they don't have the ability to manipulate their environment. And subsequently, because they don't have the ability to manipulate their environment, we put them in fish tanks. And we're like, get in the tank, do some tricks, right?

The only thing he saw in the craft, if we're considering Bob's story, the only thing that he saw on the craft that he related to that looked like a human could make was this honeycomb hatch. And I always love that because you're like obsessed with this thing that you could recognize, you

know, the rate. Yeah, I only focus on that, because it was the one thing that I understood how it worked, what was and it was, it was the access to the level below. And it was, well, you know, if you take the six pack of beer, and you take out the cardboard dividers, set it on the table, you can put a lot of pressure on the top. But if you push it from the sides, it collapses flat. So it was something like that in a honeycomb shape. That was essentially some sort of sheet metal. And you could walk on that in the upper layer. But if you took the corner stuck your finger finger in and pushed it collapsed and made a an entryway. So I thought that was a really unique I'd never seen that before. And it was the only thing in the craft that made absolute sense to me as an eye. We can make that and all that is is a hatchway was there

any discussion about the materials that were used to make the craft?

I'm sure there was but that was metallurgy. Division has nothing to do with us. She never got a not even the slightest briefing. I don't even know if it was metal, or it was ceramic. It's I think there's a fine line between the two. Now,

one of the things that's happened to you that has allowed people to discredit you was, there's obviously been some sort of an effort to erase your past. Yeah, some sort of an era an effort to erase your education history, your employment history at Los Alamos. In fact, the only way your employment history was proven at Los Alamos is someone got a list a directory of the employees from the past, and read into it. And you were on that list. So prove that you worked there, even though people were trying to nine and they were trying to use that as a way to discredit you that you never did work at Los Alamos. You weren't real scientist. What was what was that like to experience men? Of course, we're talking about the 1980s, the 1990s when you could get away with something like that.

Yeah, obviously, there were a lot less. A lot less records on computers at that time. It was still file cabinets and folders. But yeah, that was frightening. That was one of the first things I think it's I think George Knapp was the first one that uncovered that I mean, he saw my birth certificate disappear. He disappeared. Yeah, it was no record of Euboea there was there was no record of that there was no record.

His mom tells me about that. Like it was frightening for her. He's got a real family, you know, he's real person. It's frightening for her. But

if the Los Alamos thing really surprised me, and that they were so adamant that now this guy never worked here Don't be ridiculous and George went back and forth you know, for I got The letters on the word Yeah, months. I mean, it was ridiculous. But fortunately, somebody came up with a 1982 phonebook directory. I mean, and also, originally I told you, you know, when I worked there, I was on the front page of the paper. So they were still able to archive, you know, break, bring that back from the archives. And, you know, Bob Lazar, a physicist, working here at Los Alamos, so there was at least something there. But somehow, George came up with the phone directory, and then

George didn't Bob took George with cameras into Los Alamos. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. So we flew out there. And I said, Look, come on, in, I'll show you where I worked. We'll go in, we'll meet people. And George went with me, and, you know, gave the place so you know, yeah, you know, met people, you know, and it was also

the place where they had the machine that was able to read the size of your digits. No, no, that was that was asked for that was asked for, and explain that. So now, this was back in the 80s. And this is back in the 80s, where when you discuss this, people like this doesn't even exist? Yeah. Okay. What was it, it

was a way, you know, this is before fingerprint scanners and, you know, anything of anything, any high resolution scanner at that time. So what it was, was a device that had a little picture of a hand on a glass plate with pins in it, so you could jam your hand in there. And there was a bright light above it, and a sensor underneath. And when you put your hand in there, the light would turn on, and it would measure the bones in your finger, because the light shone through your bones. And apparently, the length of the bones in your fingers are extremely unique and easy to measure. And they use that when you put your hands on there, the light would turn on and your badge would pop out. There's Oh, there it is. That's That's it. And I tried to describe this to people and they said, that is the most ridiculous thing we've ever heard. And I said, Hey, that my badge came out of that thing. I put my hand on it, badge popped out. And that's how I could open the doors and get into as for and, you know,

and everybody discredited that they said it was bullshit, science fiction. And Jeremy, you found this.

I found it through a good friend of mine named Tyler rogue away. And he had some good sources inside of area 52, where they also used these for the Stealth Program right around that time. So now I've got all these people that worked within who you know, said only if you're in certain programs would we use this technology is kind of shit. Actually, they didn't keep it for very long beginning of biometrics. So I was able to reveal it in my film, I kept my mouth shut until I showed it to Bob, you know, in the movie is the first time he saw it was how you see in the documentary. That's his genuine reaction. I'm getting goosebumps. It

was a great idea that the way you did it,

thank you, man. Because you know what, guess what? I'm actually trying to see if he's telling the truth. That's how I started. You know, that's how I started. So it was really cool to see that that you get to see it his actual reaction.

Has that been verified by other people? Yeah. So

yeah, so to me, it has personally, I get emails every day, and people are telling me where these are used and how they're used and send me photos. I got a lot of photos of identity mats now how they were used, right? They're not how they were used. But yeah, but I don't the most recent one was way more recent than I thought in another country. But yeah, that technology was used. So what's so funny is that this technology, even in the area 52, where they use them for Tonopah, one of the guys who will go on camera with me, he will do an interview with me. He was a technician for one of these. And he hated them because they were really bad. They always broke down and never, and he was a technician for him that he won't tell me where if he worked at Area 52. So it's probably Tonopah it's very separated Yvonne bass, but yeah, so

there was that? Yeah, there is your education record. That was also like what happened with that?

That well, that disappeared. Also, you know, that I have, I've never gone. I've never gone anywhere for education. I've never gone I never attended any classes at Caltech. I never attended anything at MIT.

You did it 10 classes in those places.

I did attend classes in those places. Do

you know anybody that you went to school with? That? Yes, I do. And have they verified that they

went to school with you? Well, I gave Jeremy some names. But yeah, I the reason I don't say these names publicly is because every single time I mentioned a name somebody gets injured don't want to be

worse. Yeah. Yeah, of course. But what what is that experience like seeing your birth certificate erased seeing your employee? Well,

it's frightening. It's it's absolutely fright. It's

also the fuel that the debunkers use the so called air quotes, skeptics. I don't like the term skeptics. I'm gonna say this publicly because I really willing to do this privately. I think it's a sloppy, lazy way to look at things to just be a skeptic. Let me say Don't be objective. And I think there's a lot of things you should be skeptical of. I think you should, you should look at things and look at things from a hardline science perspective. But the idea of skeptics, the problem with that is you're always looking for things to be bullshit. Yeah. And I think that's dangerous, because I think some things aren't bullshit.

It's confirmation bias. On the other end, you're deciding to take a square thing and put it in a round hole no matter what.

And I find a lot of them to be lazy. Yeah, a lot of them to be lazy thinkers. Sure. Because they're always putting it into that box instead of going, hmm. Instead of just separating their ego, they're trying to play a game, and the game is calling bullshit I want to call bullshit. And I'm gonna line up all these reasons why it's bullshit. And I'm gonna ignore anything that might be contrary to that definition. Yeah, that does every

time I'm thinking I'm gonna catch him in something, you know, all along this process. I found Dr. Crangle he came forward and said I was in security briefings with Bob Lazar, the physicist at Los Alamos, he went on the record with me. Now, the other people I talked with, why won't they go on the record with me? Because they're still working there. So that's the difference. Right? What is that? What can the public half

or even if they're not working there that you know, they want to live their lives? Why? I mean, obviously, people have seen what's happened to you?

Mike Thigpen after

30 years. Yeah, really. If you look at all the information on, you know, concerning my accounts, that's that's verifiable. It can't possibly be a bullshit story anymore. It's really way past that point. Yeah. I mean, that was my thick pen is I mean, how was it? It was ostensibly No.

So Mike, big pin was the guy that did the security clearances to go to the bank. One of the guys that we this is a guy that you work with. He said he did. Right. And George Knapp, you know, George didn't believe him. George put him through four polygraph tests, right? He tried to see man, this is a big risk. It sounds interesting, but let's see if he's telling the truth. One of the things was, Bob said there's a guy named Mike fig Penny did security clearances for the bass and that's a weird name. It's a very specific for 30 years. George found this guy in this weird department that he didn't even know it was my take pin. The guy wouldn't talk to me ghosted him totally ghosting for 30 years use Facebook and Google Image match through his children. I was able to find him after 30 years. And I talked to him three times on the phone. He lives on the East Coast. He almost went on camera with me, confirmed that he did security clearances for the bass in 1989. confirmed he remembers Bob Lazar. And what you don't know is there's a handwritten note that a friend of yours has from Mike. What I know I'm gonna give it to you later. I don't but that is real that actual so handwritten,

oh, this is what you know,

like this is nude. So when the when you're

when they do security clearance, clearances, they go through all your friends. And yeah,

so this is to Bob and I had people come to me for a friend of mine that serving and they are doing a security clearance for him. And even though I'm like the UFO guy, they did you know the FBI come and visit my house and make sure that they talk about my friend and they lift a little card. And when my wife told him to get away because he didn't know who they were, they left a little card. It's super cute. Now, back then it was a handwritten note and his friend has it for him that you haven't seen and oh my god, two decades. So if you're listening what is this card? It's just a little handwritten note with Mike Thigpen signature card

like a like a like a postcard, like a piece of paper that he left

on the door saying when Bob gets back or whatever it says on it. So it's just another little funny thing. I found the guy who does the security clearances, he admitted to me he did it. And he admitted to me he was dodging George Knapp because when George said his name on the on the on the news, he dropped his fork into his steak or news, potatoes or whatever. And he's looking at his wife, he was in trouble. His name is never supposed to be out there. Like there's just a security clearance guy. But you don't want national attention associated with anything Bob has to say. But anyway, this unique name, Bob said for 30 years and the guy goes to George Knapp George could prove he existed. He actually talked to me man, he talked to me three times. He almost went on camera with me. It's just crazy. What what do you what happens after 30 years, you just get more info? Well, that's

one of the reasons why when you and me and Jeremy and George Knapp had that conversation on the phone. Yeah. I said, I think what we can do with this podcast is important. I really do. I think it's important for people to hear this from you in a very clear, just very concise way. And if you examine all the information that you've said today, if you look at all the things that detractors have said if you look at all of the new recent evidence that's coming out and all these really high level people in the military and the government that are discussing Miss, it gives you far more credibility than you would have had in the 19. Insurance when this came out book.

Yes, you can't ignore his story just because you don't like it anymore.

That's why I thought it was important that you come out and refresh the world's memory and let people know. And like I said, I've been, I want to say I'm a fan of yours, but I guess I'm a fan of yours as a human being. I'm a fan of yours. But I've been following you for decades. I've been following the story for decades. I mean, no kidding. I have VHS tapes,

like a lot of the world has. Yeah, it's crazy. Well, anybody that

has any sort of a vested interest or just even a just a fascination with UFOs, as followed your story, because there's no one else. There's no one else that comes for this. Some guy have said I worked underground with the aliens, they shot my hand off. Like there's a bunch of like wacky dudes that are underground as bases. They're shooting lasers through the Earth's crust and move them at lightspeed. There's a lot of those guys, they seem schizophrenic, they seem crazy. They might even be disinformation agents. They might be people that are designed to muddy the waters, which for sure has happened.

He's coming forward, though. Now. It's amazing. And by doing this, what you're doing, you're providing an opportunity for Bob to tell his story. You know, believe it or not, he can tell his story. It's amazing. Because more people will come forward now that are involved with these projects. They'll come forward to you to meet they're coming forward. And so what you've done here is provide that opportunity if they need it. And it's amazing. I just want to say Bob, just

don't come forward. No, don't

come forward. Why? Why were you frickin nauseous at the beginning of this, like so upset? Why was your why'd you have a migraine? Because that started off so hard. My God, I was sitting here like, did this Why are you asking

them? Why is anxiety the guy who's gone to 30 fucking years of being persecuted his birth certificate?

I just want to hear I want to hear him say I want them to say that. I stepped out. Oh, settle down.

Yeah, well, I get it. You're it was hard for you to get them here. You know, and I appreciate your us. Yeah, you know, you do.

What really annoys me are the people that saying, you know, you guys just came up with the story to make a bunch of money or get a bunch of, you know, attention. And that's

a good point. So please explain that. First of all, why

don't get any money out of this at all. And I may I didn't even let you guys buy plane tickets for me to come out here. Anything. I mean, anytime like when Jeremy pre previewed, I guess the movie up in Michigan. I mean, they it brought in like a couple $1,000 I made sure that $2,000 went to science programs at the local high schools there dirty money, I don't take touch. I don't take any money from this stuff. And as far as attention, I hate fucking attention. I don't like being on shows. I just want to kind of hide in the corner and do my own thing. So that's I got enough hugs when I was a kid. Okay, I don't need any attention. So now that if if you if you think somehow we came up with this thing, then you gotta tell me why we did it?

Well, you've done a great job of making sure you have your bases covered in that regard that you haven't profited off of this. And like you said that you have donated whatever money that came your way to science programs. It's I mean, it. It doesn't make any sense. Any other way. I mean, what you're what I've got gotten out of here is what I thought I was going to get out of here when I watched the documentary that you what you're saying makes sense. It doesn't make sense that it's bullshit. That

happened exactly like I said it that Joe, I believe you.

In closing, is there anything else you'd like to say?

No, I can't think of anything other than really don't come and try to visit me.

Well, I know that you have paid a huge personal cost to get this information out. And I mean, maybe you didn't understand what that cost would have been when you first initially came forward with the story. But over the past 30 years, it's been immense. It's been great. And I just want to thank you for that. And thank you for all all these people that would not have gotten this information and would not have really had this story any other way. Oh, thanks, Joe. Thank you. And thank you, Jeremy. And one more time the documentary is available on Netflix right now.

Yeah, it's called Bob Lazar area 51 and flying saucers.

All right. That's it folks. Goodnight.

Yes, we're live. Ben Shapiro

has gone. Very good.

How's it going with you, man?

It's going well, I love. I love the new digs. They haven't been here since you finished it over and I walked in, I thought to myself, I've been doing my business wrong. I mean, you got what three employees? You know, there's

not that many folks working on this. Yeah,

I mean, so in my offices, we have like, 80. And our offices are not nearly this. Cool. So I'm gonna go back to my office and fire every one of your folks come in and design because, I mean, it's either a lot of people or I could have cars in my office. Yeah, but you

wouldn't go down this route. You're, you're more of a conservative gentleman know myself, then you're wearing a suit jacket. You're your own boss. Nobody tells you how to dress. And yet you dress like a grown up. Yeah.

Well, you know, I won't pretend that nobody tells me how to dress. We have people who tell me how to dress. We have people who do my hair. All that stuff. You have like fashion folks. Yeah, because I need because I used to. I mean, if you look at the old photos of me, I have like the Hitler hair. I've got like the hair. That's the only thing about me that Hilarion was my old hair. And I've got that the hair that kind of comes down over the forehead. And I still walk into the office wearing basically an undershirt every day, because I'm incredibly lazy when it comes to that stuff. But we should be able to. Yeah, I mean, that's, that's the prerogative of being the boss. Maybe

it'd be more relatable. If you showed up wearing like flip flops and T shirt

that kind of kills my brand. No, no, because like it was your brand. Exactly. I thought it was being an asshole.

I think you're an asshole, though. Thank

you. I appreciate it. You're

very nice guy. You're just conservative.

That's the dirty little secret, though. Yeah, we're not supposed to. We're not supposed to talk about that. But this is one

of the things that bothers me so much about you being so misrepresented. When I read things about you. There was a the article that we were just talking about the alt right sage without the rage, they called you and you're not even remotely. All right. In fact, you were the leading target of anti semitic abuse for all of 2016 where you

are into the anti Defamation League, which is no ally of mine. So yeah, I mean, I'm not only am I not all right, I've spent the last four years, like legitimately battling the alt right, talking about how evil I think their ideology is how evil I think white supremacy is I mean, first of all, like people with yarmulke is typically not the favorites of the alt right. And then beyond that, I mean, I think their ideology is legitimately a devastatingly awful twist on what Western civilization is supposed to be. What's amazing is a review of my new book. And my new book has several sections in there dedicated to how terrible the alt right is. And then the interview they did with me doesn't talk about alt right stuff at all, but they just assume I'm on the conservative, right? That must mean that I am alt right. It's like, No, you stupid

labels, they're disingenuous, people are labeling people in a very simple manner to try to categorize them as the enemy. And instead of just addressing these points, like I love watching your debates where you do q&a with college students and with people in the audience, because you can see you agree with you or disagree with you, you have well formulated ideas. This isn't just some bullshit that you're spouting out. You thought these things through.

I mean, I've been doing this for legitimately more than half my life. I'm 35. And I started when I was 17. And I started writing a syndicated column at that point. And when you're 17, you think a lot of dumb stuff. And then sure you get older and you educate yourself and you spend a lot of time reading and a lot of time studying. Hopefully you have some cogent arguments after 20 years of doing anything. I mean, but it's the demonization is pretty astonishing. We we had on Andrew Yang, he's the only Democratic candidate who has agreed to go on the Sunday special that I do. We did a full hour on UBI it was perfectly nice. It was perfectly coherent and, and conciliatory. And yet people will suggest that everything I do is about destroying people on the other side, because of all the Ben Shapiro destroys videos and all that kind of stuff. There's there

are certain groups of people where that's their shtick. They're like they're goons, right, they just go after people online for attention. Yes, this is a stick. This is not you. And this is what bothers me so much. And I know that you've said some things in the past like particularly about Arabs, and like when you were a younger man, you said I should have said that. Yeah,

that's exactly right. That's exactly right. Some of those things were taken out of context like that one particular tweet, which was a bad tweet was a tweet that was part of a tweet thread in which I was specifically contrasting Israel and the Hamas leadership and saying that the Israeli government likes to build and the Hamas leadership would prefer that their citizens live in sewage and bomb things. But that was a bad tweet. Obviously. My entire history on on Muslim relations is one like I supported the ability of Ilhan Omar to wear a hijab on the on the floor. I oppose President Trump's originally proposed Muslim ban. In the last three weeks I've had on machine Nawaz, I've had on contact med I had on yesterday, a reformed Muslim like these are conversations that have to be had but to take that is one of things that bugs me so much. I've tweeted I think 140,000 times I've written millions of words. I'm sure you can find something I don't even remember having written. That is bad. I have a running list by the way. I tried to be honest with I'm one of the only people I know who has I have a running list. It's called. So here's the giant list of all the dumb stuff I've ever done. And I actually go through all this, like, you can look it up. This is not me saying this now, I mean, you can go and look up all the things that I think I've done wrong. And I'll apologize for some, and I'll say some were dumb. And I'll say some, I'm fine with and you're just taking out of context. But I mean that I hope that's what honest people tried to do. But

this is the problem. You're not dealing with honest people, when people try to categorize you as All right, or they're trying to put you into this category of internet goon. There. They did, quote, tweet, there's taking some little tiny phrase you said seven years ago and trying to say this is you. This is you now, it's so that's such a disingenuous thing to do. I hate

it. And I hated across the aisle, by the way, like I was a defender of James Gunn, I thought James Gunn shouldn't have been fired from Guardians of the Galaxy. Yeah.

dumb jokes.

That's exactly right. And even if somebody tweeted something bad, like 10 years ago, bringing it up now, is not an attempt to actually make the public space better. And you're not actually offended by that thing. That person tweeted 10 years ago that you didn't notice what it is that you want to get rid of this person or hurt this person. So you're gonna bring up something from 10 years ago, and then you're gonna try and club them into submission with it? Because if you actually ask them their opinion about it, they might have a more nuanced view on what they said, maybe they apologize. Maybe they think I don't even remember saying that, right. I mean, I felt the same way. By the way, I tried to be consistent. I really do about about this stuff. I said the same thing about for example, Ralph Northam, the governor of Virginia who was excoriated for having this terrible racist photo on his yearbook page back in medical school in 1987. And people were saying, Well, this is evidence he's racist. Now. It's like, well, no, that's evidence that he was doing a racist thing, then that's not evidence that he's racist. Now, you sort of have to look over the broad course of his career. And he ended up doing what everyone now does, which is, you just don't apologize for anything. You just tried to pass it off, as in nothing. The public space is actually getting worse. Because let's say that you did something bad in the past. There are a few human responses to I did something I don't like in past human response. Number one is, you know what, I apologize that was wrong. These days, that gets your face step done. Right? You say I apologize. I was wrong. It means well, why did you do it in the first place? Because you're a bad person. Apologies are not accepted. And then number two, is you bracing it out? You do the Trump? You know, I never did anything wrong ever. I've never been perfect, right? And that, and then you get your defenders to come and surround you. And then nothing ever gets cleansed, or opportunity. Number three is you do what Barack Obama did, which is you come out preemptively. And you try to remember all the bad stuff you do, and then you confess it in public. So in Dreams from My Father, he says, right? Well, you know, when I was back in high school did a low blow. And it was like, oh, okay, so you did cocaine when he was in high school. That's, that's cool. Whereas if it comes out during the campaign, right, it's done he stoned right? Then he's got that he's got a real problem. The problem is that right now, even if you preemptively come out and say I did something wrong, like, for example, Liam Neeson talking about years ago, when he had a racist thought that he didn't act on when he had a racist thought. This is now we're gonna try and ruin your career for something that you admit was bad that you did 30 years ago, we're going to try and run you over that. If you apologize for something that you did 30 years ago, which you would have preferred just got forgotten, because it was embarrassing and stupid, then we say you're bad. And so all you're left with is like the most shameless people in the world, who are in the public space, right? The incentive structure is to be deeply shameless, to just say, yeah, man, I own that. And it was great when I said it, or I didn't say it at all, and you're just just full of it. I never said that stuff. Oh, who are you gonna believe your eyes are me. And it makes it makes for a really bad politics. Well,

it's just this the culture of going after people for things and finding any thing to categorize them as someone who's a viable target. And this is what I've seen the thrust your way. It's like, there's nothing wrong with being conservative. There's something wrong with wanting everyone to think the way you think, though. This is the difference. Like, what you what what I like that you do is you debate your points, you state your positions, you have a philosophy. And what I don't like is when people try to pretend that that philosophy is some some somehow hateful or somehow regressive, or some like you're that you condemn people for their thoughts. You just you don't. This is what not what I see with

you. I appreciate that. And I appreciate the accuracy Excite. I think that's true. I mean, I've come out against virtually every Twitter ban, including people who have personally targeted me, I've come out against that. I've come out against virtually every one.

Talk about that, because what are your thoughts about this idea of D platforming? And, you know, this is something that we were just discussing before the podcast, where the CEO of YouTube and Kara Swisher from recode I think Kara Swisher they were talking about removing you from YouTube, and I thought it was the CEO of YouTube. It was actually Caros that I would if I could,

yeah, she's passed because her son apparently listens to that's kind of

funny if she's being funny saying that it was I thought it was the CEO of YouTube.

She was trying to imply that she was trying to the same thing that they do with you or with Dave Rubin and Jordan Peterson, which is that anybody who is sort of heterodox because In that group, I think I'm the only registered Republican ever. Anybody who's heterodox is now being portrayed as darks meaning just thinks differently from kind of the down the line, Democratic Party platform. You're not like down the line with Hillary, you're like Sam Harris is a Democrat Sam Harris is heterodox because he disagrees that Islam is by necessity a religion of peace, for example, or he thinks that we have to look at actual statistics in order to make evidentiary base points about discrimination and disparity. And this makes him an enemy of people like Ezra Klein and vox.com, this sort of stuff, they then say that you are a feeder for white supremacy, right? They can't actually get you on what you say. Yeah. So it turns into well, you know, some members of your audience do things that that are really bad. It's like, Well, dude, I have like millions of people who are members of my audience, I have 5 million Facebook followers. I have 2 million on Twitter, and you're way bigger than I am. I assume that some of those people are going to be crazy.

I mean, yeah, I would assume Yeah, the idea that your respect Well, this is what YouTube tried to do you know that the comment thing? Where the YouTube was going to try to make people responsible for the comments and their videos? Which What is it normal Jamie, like a normal video that we get? How many comments is like 10,000? That's like an average one. How the fuck? Am I supposed to have some dude with his itchy trigger fingers standing by in front of a keyboard just waiting for something offensive to pop up. And this was in response to something that happened with them where there was pedophiles who are watching videos of children doing things, and they were commenting stuff in the you know, like children's gymnastics and stuff like that. They're commenting and like communicating with each other through the comments. And it was sort of discovered that there was this connection. They were doing this in many, many videos and YouTube rightly panic. They're like, holy shit, we have to stop this. So the response, I guess was, we just have to make people responsible for their comments. Someone said, oh, yeah, good idea. But you didn't think through it at all. Right? And that certain people that can't do that, it's

totally insane. And and it's insane in in virtually every respect. And it's funny how it's only applied kind of by the media on one side of the aisle. So to take an example, the congressional baseball shooting happens a couple of years ago guy happens to be a Bernie fan is that Bernie Sanders is fault, right? No, that is not Bernie Sanders is that went away, right? Literally, people stopped talking. And that was shooting of legislators, like elected people when nearly died. And that kind of went away. We don't talk about, you know, Bernie's responsibility, but there's a shooting in Christchurch, and it's Jordan Peterson's fault. And Jordan Peterson has no relationship with the shooter whatsoever. It's my fault. I have no relationship with the shooter and denounce everything that that piece of crap stands for. And suddenly, it's really ugly. And it's going to it will come home to roost. I mean, here's what's going to happen is Facebook and YouTube, are you gonna fall prey to their own standards? Because if their standard is that you're responsible for your followers, or I'm responsible for my followers, or Jordan or anybody else is responsible for all the people who view their stuff. Okay, then why isn't Facebook responsible for all the people posting on his platform? If they are right, if Facebook becomes responsible for all the people posting on his platform, they'll be bankrupt in a week, they've got a problem, they really do. Because they have to decide whether they're a platform, or whether they are a do gooder publication. I run, I run a publication daily wire, it's openly conservative, we make no bones about that. And we are responsible for the content that appears on our platform. And if we say something defamatory, we will be sued. If we say something that is false, then we will be sued. Presumably, if you post something false on Facebook, Facebook doesn't get sued. But now Facebook is deemed itself the morality police and they'll ban people they don't like and they'll decide what editorially ought to be elevated and what ought not to be elevated. Does that sound more like the phone company to you? Or does that sound more like my website where I decide what gets published? And what doesn't? Right? Because Facebook's case for exemption from these laws, is what we're like the phone company, right? When you're on the phone with somebody, if that person says something criminal, at&t isn't responsible for the person saying something criminal or terrible. It's just the phone company, right? But Facebook isn't doing that Facebook is jumping into the middle of conversations, and then saying, well, we don't really like this conversation. So we're just going to kind of shut it down, not because of legal threat, but because we just don't like it. So are

they actually doing that? Say if you put a post up on Facebook, and they don't like the way you worded things or describe things where they actually shut down your posts, what will they

do? So they've done it in the past to some conservative public is pretty controversial, because they're not transparent at all. Right? I can tell you that the beginning of 2018, we lost about 35% of our traffic because Facebook started cracking down on mostly conservative sites, they said that it was kind of new sites generally. But that's not what the statistics showed. They're doing it more often with things that we all sort of agree are bad, right? We all agree white supremacy is bad. White Nationalism is bad. Now they say they're gonna censor that stuff. But here's where I'm uncomfortable. I think that that stuff is awful and evil and those people are the ones are the they're the reason I have personal security. But once you get into the business of Facebook gets to decide which speech is good and which speech is bad. They're an editor. Yeah, they're an editor even if I agree with their assessment. I have what stuff is good and what is bad, I am not comfortable with them in the driver's seat there. And if they are going to be in the driver's seat, then they shouldn't be held liable for all the stuff that's on their platform. Why isn't the twitter twitter same thing? Right? Why is it that Louis Farrakhan is still on that platform? But Alex Jones is not like, I don't like Alex Jones's material. And I've been very, very critical of Alex Jones. I didn't think he should get banned from from Twitter unless he actually violated the law unless he was responsible for a violent threat unless he was defamatory or something. They're

definitely going down this road of being the moral arbitrators. They're the ones who get to decide what the conversations are. And and that's an insane responsibility, the responsibility of getting to dictate what should and should not be discussed, and to have it be a handful of people and have these people almost almost exclusively live in the Pacific Northwest. That whole tech community mean, it's all tech liberals who really if you're round those people, they live in this really strange, Uber wealthy bubble of super genius spectrum, people who are coders, and super capitalists and people that are raising money all over the place and designing technology, and they have an ideology. And it's not necessarily a bad one, just just being honest and upfront about what it is. It's it's incredibly progressive, which is very unusual for big business, right for big business to be just openly, transparently progressive and pushing social justice. It's very unusual.

Well, I think that there is a sort of misunderstanding of when we say what big business is, what big businesses so I think that there's a wide variety of owners of businesses and how they think about politics, obviously, you know, Bill Gates is a progressive guy, Warren Buffett's progressive guy they are now.

His whole life is ruthless with Microsoft.

Well, so I think that there are a lot of listen, I think that that the vast majority, I think Mark Zuckerberg is ruthless with Facebook, and he's progressive. I think Jack Dorsey is as ruthless as the next guy when it comes to profit. I mean, he's still got to be answerable to his shareholders. So I think I think a lot of the progressivism is sort of a way to excuse your own in your own involvement in the capitalist market. Facebook

took off don't be evil. That was their thing. Don't people that decide to remove that Google, right? Yes, a Facebook, Google. Yeah. When Google did that, I met Google. Just funny when you think something, but you're saying and when they did that, it's like, why would you ever take off? Don't be evil. Like that.

But here's my thing. Here's my thing. I think that if our tech companies were honest, they should take that stuff off. Like stop pretending you're do Gooding, you're not doing you're providing a platform, and maybe the platform is the good, right? In a capitalist economy. The product that you provide is the good I don't need additional good to come from your product, right? If you want to provide me a solid morning drink, right? I don't need your politics along with that. I just need the drink. Well, if I want a social media company, I don't give two craps about what Mark Zuckerberg thinks about politics. Dude hasn't studied it. I don't care at all with Jack Dorsey who vacations in Malaysia and gets bitten by a million mosquitoes, while meditating has to say about the nature of life. Like what why do I care about Jack Dorsey's political view? He has provided me a good the good is this basic chat room where I'm consuming news, how about that would just be enough, but it's not enough for a lot of these folks. It's, it's the, the kind of huli from Silicon Valley, we're gonna pretend that we're here to do good. And it's not enough just to acknowledge that maybe the thing that you provided is the good like Bill Gates has done more good with Microsoft. And then he has done with any of his charities, he's given a lot of money to charity. But Microsoft has provided legitimately hundreds of 1000s of jobs and created enormously productive lines of business and made enormous profit for a lot of people. A lot of people have stock in Microsoft, as a general as a basic factual thing, he has done more good doing that than giving 10s of millions of dollars to, to various outside causes. So it feels like a lot of the progressivism in in corporate halls in Silicon Valley is bifurcated mentally, it's like people have it like dolphins is one side of the brain on at a time. Here's my, here's my capitalist side where I go out and make money and profit. And then here's my other side, where I show people what a great person I am by proclaiming that I'm for Bernie Sanders, while parking my money offshore to make sure that they're it's shielded from that from the tax man.

Yeah, well, that's a good assessment. What I'm saying is the Don't be evil thing. Like, one of the things that I thought was a what if that was like a legal decision with me being cynical that they were pulled into some sort of an office and said, If we say, Don't be evil, and you take someone off the platform, you're accusing them of evil. That's

I mean, that we should slow that maybe I mean, again, this this, this self assessment of you are the moral police. I find really troubling and it's so funny, I'm, I'm the suppose and more or less, right? I'm the religious guy. I'm the Orthodox Jew, right? I talk about social standards and how people should behave in that Personal life when it comes to government, and when it comes to me imposing my views on you, I am way less of a top down tyrant than any of the people in Silicon Valley, I am not here to tell you that you are not allowed to be on a platform because we disagree. It's one thing if you're threatening violence, which is an actual violation of law, but this crap where people like me because I believe in the social fabric built on certain Judeo Christian values, but I'm not forcing you to be part of that. And I'm not, I don't think the government should compel you to be a part of that, or I'm the tyrant. But the person who sits at the top of Twitter or Facebook, who is saying that they get to police what you see, and they're going to nudge you in the right direction, nudge you in the right direction, without your consent, without them even telling them what you're doing. Right. They're just, they're gonna push you a little bit because they know better than you. And they can sort of massage you into better views if we control your channels of information. This is something the Obama administration was very fond of. There's a scholar named Cass Sunstein, as a legal scholar, and he wrote a book called nudge he was very famous it was it was used as sort of a handbook during the Obama administration. And the idea was, well, if we can just use a non forcible means to sort of nudge people in a particular direction without them even knowing they're being nudged, then shouldn't we do that? And I think, No, you shouldn't, you shouldn't, because transparency is the only way I can tell what kind of bullshit you're trying to sell me.

Well, not just that, like you're you're closing down even conversation, if soon as you're trying to silence this other voice. If you're, if you believe one thing, and another person believes a different thing you should probably talk about. And the way, the way that I know for sure there's something wrong with your argument, is if what you're trying to do is you're sneakily trying to silence these voices. And again, as long as we're not talking about threats of violence, and as long as we're not talking about harassment, or Daxing, right, we're just talking about conversation, you're just talking about people with differing points of view, if you want to silence differing points of view, I have to wonder about your intent, I have to wonder about whether you're going into this conversation with good faith, I have to wonder whether you've really objectively assessed whether or not your argument does hold up against scrutiny. Because this is also part of the problem. And when you're in an echo chamber, you often don't formulate these arguments very well. Like when you confront people about certain bias beliefs that they have. And you you have an opposing belief, if they're part of a bubble, like sometimes they might not have even ever considered some of the things you have to say. And I've seen that with some of your videos.

Yeah, I mean, it does happen all the time. And with sophisticated people, or I've spent my entire life literally my entire life in areas where everyone disagrees with me. Yeah, I grew up in LA, I went to Harvard Law School for three years, I was in Cambridge, where everyone disagreed with me. And then I came back to LA. So I have never spent more than a week at a time in a red state. Right, whatever your

conservative values moved in one way or another of the I mean,

I should say that at all, my personal values probably haven't shifted very much, but my political values have shifted libertarian. Hmm. I mean, so I used to be a proponent of criminalization of marijuana, I'm no longer I've been in favor for you. A couple of things. One was just a general sense of the government sucks at everything. And the more I see the government tried to crack down on things, the more prevalent it becomes, I mean, people were dealing pot on my sixth grade, seventh grade playground in public school. So obviously, like, yeah, exactly. And, and then, just a general, a general perception, not only the government sucks at everything, but that you got to own your own actions, and also examining more of the evidence about the impact of pot on people's lives. And, you know, again, there's you ruining your own life through use of drugs, then there's drugs that legitimately ruin other people's lives, are there drugs that remove your ability to even reason or think I think there are only two reasons to criminalize drugs in any fashion. One is, if there are drugs, like for example, PCP that legitimately make you violent, and then you are going out and committing acts of violence against people, then there's a case. Or if you're talking about a drug, where it legitimately robs you of your capacity to reason if it were heroin, if you're able to actually crack down on it successfully. But even then, I'm not sure that the proper government solution is criminalization because we've criminalized it, and it's still incredibly prevalent. So it's, I

agree with you, I agree with you on that. And I agree with you in terms of drugs being extremely detrimental. And the other part is that there's comparable drugs that are illegal, and comparable drugs, meaning not even really comparable drugs that are far more devastating, like alcohol, like you could just go to any grocery store and buy a jug of whiskey and kill yourself with it. It's not difficult.

And we have books already that prevent externalities. If you drive high, it's the same as driving drunk. So I'm not sure that you need additional laws to do that. And also, you know, I'm not opposed to zoning laws like I don't think a pot shop should open up right next to my house right there. Residential zoning. That's fine. With liquor stores, though, right? I don't want a liquor store right next to my house. This is correct. Yeah. Right. So So I become libertarian, in some ways on that sort of stuff. The same thing is true, by the way when it comes to the issue of same sex marriage. So on a personal moral level, I'm opposed to same sex marriage. I'm an Orthodox Jew. And I believe that a man and a woman were made For each other, when it comes to government involvement, I don't think that's anybody's business. I think a lot of things I think adultery is bad too. I don't think the government ought to be involved in adultery. I I'm so strict I don't think premarital sex is a good thing, right? I've been very vocal about this. I was a virgin until I was married. My wife was a virgin until she was married. I think that's a good thing. So I think the government has anything to do with any of those things. No, I don't I don't think it's any of the government's business. It's consensual activity. There are no externalities. So what exactly is the government getting involved in? And when the government gets involved in stuff, then there are externalities, right? Once the government starts to cram down its vision on people, then you start to get unintended externality. So for example, with the, with the legalization, my view on marriage, is that the government should get completely out of the business. I don't think the government should be involved in straight marriage. I don't think it should be involved in gay marriage, I think the government should be out. I agree. 100%. And the reason that I say that is because as a religious person, right, who believes in traditional marriage, I have two, I have two marriage certificates. I have the one from the state that I don't give two craps about, it's buried somewhere in my garage. And then I have my religion, my religious marriage certificate, which meant among other things, that I got to shut up my wife, right. I mean, like, this was the one that mattered to me. And I think that's true for most religious people. The religious ceremony matters a lot more than the state saying a thing. And the state isn't incentivizing. Those people aren't getting married, because they're like, Yeah, I need the tax break. So that's a bunch of nonsense. And once the government decides what version of marriage it wants to push, that then comes into conflict with other values. So for example, once the state of California decides that same sex marriage is on legal par with heterosexual marriage, now I'm worried about the externality of I have a religious day school, or I have my synagogue, my synagogue is a religious institution, it doesn't approve of same sex marriage. Now, is the government going to come in and tell my synagogue how it ought to act with regard to same sex marriage? I don't think that's the government's business. So how about this? How about everybody gets to do basically what they want associated with whom they want? And it's none of the government's business. This seems like a pretty good, happy medium.

I I'm so glad you talked about the two things that I want to talk to you about that I'm sure we disagree on. One of them being marijuana and the other one being gay people marrying each other. So let's start with the marijuana one. Do you think marijuana ruins people's lives? Is that is that one of your contentions?

I think that it can. And I think in the same way you ever had any experience with marijuana? No, I'm just talking about the I'm just talking about the statistical overuse of marijuana among teenagers does have detrimental brain effects that have some long term after effects. It's

pretty proven. And that's one of the things that I really, I'm glad you said that because I wanted to cover that while you were in the middle of a rant. Well, we were joking around about sixth and seventh graders selling pot. Don't smoke pot when you're young, you really should. It's not good for the development of your brain. Same thing with drinking. You know, I didn't smoke a lot of pot when I was a kid I did a handful of times until I was 30 years old. But I did drink a bunch of times when I was young, and in high school. And it's terrible for brain developed, right? Especially before you're 25. And your frontal cortex hasn't even fully formed. your frontal lobe is like this. It's it's a developing thing. And there was an article recently that I posted from BBC they were saying that you probably shouldn't be considered an adult until you're 30.

Right? They're saying brain development doesn't even stop until you're 26 or 20. This is why when when people are saying let's let's lower the voting age, and I'm like, What the

What the fuck are you talking about? When I was 16, I was a chimp. It was a chimp in high school. Now when the problem that I have with many people's perceptions on marijuana is that it's based on ignorance meaning not no personal experience. You know, and

listen, I'll admit I've no personal marijuana. So I know you don't I'm not speak probably should get high. That's what I'm trying to say. Man, I've seen the effects on on stock prices. When people get hired in the studios.

They jump up and jump down for a little while. Chickens jump off the vote. Then they come right back up. The marijuana thing is, in my opinion, it's another one of those things where people have this this categorized box that they like to put marijuana users in like this is the category lazy stoner stupid, delusional.

It's too widespread for that. I mean, there are people I know who are doctors who Yeah, so well. There's

the jujitsu community is a big one. There's a giant percentage of the jujitsu community that does jujitsu, hi, they have competitions, or a party does not matter. I'm telling you it because it's not what people think it is. If you've never smoked marijuana, this is going to be a very difficult thing to grasp. But marijuana enhances jujitsu because it eliminates the rest of the world. When you're rolling, which rolling is like say if you and Jamie were going to have a sparring match that would be rolling like slap hands, and then you go and you try to choke him and he's trying to get you in an armbar and you're going after it. When you do that on marijuana. It's like you don't think of anything else other than those movements and it becomes like this. Very intense meditation and violence. Like it's not violent in terms of most of the time you don't really even get hurt. Like you get to the point like one of the beautiful things about jujitsu is you can grab a hold of someone and choke them to the point where they're going to go to sleep and you would kill them if you kept going. And they tap around your friends again, and everybody's cool. And you try to do it to me and I try to do it to you. And you really can do it reasonably hard without people getting hurt. It happens every day, all throughout the world. A lot of these people are high. And they're doing this jujitsu practice in this almost like trends. It's it's a transcendent

state, if you can function when you're using marijuana. I don't care. But you can. This is what I'm saying and perceptions are off. So, I mean, I would assume there's a small subset of the population for whom that's not true, right? Who are overusing marijuana? Yes. And that's probably the majority, in fact, okay, so So then, you know, but again, it's not a caesarean way with food. I agree. So I don't think there's anything we disagree about here because I'm not talking about criminalizing marijuana use. I think that we should honestly discuss the evidence that for a subset of the population, there is some evidence that marijuana is addicting, but it's a subset. It's not everybody who's on marijuana, the vast majority of people on marijuana are not addicted to marijuana. I think in the same way alcohol administer of alcohol was well, there's there's

people that are going to be addicted to almost anything. And I think there's just absolutely people that are addicted to sugar this for sure people that are addicted to nicotine and alcohol and all these things that we let people have

the material addictiveness of marijuana is not comparable to opioids, though

for us. It's not even comparable to alcohol or nicotine, it's it's seems to be very rare when people become physically addicted to it extremely rare. And what's what's common, though, is abuse. And it's common in everything that human beings consume. It's abuse is common, as we said, with food, certainly common with alcohol, it's certainly common with pills.

This is why, you know, I really believe that the way to solve some of these problems is a social fabric problem. Like it's a parenting problem. It's a social fabric problem. It's a personal choice problem. Yeah. That's why virtually every solution I suggest is so funny. You know, I'm constantly conservatives like me, who are libertarian leaning are constantly accused of being non compassionate. No, it's just our compassionate solutions don't involve the use of government. Yeah, it's like, we're going to encourage people to make better decisions with their lives. And if you choose not to do that, it's a free country.

Well, you know, coming from religious background, you have this community that reinforces this kind of behavior and thought, and I think that's one of the major, really, one of the best benefits of religion is that moral fabric and that community, the sense of community, even silly ones, like Mormons, you know, they're the nicest folks, right? They believe something that is fucking patently insane. If you go and read the Joseph Smith texts from 1821, he's 14 years old, the shit that he wrote, like,

I try not to get into doctrinal insanity. I wear a funny hat all day.

Well, I'm just gonna get to that. Yeah.

But you know, with that said, I mean, Alexis de Tocqueville talks about this, you know, early on in the American Republic, the idea is that what makes America very different is the idea. You don't need a big government, when you do have a supportive social fabric where people feel like they're at least oriented toward a common goal. It's one of the problems that I think we have in the country right now, I'm not sure people are oriented toward even a common sense of, of conversation. I mean, it's you don't have to agree on on everything in order to have a common sense of the important values that unify the country are showing us and I always use Sam Harris as sort of my bet noir here, because he's obviously a militant atheist, I'm, I'm an equally in equally strong believer. And yet, when it comes to the things that we would like to see happen in the country, not on government policy level, but on a, let's have a conversation level and discuss on evidence level, we're on the same page, there's certain core assumptions you have to make in order for that to happen. And my argument that America and the West, is that those core assumptions are built on Judeo Christian foundations, Sam's core argument seems to be that they're built on evolutionary biology. We differ a little bit there.

I don't want to let this marijuana thing go to one of the things that I wanted to bring up too, was this idea that if you're a religious person, don't you think that there's certain things that maybe God put here for us to consume, to change your perspective to allow you to reach new levels of consciousness? Don't you think it's entirely possible that some of these things that are here, and I know you haven't experienced, but they might literally have been put there by God. And there's some evidence to say that a lot of the text from the Bible that in particular, there was I think it was the University of Tel Aviv, somewhere in in Jerusalem, where the scholars were, they were trying to decipher what it meant when Moses encountered the burning bush, right. And they believe that it may have been the acacia tree, which is very rich and Dimethyltryptamine, which is a psychedelic substance that actually that the brain produces. And it's very common in plants. And they think that this might have been when he met God, and God was a burning bush, that this might have been some crude translation of them being involved in some sort of a psychedelic experience. Now, it sounds outlandish, unless you've had that psychedelic experience and when you have you very well could think that you were in a conversation with God, this is on earth. And this is something that may very well have been lost information, or this may very well have been rituals that people participated in to bring them closer together, and to reinforce that sense of community that you do get from a church. And you do get from a group of people that share more beliefs and values. And there's there's real good discussion, that a lot of these experiences that became these religious doctrines came from psychedelic experiences. Now, as someone who's never experienced that before, I know, this is probably a very strange thing to try to even wrap your head around. It's, it is entirely alien until you experience it. But it might very well be religious.

I mean, I've heard that from other people who have been who have used those kinds of drugs, they say, I'm actually made this argument to me too, about the use of psychedelics. And any maybe apples well, okay, so this argument, I will say, I'm not super fond of the argument that God made something and therefore, it's ours to use, or, I mean, like, I keep kosher, right, like God made pigs, I don't need him. So. So I am not a huge fan of the argument that because something is here, or because in urges natural, therefore we ought to imbibe, or therefore we ought to participate in a particular activity. One of the things that I that I'm very big on I'm a rationalist, when it comes to religion, as much as you can be a rationalist with regard to religion, to the extent that I think that it's up to us to use our reasonable faculties to determine the proper use of things. So which is why you shouldn't overuse drugs, even if you're going to use drugs. This

is part of the problem making things illegal, you make things illegal, then you really don't know what it is or how it affects the body, or what's the right dose or the wrong dose. And then people get involved in these terrible situations where they're taking things, they're just guessing.

I mean, there's truth to that. But it's also true that on a social level, I'm not talking about legal because we totally agree on a legal level. On the social level. There's a couple of things that are true of, for example, the Orthodox Jewish community, low rates of addiction, because people have that social fabric, they don't feel the necessity. Also, me as you say, substance use in moderation can actually be quite a good thing. So low rates of alcoholism in the Jewish community. And part of that is the fact that you are given kiddish wine from the time you're a kid, right? I mean, you actually are destigmatize, yeah, it's D stigmatized. And the idea is that in its proper context, this could be a good thing. So I'll admit, I don't know enough about the proper context of marijuana to know when it would be a quote unquote, good thing. And so I can be a good thing. This is what I'm trying to do. So and also I'm, you know, the truth is, I don't enjoy drinking, right? I'm not I'm not a drinker. I don't enjoy I like reality. I like living in reality, and I like experiencing it totally sober. So I've never really felt the urge to do any of that stuff. I hear the pitch, I hear the pitch. But I've never really felt the interior designer needed to jump in. We understand

that. I think that what we're dealing with, though, is perceptions that have been molded by laws that were shaped by tyrants. That's what I think.

I mean, again, that's totally possible and plausible. Yeah. And it's historically

accurate. I mean, when it comes to prohibition, prohibition with alcohol didn't work. Prohibition with drugs is just making the cartels bigger, and it's causing problems. On

a practical level, whether you like drugs or don't like drugs, government intervention, ism is generally a giant fail. I

think our perceptions of what is good for you and is bad for you is also based on laws that the government created ignorantly, the sweeping psychedelic act of 1970, which made virtually everything psychedelic that they could, they missed a few things, few things slipped through the cracks, but all of the tryptamines and most of them, the psilocybin, LSD, all that stuff was made completely illegal by people really didn't even know what it was. And a lot of that is why we based our ideas of what's good or bad for you. It's based on what is legal and what people have done with on

this area, I will admit not only complete experiential ignorance, but complete evidentiary ignorance. So I haven't examined the evidence, I really don't have strong opinions on any of this. I think it's

one of the bridges that we all could use between conservative thought and liberal thought, particularly for people that are dying. It's one of the things that Johns Hopkins found, and there's been other studies done, and there's been therapy done on people that are dying of terminal diseases, and they give them psilocybin and when they give them these mushroom trips, they have these beautiful experiences where they completely accept death and it's almost a universal reaction to it. That like the the amount of people who still experience a positive benefit months and months after the experience while they're dying, that they say this was an incredibly moving and powerful moment in my life that allowed me to accept the fact that my time here is done.

I mean, listen, if that's something that works for people, and that's what it's designed to do, then

I don't know it's it's designed well even by God I literally might, that's

fine. I mean, I think there's also the generalized religious counter argument that there are no shortcuts to no shortcuts to happiness. So let's let's pose. I don't think Well, that's the question, right? I mean, like, let's say that, I could guarantee you that tomorrow, you're going to be a happier person, all you have to do is take this regimen of, of drugs that you're going to take every day. And it's going to make you a happier person, a more well rounded person, but it's going to permanently change your brain chemistry. Is that something that you think is good? Or is it something you think is bad? Because from a religious perspective, there is an argument to be made that these are this is work you need to do on yourself without outside aid, if possible. If there's cases where you can't, then you can't but yeah,

you know, turn to an interesting thought experiment, Terence McKenna had a line about that. He said that there was a joke about there was a monk and he met Buddha, because Buddha came to town and he said Buddha, he wanted to impress him. He said, I practice the city of levitation. And I've done this for 10 years. And now I can walk on water. And the Buddha says, but the fairies only a nickel. What do you fucking waste of your time? Like you can aid the progression rapidly with psychedelic drugs? And this is something that, you know, do you know about maps, and their work with MDMA, and soldiers that have had PTSD? Not so much? No, it's, it's phenomenal. By giving these soldiers MDMA therapy, meaning they give them MDMA, which is essentially what people think of as ecstasy the streets. They give them pure MDMA, and then they assist them with, they actually have a psychologist, sit with them, a therapist, and they go over all these details of these traumatic events, and they come to peace with everything. And they've had profound benefits for soldiers and for we, some combat journalists, different people that have been over there and have experienced the horrors of war and just general PTSD, maybe for people who've experienced violence attacks, that is shown to be one of the very best things we've ever discovered for helping people get past it.

So here's to me, and I'm thinking about this on the fly, because this is stuff I don't think about very much. But it's, it's there's a complex moral equation, to the extent that if you're talking about somebody who has PTSD, somebody has a condition and the only way to help that condition is to use these drugs. I've never had a problem with any of that stuff, right? I mean, I've my grandfather was was schizophrenic, and by maybe bipolar, maybe schizophrenic, the diagnosis not exactly clear, they prescribed him, lithium made him a lot better. Would he have been better off struggling with schizophrenia, of course, not much better than he should have been lithium and then be able to live in his rational mind. So when there's a problem using drugs to get past it and work with it is a good thing. You do run the risk of the sort of brave new world situation where you have a group of people who have a certain level of ersatz happiness that is not driven by a point of view, but more by just the the chemicals in their their body. chemicals affect your point of view that that is 100% true. Yeah. But are you Yuval Harare talks about maybe this is the future, right? He talks about the idea that maybe the future is we just drug ourselves until we're happy. Basically, we're more that happiness is the drugs. Because if you're a scientific materialist, that's what it is. Happiness is just a bunch of chemicals flowing throughout your body. So if you can bring them in, without self change, but I do wonder whether that robs people of a certain level of purpose that the struggle is part of being human. I

think we're changing what it is to be human just by carrying around phones. And just I

mean, that's, that's true. But I think that that's, again, one of the things that I think makes being a human worthwhile is the idea that you are struggling, like I think I think the struggle is actually meaningful. And I think that's why religions tend to set prophylactic rules, sometimes for good and sometimes for ILL. So for example, I, I'm addicted to my phone. I mean, there's just no question, right? It's in my hand all the time. And but from Friday night to Saturday night, it's off, I can't look at it, and forbidden from looking at it. And this breaks the cycle, at least for one day a week. And that's a good thing that makes me better as a human being has a limit I set for myself, and then a limit that I abide by. And if you believe in self mastery, where's the happy medium between self mastery? And I need a little bit of a and I think that there is a happy medium there. But I'm not sure that that your drugs are the answer to I don't think you're suggesting drugs. No,

I'm not suggesting that. And there's also a problem with the word drugs, that the everything is under that blanket. And that blanket can be entirely negative or extremely positive. But that's there's a problem. I use it to mean, not accusing you, but that that term, it's a problem. It's a problem term, because what these are are substances that are psychoactive and some of them can be extremely beneficial. And some of them have short term experiences that last with long term results. And I don't think that there's enough knowledge that I don't think the people that are negative against it. Have have experienced enough of it, or have looked at it in an objective rational way. Because I think it's something that could be here to aid perspective, to give people a chance to think outside of their normal, conditioned way of thinking that might have been established by their community or by their church or by their neighborhood, whatever it is, sometimes, a little bit of a break a little bit of a mental break from what you're experiencing, in the vibration that you exist on almost every day, to separate from that. And to get a look at it from the outside. Sometimes it allows you to have a renewed perspective that can enhance your life greatly,

as long as when people reengage the reengaging level of just the right thing,

and this is what we share. You and I have both discipline people. And it's one of the things I really respect about you. You're a very hard worker, you're always on the ball, you're very disciplined. And I know that a lot of conservative people admire that. And they admire that and folks, and they think that people who are liberal are not disciplined. They think that they're lazy. It falls into this like weak, beta, male sort of category of people that are progressive and liberal. And I think that's, I think that's a misunderstanding. I think you guys, you and I both agree that the struggle is very important. But I struggle physically, so that I don't have to struggle mentally. I struggle physically, so that I can have a better way of looking at things with less stress. So we have this shared belief that things should be a struggle, my struggle, I force my struggle on myself, so that I can have a better perspective. And this is something that you and I differ on like I think you exercise, right? Yes.

How often you do I tried to every day? Yeah. Makes a big deal. Yeah, it's it's a huge deal. Yeah, I

mean, I think we we both understand that struggle is a it's an important part of understanding yourself. If you do not push yourself if you do not struggle, you're not going to really get who you are, what your boundaries are. And if you're self indulgent, if every day you're stuffing things in your face that you want to, like it's good to have a rule like hay for this next month. You can't eat this, or you can't do that, or I want you to start fasting 16 hours a day. Is it that hard, just eat for eight hours a day and fast for 16. But not but that just doing something like that and setting these guidelines for yourself and putting yourself into a disciplined state can be extremely beneficial. Like Jocko willing. Coy says discipline equals freedom is a great formula. And it's real

well, it's again, it is the basis of a lot of religion. I mean, a lot of religion is very practice based. It's one of the reasons I like Judaism as opposed to other religions, they vary practice based religion. You know, sometimes you can take that too far in one direction, which is I say, you need to balance reason with with dictates that are that are meant to make you better. But that goes all the way back to Aristotle. I mean, Aristotle talks about how you have to practice to be good, right? You have to practice to be virtuous. What makes you a virtuous person is acting repeatedly, in accordance with with right reason. And that is setting rules for yourself. Right? That is not violating every rule. I think when we talk about on the conservative side, folks on the left being lazy, I don't mean that in terms of work. I mean, Mark Zuckerberg is a hard worker, I assume. And Jack Dorsey when he's not getting bitten by by mosquitoes seems like a hard worker. But you know, most most of the people, most people have jobs are hard workers. I don't think it's about that. I think it's it's it's a certain perspective on the necessity of rules. And the mindset that if I don't know what a rule is, for, I'm going to remove it. So GK Chesterton has this this very famous kind of contrast that he draws between people who tend to be right wing politically, and people who tend to be left wing politically, he says, people who tend to be left wing politically, you're walking through a walking through the woods, and you come across a fence, you don't know why the fence is there. And you say, I don't know why this fence is here. I'm removing it. And the person who's right wing, walks through the forest and sees the fence and says, I have no idea why the fence is here, I'm gonna go find out why the fence is here, and then maybe I'll remove it. And that's the kind of Burkean conservative attitude toward rules. The the attitude that this rule was put here for a reason, maybe the rule sucks, maybe the rule has to go. But let's try and figure out what was at the root of the rule before we just wipe out all the fences, and then try to rebuild from the ground up all these new fences. And that's especially true in a civilization that's the most prosperous and free civilization ever created. I mean, if the system really sucked, that'd be one thing, but I think people are kind of ungrateful about the fact that we live in the best possible time in the best possible place. And then that's just that's the reality. And everybody who's so negative about living in America, it's like, okay, in 19 101, in 10, American children died in the first year of life. In 1850, the average life expectancy in Europe was under 40. So what are you talking about? What are you talking about, like our biggest problems today, really, for the vast majority of people is that we are too fat, or that we are we don't have a job, but we still have somebody who's basically making sure we have food like Starvation is not a serious problem in the United States. There's a problem of poverty, but there's not a problem of widespread starvation. In fact, poverty tends to align with obesity. This state pretty unbelievably great society. So maybe you ought to look back at the roots of that society before we start willy nilly tearing up all of the all of the moral boundaries.

I think you and I agree that this is the greatest time ever to be alive. I think what these other folks are saying is that we can do better. And I think we all agree with that. But sure, but to classify this time as being a terrible time is, I think, wholly inaccurate, by

the way, I hit it right and left, right. And this is one of the reasons it's one of the reasons why I think there's a certain point where the Trumpian populist right meets the Bernie Sanders populist left and that is them walking around saying how much things suck, and it's like, no, no, that's just that's just wrong. So

it's pretty amazing time. It's amazing time for communication to it's amazing time for people to kind of understand other people's perspectives and points of view, which is one of the reasons why deep platforming and and silencing of conservatives, even though I'm not conservative, bothers the shit out of me. Yeah, I just think it's a, it's a non harmonious action in a time that I think could lead to people having much more open and much more balanced communication. I

mean, this should be the time when we are having more conversations and more fun with each other. And where we are feeling more entrepreneurial, we have a better social safety net than ever. So one of the statistics that really bothers me is that the level of American mobility has declined rapidly in the United States. So the number of people who are leaving their home state to go somewhere else to work a job, for example, is that decades low. Why it's easier to get anywhere. Now, there's 7 million unfilled jobs. I keep hearing from, you know, folks who I, you know, personally like people like Tucker Carlson, that, you know, you grew up in a small town and the town is dying, the industry left. Well, you have the government somehow owes it to you, that you get to grow up in this town, and stay in that town, even if all the industry left. And I just think to myself, by whom, who gave you this guarantee that you get to stay there. And I know, listen, I'm, I'm a lucky guy. I grew up in a two parent household, we grew up wealthy, but we were middle middle class, like I grew up in a small house in Burbank with two bedrooms, and I had three sisters, it was me and my three sisters in one bedroom, and one bathroom for six people. That's not poor. That's middle class. It's a great life. And I understand some people don't have that life. But one thing that is guaranteed to you is the opportunity for adventure in this country. So go and move. Like why are we inculcating a feeling of victimhood in a society where if you make the right decisions you will do? Well, I mean, not you might do well, if you make basic, basic right choices, you will finish better than you started in American society. I mean, we're talking like the most basic choices like finish high school, and don't have a baby out of wedlock and get a job like you do those three things. And the Brookings Institute says that you will not be in permanent poverty in the United States. Like, that's amazing. That was not true for the vast majority of human history. For the vast majority of human history. You did all of those things there was in high school, but you did all the other things. And then you live like a serf on a farm until you died at age 37 of dairy or something. So it's just the lack of optimism in a society where it should be running rampant is kind of astonishing to me.

Well, it's perspective, right? I mean, rich kids grow up with this perspective of constantly being rich, and people grew up with this perspective of how they view the United States as this negative thing or that they don't know how to change their life. They don't know how to take action, because they haven't had anyone around them that it's done it and that's part of the problem with small town mentalities is that you kind of inherit the vibe of the people that around you. And if they're ignorant, or if they're, they're shallow minded, or if they're, they're stuck in this one town, and they're never going to leave, and you get caught in that vibe. You can one day wake up, and you're 32. And you've never done anything.

I mean, this is what events talks about in Hillbilly Elegy, right? People who are in these small towns, and they basically been told that they have two choices, they can go on welfare, or they can leave Yeah. And it's like, okay, fine, I'll go on welfare. You know, everybody around me is why why not? There's nothing morally deficient about going on on welfare. It's actually one of the the bigger problems I have with the welfare state generally, is that it just connects the person receiving the aid from the person giving the aid. One of them like in our religious community to take an example, there. There's a time a few years back where a guy came to me, I bought some art from him. He's an artist, and really does good work. He came to me and he said, My family doesn't have enough money to make the rent this month. Can you offer me in advance on art that you'll buy somewhere down the road? And of course, make sure so I sent him a track. And he understood that five years later, he came back to me and he said, you know, you still haven't bought that piece of art. I owe you a piece of art, because he knew who gave him the money. Right? Right. And so he was willing to understand that that was an act of charity. And he wanted to make sure that that that was paid back. You see this in Cinderella Man, right with Russell Crowe. That moment where he makes money, he walks back into the welfare office and he rolls out a wad. Yeah, like that. That feeling that the government is interested giant cash machine that exists, you pay your money, but that that money actually comes from somewhere, either it's coming from the future because we're gonna have to pay back the debt or it's coming from somebody's tax money, and that we all owe something to each other. And by the same token, the what I owe to my neighbors is that if they're in trouble, then it is my obligation as a good person to try and help them out on a personal level. Yeah. right and the charity in religious communities is extremely high. That's that's the social fabric that I'm talking about. Yeah, without without that sort of dutiful sense to one another, you can't have rights. Because if you just have right then and no duties, then there will be no one to take care of each other. It's why, while I'm libertarian when it comes to government, I'm very conservative when it comes to the need to build a social fabric and communities and, and have people with working families and communities of working families. Yeah, I

really think that that's one of the best things that comes out of religion is when you have a tight knit community like yours. And you do have that sense of charity, where you really are a community of people that care for each other and look out for each other. The problem is, of course, doing that large scale. And then the problem is doing it in some sort of a non denominational way where people don't have to have the exact same beliefs, but they still share these core values of community and taking care of each other. And that's what people really benefit from when they've done studies with people when they show happiness. And what is happiness correlated with, it's almost always correlated with friends and loved ones and family, right? It's the most important thing can have.

And when it comes to diversity, you know, there's this slogan that diversity is our strength. Well, there's Robert Putnam is a sociologist over at Harvard, he wrote an entire book about the social fabric called Bowling Alone, he was kind of the pioneer in the idea of social capital. And what he said is that he went in with it to writing this book with the idea that diversity is our strength. And then he did some research. And what he found is that ethnic diversity only correlates with two things. These are his words, increase TV watching, and increased protest marches. That's all it unless, unless it is within the boundaries of a common goal. So if you walk into a church, very diverse, ethnically, everybody's got the same general goal, which is we're worshipping God in one particular way. And we believe in a certain core set of values. And now diversity, great your experiences come to bear, you're all aiming in the same direction, he gives the example of the Army, you see bunch of people who go in diverse group of people, diverse races, different backgrounds. And when you talk to those guys, while they're serving, or after they leave, they don't give a crap about the diverse backgrounds of the people they were serving with, they're all aiming their guns in the same direction. Well, in the United States, we have to be aiming our guns in the same direction, or we can't really have a functioning social fabric at all. And I'm perfectly willing to give charity to people who I don't know, who still believe, like I do that America is a fantastic country rooted in immutably good principles. But that starts to break down when I'm being asked to give charity just on a personal level, to somebody who believes that America is fundamentally evil, and needs to be torn out at its roots and replaced with something better, right? Because now we're not aiming in the same direction. So on a human level, I care about you, but on a bet on a social level, if I have a choice between somebody who basically agrees with me about fundamental values, and somebody who is diametrically opposed, I'm gonna give my money to the person who basically agrees with me on those fundamental values. And again, I don't think those fundamental values have to be religious, I don't think you have to be a god believer to receive charity from me, or I don't think I should have to be an atheist receive charity from you. But I do think that you do have to take into consideration a few things. And now we're on the same page, personal responsibility, the idea that you do live in a free country, just historically, and relatively speaking, this is a free country, which means decision making is on you. So man up a little bit, that that the decisions that you make, we should all have sympathy for people who have had worse lives and worse experiences. But in the end, if you're capable, if you're not fundamentally disabled in some way, that you need to make a plan for your own life, and then you need to do that. Like, are you more willing to give charity to somebody who has a plan for how to get themselves out of the hole? Of course, of course, yeah, that but that relies on that person feeling an obligation to do that.

But I also think that what you're talking about with, with charity within the community is so much more, there's so much more connection than charity from the government when you're talking about welfare. The problem is that there's this dissolving of responsibility, because it's just a check that comes in that you feel like, well, this is a rich country. I'm owed this anyway. Right. Then, you know, when I was a kid, we were on welfare, and we used food stamps. And I remember being very ashamed of it, and feeling really weird that we were that poor, that we needed help from the government. But my parents worked their way out of it. They were young, they had a kid.

My guess is, my guess is that the the social stigma probably has something to do with that, meaning that I'm sure they didn't want to be on welfare and they don't want to be on food stamps. Contrast your story with Adam Carolla is right, Adam talks all the time about how his parents were also on food stamps and welfare, and they just didn't give a shit. They were just and he always resented that he thought that was bad. Yeah. He said, like, you could work, why aren't you? And that gave him the impetus to get up and do what Adam has done. So you know, that, that kind of it's not pick yourself up by the bootstraps, because helping hands are good. But it is. If I if I were capable of picking myself up by my bootstraps, would I do so? Yeah. And if the answer is yes, then we're all on the same team. Well, there's

a real problem too, and that some people just get horrible hand dealt to at birth there with parents that really are doing a terrible job raising them. They're fucking them up every step of the way. A year round a bunch of people that are criminals, everybody's fucking up. There's no examples of anybody that's doing well. I mean, it's one of the unique things about the internet today is that a kid that's in that environment can get a hold of maybe something that you've said or something that, you know, someone else has said and start reading books and start taking in information that gives them a different perspective and fuel that perspective with more motivational stuff and more information in education. And sometimes kids, just like you were saying with Adam Carolla, they grew up with these parents that are just not ambitious, but also they become very ambitious, and they work very hard to not be like them. I mean, sometimes it's good to see that example. But most of the time, it's, it's just fucking hard for them to reprogram their head. Well,

for sure, it's hard to do that. And it's also hard. I really think that there's there's a lot of focus in the country right now on raising awareness, which is fine, you know, raise it raising awareness of our history and all the bad things that we've done. Yeah. Good. I mean, people people should know about all the good things and all the bad things, right. It's its history, its history. But this this incessant focus on the idea that people's lives are getting better by suggesting that they're perennial victims in the United States, I just don't, I don't understand how that's a good thing. Yeah. Like, as, as a historically, a member of a historically persecuted group, if I had grown up, and my parents had said to me, no matter what you do, you will be put under the thumb of the dominant society. That's a pretty horrible message to tell to a kid. And I think that's true for politicians, again, on both sides of the aisle, I think he got it from from President Trump, when it comes to some rural areas where it's like, well, it's the Mexicans and the Chinese coming in to steal your jobs, and you're under the thumb of people who are trying to destroy you. And on the other side of the aisle, people who say, Well, you're in the inner city, and therefore the cops are racist against you and want to destroy you, and everybody's out to get you. And it's like, Well, how about this, how about like, again, the single best thing you can do for yourself is make basic decisions that are entirely within your control. Unless you are unless you are raped, God forbid, single motherhood is a choice that you get to make about your life. This is a choice you get to make about your life finishing high school, unless you are legitimately disabled in some way. I mean, especially in LAUSD, where you basically have to be able to read a third grade level to finish high school, you know, just just like these are, these are decisions, personal decision making, if you want, I've never seen somebody's life get better, by complaining about reality. I've seen a lot of people's lives get better by acknowledging that reality is what it is, and then making personal decisions to make their lives better. And that's considered non compassionate. But it seems to me that the essence of compassion, sometimes is saying, at least make the baseline. If you make the baseline decisions, and then you fail, we can talk about what happened. I

don't think it's non compassionate. I think it's pragmatic. And I think you're right. But I also think that there's some people that are there in situations that require something external to assist them, their, their, the way their life has been set up. And this is what I think when people think about compassion, and people pulling themselves up by their bootstraps, if you have a real if you really have an honest and accurate assessment of extreme poverty and terrible neighborhoods, it's not as simple as do something good to better your life. Part of it is you got to fucking stay alive. Right? If you're surrounded by people who either have committed crimes or will commit crimes, you mean, one out of every four people you run into might be a criminal, in the worst neighborhood in the country.

For sure, and but I think we have to this is where we recognize what government is good at government is good at two things, cutting the other people cutting checks from other people's money, they're great at it. And they'll see they're right on top of his parking tickets, by the way to make sure that they get in there. They're amazing edits of seizing your money and paying money. They're very good at and, and pointing a gun at people, right? These are the two things that government was built to do was was collect taxes and pay out money, and then point guns at people, right? This is what government does. So which of those two things would you apply in a situation where there's just a complete lack of social capital? Because cutting a check isn't going to do it alone? Where does that check, go to the parents who are not doing not able to protect their kids? It's one thing if you're enabling the parents to move out of that community or something, right. But that's why I say you have to attach, if you're going to do the government welfare thing, you got to attach it to a plan. It can't just be here's a check. Enjoy your life. Because

what is the plan? I don't think most terrible communities you live in an apartment complex. So

I mean, here's the reality. I think that the plan very often when it comes to a crime ridden area, is the other side of what the government does, which is you need more cops in that area. I think that the great lie that these communities that are crime ridden, I'm talking about white Appalachia, and I'm talking about yes, a black inner cities, these these communities do not need fewer cops, they need more cops, because the precondition to investment in those communities and increased tax dollars in those communities and increased social capital in those communities is people not getting shot every five seconds. Yeah, I mean, that's that's the worst thing that can happen to law abiding minorities is for the cops to abandon areas where crime is high. It just doesn't make any sense. And that's not just me saying Jane Levy's Reporter The LA Times very much on the left has said the same thing law abiding people will like crime rates to go down like conditions have to change in a community for conditions to change in the community.

Did you ever see the Wild West? The whites wild and wonderful whites of West Virginia? No, it was a it was a Johnny Knoxville, did he produce that documentary? I think he did, right? Dude, it's about this family that lives in West Virginia, that is just a bunch of psychotic criminals, these crazy white people, the kids drinking Mountain Dew, and doing backflips on the bed and they're all on pills. It's bananas. And it gives you this insight like if you are in this community, if you are in this family, and this is obviously very extreme family, but there's many more of them out there that have not been documented. If you are in that community. Good. fucking luck getting out. Right? Good luck, the money that you get other than welfares from selling pills, you know, everybody's on these pills. So you're all whacked out, you don't know what the fuck is going on half the day you're on opiates. I mean, it is a bananas environment. And there's a lot of people like that in this country for sure in in poor Latino communities and poor white communities and poor black communities. The idea that these people are just going to pull themselves up by their bootstraps is crazy. I just think they don't have a plan. And I think if we really want to help them, that there's got to be some way where you can give these people the opportunity to step out of that pattern. Whatever their shirt, community centers, outreach programs, whatever it is, I don't know what to do.

I mean, the truth is, the truth is that historically speaking, it was people actually going to church. Yeah, I mean, and they're made, there's a good lot of good.

Church going person, right, absolutely recognize that there's a lot of good involved and having that framework, right.

And that I'm not sure that that's, I don't think you can create sort of a fake social fabric with just a government welfare system. Like it just it hasn't worked. I mean, disability exists, or it's been increasing every year. It's not this question I asked Andrew Yang, actually, so our episode comes out on Sunday. And obviously, Andrew is a big fan of UBI, universal basic income. And I'm not averse to the idea of UBI. In a future where legitimately 50% of the population can't work, because they've all been automated out of existence and all of this. But there's one section in his book where Andrew talks about how if we cut people a check for UBI, then they will spend their extra time creating art, and engaging in hobbies that they like. And I just thought to myself, I mean, I said it to him, like people are on disability, I don't what they're doing, right. And if you're on disability, the people you're talking about who are suffering, they're not out there writing poetry, or I mean, the rise of the opioid epidemic, and people who are od being on drugs and all this stuff. That's in precisely the same demographic you're talking about. You're just talking about a check from one place as opposed to another place. I don't I don't really see how that solves the problem. I think we have a crisis of purpose. Yes, right now, and I don't think that that crisis of purpose is solvable, on the one hand by changing our trade rules, and I also don't think that that crisis of purpose is solvable by cutting a government check. I just don't think that that's how people are wired.

I absolutely agree with you that there is a crisis of purpose. My concern is about automation. And my concern, and obviously, I haven't really studied this other than talking to Andrew Yang. And talking to Elon Musk and a few other people that are proponents of universal basic income, they think that there's going to be such a massive loss of jobs in such a short period of time, from people that are non skilled laborers, and it's going to go away, there's millions and millions of jobs, and these people are not going to have anything and that it could be chaos.

Right? So there's there's two problems that come up there. And this is where Andrews book is interesting, because problem number one is that the people will be poor, they won't have a source of income. Ubi solves that.

The other pro murderer, but doesn't even that gives them $1,000 A month, if you did, right.

I mean, even even if you just had a Swedish redistribution system, and the average tax rate went up to 60% or something, it might, let's say we could solve the money problem for a second, which, you know, without tanking the economy, which is questionable, but let's say we could do that we could add trillions of dollars to the budget every year. And we could tell that I'm still not sure that that solves the deeper problem, which is that when people lose jobs, they lose purpose. Yeah, right. So I'm not sure that UBI solves that problem. Does that say we have we have a rich social welfare network in the United States, and we're seeing this stuff happen? Anyway, you know, I'm a little bit I'm a little bit less catastrophic. By a little bit, I mean, a fair bit less catastrophic in my thinking about automation than then either Andrew Yang or Elon Musk think that

people will be able to adapt quick enough to avoid the problems, they'll realize that jobs aren't there anymore, and they'll just naturally gravitate towards other professions.

I think over time that people will do that, but they're not always the same people where there's always shift in the economy and the ideal economic model has a trucker becoming a coder right? But that's that's not really that was

the whole learn to code fiasco. People kicked off of Twitter, right

it still Yeah, apparently if you say to journalists, then that's that's very bad. If you go to a truck. Yeah, that's what it was. Learn to code to a trucker. If you say learn to code with trucker, then that's just you being helpful, right? If you say learn to code to a journalist, then that is targeted harassment on Twitter. That's when someone says to me, well, Twitter doesn't care about you. I can say whatever. But it's but yeah, I mean, I

think that but if you just say to a friend Hey fuckface learn to code that

I don't know is to report you to the sensor showered over it but

it's such a dumb thing to take people out for it's one of the best examples of like how censorship still overstepped its boundaries and becomes almost like satire. Yeah, it's real it's really really desert like this is the biggest digression ever learn to code learn to code like if that's something like this is a stupid thing that someone said about coal miners they really said that about coal miners that maybe they can learn to code and so everybody there was fun So learn to code became a joke and became something that you would mark people right there is their explanation for it was so crazy it was like no then learn to code got connected with white supremacist

that's that's that's the Hitler on the dogs. Like dogs are bad Hitler Odin one, okay, white supremacist are bad they use the phrase learn to code that means if you say learn to code your white supremacist like what?

You lost the frog, that fucking frog that feels good man frog. That's what happened to Pepe.

They killed the frog. They turn the frickin frog game in what Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, as far as automation, you know, there's constantly people saying this is the the Nicholas and the seem to leave view of reality, which is that the black swan incident can happen any any second. So watch out for it, versus the sort of Steven Pinker view of reality, which is, The Black Swan incident is called The Black Swan incident, because it's a black swan incident, meaning that it happens incredibly rarely, you know, the idea that we are on the verge of a catastrophic drop in job numbers, because of the automation of trucking, for example, I'm not sure that I buy it. The reason I don't buy it is because you still are gonna need someone sitting behind the wheel of that truck. There are human drivers on the road, it's gonna there will be a gradual transition away from some of these jobs, with the Andrew Yang talks about radiologists and how radiologists are going to be priced out of the market by computers that can do a better job of diagnosing tumors, first of all, awesome, right. I mean, that's, that's good. First of all, that brings down cost and you won't get cancer as advanced, that'd be, that'd be a good thing. But second of all, what what a lot of technology studies have tended to show is that technology just gets integrated in a different way in particular career. So there will be jobs that are eliminated for sure. There'll be jobs we haven't heard of that will be created also. And mostly technology will will become more of a productivity aid to people. So this is true in factories, jobs have been lost in factories, the best example of where jobs are lost, but it's mostly turned offices, right? How many office jobs have been created? Because you have computers? What's your office jobs exist? Because I write by hand,

do you think that this is akin to like a government bailout? Like the idea of the government bailout was like, the banks are too big to fail. And some people thought, You know what, you got to let them fail. So you figure out why they failed, and we'll never have it happen again. If there is this thing, and the government steps in and says, Wait a minute, I know you lost all your jobs, we're gonna give you $1,000 You have to figure it out. $1,000 a month, and some people go okay, I'm not gonna figure it out now. Whereas those people might have gone on a fear filled journey to try to figure out their purpose in life, because now they're stuck where their job doesn't exist anymore. So they put their honor,

I mean, they have to act there is there is innovation that comes from from a welfare check. I mean, there are people who become dependent on government than there used to be dependent on government that that stuff is true, it does happen. And listen, Milton Friedman made an argument for universal basic income as a replacement for the welfare system. There is another problem with universal basic income that I asked Andrew about also, and that was one of the one of the big issues is that poor people very often people who are permanently impoverished, not people who are temporarily poor, but they tend not to spend money where we think they ought to spend money, right? They're not taking that money, and they're not putting it into education, or into the hose and cigarettes, right? I mean, the average the average person who is making less than I think it was $16,000, you're spending $400 here on lottery tickets, right? And it's legitimately just flushing your money down the toilet. So it's so how do you aren't you just going to end up back in the same place, you know, in six months, where people took that money and used it in ways that actually didn't benefit them? And at a certain point, the question is, Are you do you own your decisions? Or do not own your decisions? And what level of incompetence or inability? Do we say you no longer own your decisions? And so we're just going to take care of you on a permanent basis. That's that's really the question here.

I think we're looking at when you're talking about welfare, we're looking at worst case scenario, right? Where someone does get dependent upon the welfare state, and does use that money frivolously and does make poor decisions. But then there's gotta be other people that are single moms that you know, maybe had a kid but some fucking asshole that doesn't want to pay and is a piece of shit. And they have to hide from them. And they're just trying to feed their kids. Yeah, for sure. Those people exist to have a community to to help them out. Maybe they're not a part of a church, and maybe they don't have a good group of neighbors. Maybe they had to move somewhere for work, and they got stuck in some place where they don't know anybody.

But I think part of this is to recognize that incentives matter on both ends. So the idea is that you give some people more money and they'll they'll do well While it's also true that if you create a welfare system that benefits single motherhood, you will get more single motherhood. I mean, the single motherhood rate in the black community before welfare was 20%. Now 70% in the white community was like 5% and that's 40% You've

said that like, out of wedlock children and having a kid when you're young is like, it's a terrible idea for your life. But what do you recommend to have kids avoid that? Are you one of those people that think

without that thing on it?

No condom since resigned Right?

Like don't don't have don't don't have unprotected sex. I mean, like this. This is not it's pardon my, my fake cursing. It's not effing rocket science. I mean, like, apologizing for not apologizing for not cursing? Yeah, it's, it's not rocket science. It's wonderful. Kids

make mistakes. And I mean, that's what happens. But,

and then if the government pays for those mistakes, it becomes less.

So what should what should happen? Should the kids suffer? So? Who

knows? I mean, presumption, it'd

be I mean, actually be worked out.

I mean, it depends on the situation. You know, if there are parents available to the kid, presumably the parents, the grandparents would take a pretty active role in the raising the kid also. There there. Well, how about this? How about we assume that if you are old enough to get pregnant, then you're old enough to let's let's talk about a 17 year old or 18 year old used to be shotgun marriages Worthing and and really like that's a good idea. I think the idea of parents staying together for the sake of a kid that they accidentally born is absolutely a good idea. Yes. I think that I think that is a better idea than the man walking away and the kid being without a man in the house. So

you're saying that a lot of people figure a way to work it out? Yes. And if they're both reasonable, they could do that.

Yeah. And I think that that, by the way, a huge percentage of American births in the 40s and 50s. Were exactly this are a lot of seven month babies in the 40s and 50s. Yeah, like something like 30 to 40% of all kids born in the 30s and 40s and 50s. Were seven month babies, where somebody got knocked up. The expectation was nagging. Like you did that you did the crime at the time, right if

you did this drug puts people in relationship prison, good. Then

don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't don't find somebody find find somebody have a secretary you find somebody to have sex with who you actually think is worthy of a relationship. Right now we're online pornography is available to you like figure it out. You're okay with that? On a moral level? Yeah. No, but if I'm going to if I'm going to compare that to having a baby out of wedlock, and yeah,

this is what I think about pornography. They could stop now. And we're good forever. But yeah.

There's no There's no supply and demand problem in your life it

like you're like making it. You guys are a bunch of freaks. I mean, there's no, it's like a business. It's almost like you have access houses that stack up to the moon. Like, there's no way everyone's gonna live in all those houses. Why do you keep making house? There's no way one person has ever jerked off to every video that ever existed. It doesn't it's not possible. And it's also like other forms of media where they just stack up. I never really thought of that until

I get the backlog of internet pornography or like, a month behind now. Just think about

music, right? There's all the music that existed before in the 50s, and the 60s and the 70s and the 80s. And there's new shit every goddamn day. It never ends. It's just overwhelming library of stuff that we have to it

would be good if that music changed from time to time, the same song recorded seven different ways.

You know it? What should you listen to?

What do you think I listened to today? Listen to classic jazz and classical. Of course, yes,

we just so interesting.

I was I was a concert level violinist until I was until I was like, 17. Do

you still practice? Yeah,

I mean, that the only expensive object that I own other than my house is a violin. Oh, really? Yeah.

Is it a Stradivarius?

It is not it is it is a up? It's not? That's all I know. Yeah. That's yeah, the two that people may know or strat and like a coronary. But those those ones are like hundreds of $1,000. This isn't a 10s of 1000s of dollars. Stratovarius is hundreds of 1000s. of guy who we knew my family to hit a million dollar Stratovarius. Now it was so big about it was the big deal. Well, I mean, aside from the historic value of the thing, they're not making any more of them. It does play very differently, very differently. Like I had a crappy violin for most of my like, really, until the last two years, I had a violin that was handed down to my grandfather that was worth maybe 1300 bucks. And it was a piece of crap. I mean, it was not a good violin. If you're good enough, then you can tell the difference between a really great violin to play, and one that is a piece of garbage. And I was good enough to do that. So that's yeah, I mean, I was I was a classical guy. I played. I played violin for years and my dad was a grown up. My dad was a pianist, looking at

what Jamie just pulled up. The most expensive violin in the world sold for an estimated $16 million

for a Stradivarius, they never lose value. I mean, really, they don't. This is this is a good investment. The person I know a guy who was offered a he was offered a Strad. I think it was two $150,000 Maybe 10 years ago, and he's like, No, that is worth like $3 million? No,

what is the deal? Like? What if you had to explain what's the difference between the sound that this makes so

I mean, it has to do with the acoustics of the instrument and the wood quality. There's there's slight variations in the construction of the instrument is certain parts of it are thicker or thinner. And it is also it's easier to play a better violin. So it almost covers for your mistakes. When you play a bad violin. It tends to scratch and screech more. It's why when you get in the upper register with the violin, you had very high notes that can either be very scratchy or can be very beautiful. Some of that a lot of most of that's the player, some of that's the violin like Yasha Heifetz. He's widely considered the greatest violinist to ever live. He had a Strad.

Lady blunt Stradivarius cost $15.9 million,

buy these and then they lend them out on loan to you know, world's great violinist, so, but there's a button. In the end, it really is the quality of the player. There's a famous Yasha Heifetz story where he was playing at Carnegie Hall, and some lady came up to him afterward and she said, you know your violin and just it sounds so beautiful. And he picks up the violin puts it to his ear, and he says, Tony, I don't hear right now.

So do you listen to any other kind of music? Yeah, I

mean, I like I like some classic rock.

Do ya Mincy rock now? Yeah.

I went to a Doobie Brothers concert with my parents. No, you did. Yeah. Really? Yeah.

That's a band that was made named after a joint.

That is true. That's accurate. I know.

Did you feel like oh, like a senator. I was I was a rebel that day has really

gone to the Doobie Brothers concert with the other boomers.

So the other thing is same sex marriage. So the other thing that I think that we disagree with? Well, I we agree with the marriage thing. Right. Government should be involved. I think where people should be protected is through assets. And, you know, the contract? Yes. Yeah. I think that that all makes sense to me, that all that stuff, in terms of like alimony and child support, and all those things make sense to me. And that then the idea that the community reinforces it, which would then become the government reinforce and all that stuff that all makes sense to me, I understand it. But why do you care if two gay guys want to get married?

So from a religious point of view? Sure, let's

go from religious so.

So I mean, why would a secular point of view first so the the idea is not that I care deeply whether two gay guys want to get married to each other? The idea is that, do I prefer traditional marriage to say to same sex marriage to it? Well, let

me let me phrase it this way. What do you think a gay guy is? Do you think someone's they're making a choice? Or do you think that this is how they were born? So

the religious point of view on this, and I think this is actually just a general conservative point of view, and human action generally, is, I don't know, meaning that for the vast majority of people, I would assume that they have a biological drive to engage in that behavior. But the traditional sort of will point of view is that biological drive does not necessarily match up to the activity you want to engage in, right men, for example, have a biological drive to impregnate many women. That's not something religion is cool with, either. Right? So the the idea is that religion

is cool with a man being with one woman and impregnating her, but you're not cool with a man being with a man. So

I can give you the religious explanation, I can give you the secular explanation. So they said, the religious explanation is that there is something different about a woman than there is about a man and a man is made better through his union with a woman. And that if you pervert the sex drive to pursue mere pleasure, instead of a lasting relationship upon which the basis of society is built, then you are foregoing the proper use of your sex drive, right?

Because if you wanted to step in and argue against that, you would say that just because someone can't get pregnant doesn't mean that they don't have a loving relationship that contributes to society.

That's true, but it is also foregoing the more productive relationship of being able to bear and her children and also and also recognizing that the sexes are not different, right, and recognizing also the sexes are not the same. So, you know, being with a man is, in a relationship different than being with a woman, I would assume. I mean, I assume that's why gay guys are gay, then I assume that they would be fine with being with a woman. Right? So that's so that relationship from a from a religious perspective, is more valuable, because women have different qualities than men, you round off each other's harsh edges, it changes you. I mean, you're married, being married changes a man in a different way that being married to a member of the same sex would,

right, but I don't want people to have to do it. But if you're not forcing anybody, right, but I want them to have the option if you're a gay person. And we say, No, I mean, of course,

because legally, we agree, right? Yeah. illegal. And I keep making this distinction. Because yes, whenever I talk about my moral perspective on things, then people immediately assume that I'm a theocratic fascist, or just want to keep underscoring, like my personal views on Dave Reubens marriage are of no consequence to public policy in any way whatsoever. Right.

But I agree with you on And I don't think it should be a part of public policy. And I think people should absolutely be allowed to marry and divorce and do whatever the fuck they want to do no matter who it is. But why do you care? Like, as a person who's a rational thinker, it's pretty clear that people are gay. And I don't really think that this is a decision they make in terms in terms of like, I'm gonna make a clear choice to defy God and be gay. I think they're just, well,

again, I think that's a confusion because everyone, it's a conflation of identity and drive with activity, which is something that religion fundamentally reject. Okay, right. So religion fundamentally rejects the idea that you are driven to do something, therefore it is your identity, therefore, you get to participate in the behavior. That's it, that's a chain of thinking that religious religion

if a man is gay, in your religion, yes, a man is gay, and they're in love with another man, they should just squash those thoughts and find a woman. Well,

ideally, they would be honest with the woman they married to. They're not like boasting, but I would want ideally, ideally, you would still get married and have children in heterosexual relationship. If you're not up to that, then you wouldn't get married at all, to

when you describe this to a gay man, they will tell you imagine Ben Shapiro, someone said to you, you should stop being with your beautiful wife, and you need to now marry a man, because this is what God wants you to do. So you're gonna have to stop this man. And he's going to stop you. And because this is how the rules are set up.

So far, this sounds pretty terrible shirt.

Right? Well, this is how it sounds to gay folks, when you're telling them they have to find a woman and like, I

like one. I'm not saying you have to find a woman. I'm saying this guy. Well, I'm saying you can't do X, right? I'm not saying we must

but can't but by whose determination if you decide to participate in

this religion, right? Then there is a buy in to the precepts of the religion and the buy in is to be gay? Well, no, the buy in is that you can have whatever sexual orientation you please but there's certain activity you can't participate

in. So you can be gay, but you can have gay sex. Correct.

That's that, by the way. That's what the Bible I mean, if you want to go direct to the textbook Bible, it's what the Bible actually says. Right? I mean, even the parts of the Bible that people really hate. Those parts say that a man shall not live with a man it doesn't say a man can't be attracted to another man. That's Old Testament, right? That's right. That's our stuff, right? New Testament, that it gets a little harsher in the New Testament, in some places, Romans, Korea, but in any case, you know, again, when it comes to this is what I'm puzzled by is the idea that this is a unique area of human behavior, that religion is supposed to treat differently, meaning religion treats. Virtually every human activity like this sin is a failure to abide by a covenant, right? That's what that's the definition of sin, right? When you commit a sin in Judaism and Avira in Judaism, what you're doing is failing to do a mitzvah, which is a commandment, you're violating a commandment? Well, there are lots of commandments that go directly against what people are driven to do. Just because the drive is stronger does not make it morally, more morally non culpable to violate that commandment. So when people pick this one out, and they say, Well, this one is particularly intolerant, for example, I don't see why it's more particularly intolerant than saying to a man that you have to marry one woman, or saying to a Jew, that you are not allowed to eat this stuff. Or, like, it's, it may be harder than I think there's any question, it's harder to abide by those commandments. But it is well within religious tradition, like literally every religious tradition, that there's a bunch of stuff you're driven to do that you can't now, again, you don't have to agree with my program, that I'm not trying to convert you. There's one of nice things about my religion, I don't give a crap whether people are Jewish or not, like, we we actively discourage converts. But if you're going to proclaim that you are, you know, abiding by traditional Judaism, this is the buy in, right there's lots of buy in you have to wear a funny hat. Sometimes you have to you have to go to show on Saturdays, you have to keep Shabbat like there's, there's a lot of buy in. And as long as I'm not bothering anybody else, I frankly don't see what business it is, legitimately anybody's what I think about personal relationships. I'm not imposing my view on anybody else. Well,

I do acknowledge that all the religions, Judaism probably makes it the most obvious they don't give a fuck what you do. Go ahead, do your thing. Like they're not trying to, you're doing your business, my uncle converted. And when he could very, it was a grind man, he had to learn a lot of shit

like three years with Ryan long. It's a long time. So that was the religious perspective and the secular perspective, when it comes to valuing traditional marriage over over same sex marriage. That's a very simple calculation, which is one type of marriage produces traditional children produces children in the traditional biological way. And then you have both parents in the house to take care of the kid. Right? That's the value of marriage. And I fully acknowledged that when the value of marriage shifted from it's about production and rearing of children to its to people who love each other, the case for same sex marriage against same sex marriage went completely out the window, right?

So you are just sticking to your rigid ideology in terms of like what you believe to be a sin and not believe to be a sin based on your religion based on this very strict moral fiber that this religion is operating in

a religious context. It applies to me it applies to my family, it doesn't apply to you, right

so any room for growth in that when people have a better understanding about biology, like if it was proven if there's proven like, Oh, this is why a person develops blue eyes. This is why a person is gay. This is why there's nothing wrong with it. It's just a very, it's red hair. It's freckles. It's gay. It straight

told me that homosexual orientation is 100% biologically driven. And I will almost completely agree with that. I think that there are some cases where it's not but those are rare, but it's particularly true. By the way, the research tends to show that there's more sexual fluidity among females than males males, it tends to be either heterosexual or homosexual research

is all done by dudes want their wife to hook up with chicks? Keep going.

Don't don't let me stop you. But let me just show you the paperwork. But But again, that it's a question that I've always found actually not particularly interesting simply because it doesn't take into account the worldview generally, which is that a biological drive does not equal excuse for behaving in a certain way. But

this that's where it brings me back to this like, is it possible that these laws in this religion were written when they're What do you think wrote the stuff? Do you think people wrote this stuff? Or do you think God wrote

I think either way, even if it were it, I mean, because I am a an Orthodox Jew, I believe that at the very least, it's God inspired and God written, right. But even if I believed on a second level that human beings wrote that stuff, do I think that people 3000 years ago had never seen a gay person before? Like, the very reason to have a commandment is because certain people in your community are behaving in a particular way, presumably, right. There's no commandment not to take your head and shove it into meat grinder. Well, this

is also the argument against pork, it's because they didn't understand trick and Gnosis then understand you have to cook the meat 245 degrees and pork parasites, which are very dangerous for people.

So I'm not a huge fan of naturalistic explanations for religion. Do I think that's a good one, though,

for pork?

I mean, I don't know. Like, I think you could make an argument maybe that

just died in India. And there was horrific X rays of his head. He had parasites from pork that had gotten into his body, and they had nested in his brain started developing all these cysts inside of his head. And they couldn't do anything about it, because it was so deep in his head that if they gave him the antiviral, antiparasitic medication, it would cause swelling of the brain. And they were like it was it was so sad feeling.

Tell the story. It's actually pig

shit. Apparently, people accidentally coming in contact with pig shit produces this particular type of parasite. Yeah, that's not kosher. It's more rare. But But trichinosis was pretty common. But again, the

their attempts to sort of pink back into the Bible, certain rationalistic explanations like this makes sense, though.

I think, why else would you would it be bad eat pigs? Like Jesus loves pigs? So what's going on?

Well, I think that the the reversal of the kosher laws in the New Testament, you know, from from a Jewish point of view, where we don't believe in the divinity of Christ. There you can make an argument that the the Gospels which were written he was a significant and significant No, no, we don't even believe he's a prophet. What do you think he was? What do you what do I think he was historically, I think he was a Jew who tried to lead a revolt against the Romans and got killed for his trouble, just like a lot of other Jews at that time, who were crucified for trying to lead revolt against the Roman a guy killed for their trouble.

So he became legend in story. And it became a bigger and bigger deal as time went

on a group of followers and then that gradually grew and then do you think there was? No, that's not that's not a Jewish belief? Okay. Just one shot. Yeah, no, or we're not into stories? No, that's not have any miracles? No, not not, not by Jesus. They're they're ones in the Old Testament. Yeah, you've gotten Moses splitting the sea and all that. What do you think happened there? What do I think happened there? Yeah. Well, I'll go with my mind at the end explanation that there was, I mean, it says in the Bible, there was a strong east wind. So there was a naturalistic explanation for a physical phenomenon. That makes sense. I mean, that's what my mind needs is constantly trying to do is read nature back into the Bible.

Yeah, that is the problem with these texts, right, is that you're trying to decipher translations from original texts, which are written in ancient Hebrew 1000s of years ago, and we're told an oral tradition for longer than that, right.

And this is this is where my my book, which I always hesitate to pitch my own stuff, because it sounds gauche pitch away. But the new book, The right side of history, number one New York Times bestselling nonfiction, but

when you got number one, the New York Times best selling really,

yeah, we sold enough that we knocked Michelle Obama out of the lab for a week. So is there protests? Well, no protests yet. But suffice to say the New York Times book reviewer didn't like it, but I'm not super shocked by that. But the basic contention that I make is that Judeo Christian values on the one hand, and then human reason on the other Greek reason, really, that that tradition is a tension and that that tension is where Western civilization lives that basically civilization is a suspension bridge. It takes certain fundamental precepts of Judeo Christian values on the one hand, and then takes Greek reason and they're pulling against each other, and sometimes reason feels like it's going to dominate religion. And sometimes it feels like religion is going to dominate reason. But in the best of all available worlds, you have a bridge that is that is capable of building upon that where you can actually have a functional civilization. And if you lose reason, in the name of theocracy, then you end up with a tyrannical theocracy. And if you lose, if you lose religion, in the name of reason, you end up in some pretty dark places, because human beings don't have a very good track record of creating their own purpose, creating their own meaning, creating their own systems, we tend to get very utopian very quickly, right, and things get really ugly, which is sort of the story of the particularly the first half of the 20th century.

So this is the benefit of sticking to the rigid ideology that's prescribed by religion is that you don't allow the human beings to keep updating it and changing it, because if you do, they will eventually slide into chaos.

Well, that yes, but there's there, which is not to say there's not playing the joints, right? Well, there's certainly religion has morphed over time of corporatism as it was practiced, originally, probably, in many ways does not resemble Judaism as practice now, right? In fact, the Talmud even says this, I mean, there's there's this kind of fascinating and counterintuitive section of the Talmud, where Moses is, it's what is called the God of Tao, which some of the stories that are just kind of put into the, into the middle of the Talmud, where Moses comes back, and he's watching from on high as a bunch of rabbis in second century Palestine, are talking about Judaism. And he's like, I don't recognize any of this stuff. Like I brought down these books from the mountain, and I do not recognize any of this stuff. And, and God says to him, you know, God says to him, right, I mean, this is how this is more often Moses is pleased. In other words, he's, he's not, Judaism has always had a common law tradition, where you're using reason to try and develop the ideas behind the commandments, and then try and extend them or broaden them. And I think that's a good thing. But you have to be careful not to completely undermine fundamental roots, or, or get rid of basic precepts. In other words, you have to you have to acknowledge there certain fundamental truths that exist there. And then there's play as far as how those are implemented. Does

Judaism have one of those? pray the gay away traditions?

No, that's not that's not a thing.

I mean, it's what do they want guys to do? Like what say, what would you do? If not,

not as not to sin, but again, sin is a sin is a thing that everybody does, meaning that masturbation is not is not okay. According to Judaism, I assume that a vast majority of young Jewish men, even the Orthodox are masturbating. So people sin. I mean, that's, that's a recognition. It's always again, I think I can speak on behalf of I will audaciously speak on behalf of both Jews and Christians here. I think that religious people are are told that when they say that something is a sin, this means that they are looking askance at the people who are committing the sin. And that is not correct. I mean, what Judaism and Christianity say is that we are all committing sins on a fairly regular basis. Where we get uptight is when people start saying, because I have a desire for the sin, the sin is no longer a sin. Hmm.

Yeah, the real problem is like, what why is it a sin? Like who says it's a sin? So again, again, this these rules you were assuming, are influenced by God. Right? But clearly written by people?

Well, the this one you would say if you're a fundamentalist, or at least somebody who believes in the the idea that the Torah was given by God was given literally by God. But again, that doesn't. The the logic behind the rules, which, you know, people like my monitors have tried to explicate. The idea is, as I said, a second, this you can do without God, right, this person without God, the human sex drive was made to procreate within a stable relationship, in order to pre generate and have future generations of people misuse of that sex drive in any way, whether you're talking about from masturbation to homosexual activity, is therefore a diminishment of the use of that drive. That's the natural law case against against homosexual activity. And again, I will reiterate for Media Matters for the 1 million time I'm not in favor of any of this being encoded into American law, because freedom is freedom. People should be able to send how they choose, so long as they're not harming anybody else. Right?

No, but what about people that have had vasectomies? And what about women that also Judaism

is not cool with? discectomy is not cool with it, and neither is Catholicism from what I understand. Right? Right. Yeah. Well,

I'm not a big fan of that one. That one I have more experience with. But so if What if a man is sterile and the woman sterile? Are they allowed to have sex? That's it both know? So

yes, because there are ancillary benefits to married couples having sex like relationship building, but that's not a generalized case, against the favored view of sex. Right fit that's it's sort of like arguing that intersex people mean that there's no such thing as two separate sexes. There are two separate sexes and also their intersex people who have a condition. Yeah, right. And that's the same thing here. The case in favor of heterosexual sexual activity does not change based on the fact that some people can't actually participate in that.

What would you do if a young gay guy came to you for advice? If someone said, Hey, I'm Ben, I'm an admirer of yours. I love the way you think and follow your philosophies. But I've got a problem. I'm young Jewish man, and I'm gay. And I don't know what to do. What would you tell them to do?

I mean, I can't tell them to do anything. Right? What What would you

advise? Would you tell? Would you want them to not act out on those feelings?

I would say you do the best you can as a human being. And from my moral perspective, you try to avoid sin as best you can. But everybody sends the

problem does that sin though, it seems to me that it was defined by people that didn't understand biology, because they were dealing with humans that existed 1000s of years ago? Again, I really have no understanding of why people were gay.

I mean, again, I really don't think that biblical commandments are linked and religious commandments generally are linked to a view of biology. Meaning that you don't think so? No, I think that all sin is a recognition that we have drives that we are supposed to forego. Okay. That's pretty much I mean, that's that's fundamental to certainly Judaism, it's to Christianity as well, I would say Islam even has has this basic precept,

right, when I think we can agree that there's some real benefits to discipline has real benefits to having structure. And it doesn't mean that you can't be creative, it doesn't mean that you can't be free and do whatever you want some of the time, too. But I think we can both agree that this is one of the one of the best benefits of an ideology, and what willfully a positive ideology. Right.

And one of the things that I the reason I keep coming back to the governmental regulation point is because my view is that if your view of discipline is not my view of discipline, good on you, right? Like, go go do what you want to do. Like I've never had a conversation with Dave Rubin about about him being a gay

guy. Right. But you did say that you weren't wouldn't go to his marriage, right? Well,

I said, Right. As a religious person, I can't say I can't actively participate in something that I consider to be a sin. But I would go out to dinner with Dave and his husband, anytime like my wife. And I would do that, of course, we'd have moved to our house with his husband, there's

no you don't find any contradiction between your religious perspective and your personal perspective in that regard that you would do, you wouldn't be there for religious reasons. But you would be there for personal reasons. Like if it wasn't, when would you go to the after party? Or if you wouldn't go to the wedding? Would you go to the after party?

Anything? That was a celebration of same sex marriage? No. Wow. So anything, but like if you go to the party? No. I mean, and that's it.

I mean, there's a barbecue the next day.

You know, it's, and again, like, I'm not sure why I'm not a good party person. So I'm not sure why anybody would want me at their party, frankly.

But I haven't been to a party with you. But I went to a dinner party with you. That's true. We had a great time. That was a good time. That's a funny picture. Man. That is wild. Don't know what the fuck to think about that picture.

It's certainly true.

Eric and Jordan, and

you and I, it's like what white supremacist in one place? Right? Yeah.

All the Yeah, that that is a disturbing one, when they'll just just lump you in with a bunch of fucking psychopaths just because it's convenient for them. And it's an easy way to diminish you that that that is a that is a thing that I see more from the left than from the right. And it's really disturbing. I always thought until this clickbait generation came along, I always thought that especially well, you know, the New York Times is obviously the higher standard, but that you would never see that kind of shit from progressive people, you would never see willful distortion of reality, to define their narrative in a really disingenuous way. And it happens so often now, people get called My favorite is alt right, adjacent.

I didn't know what that means. It doesn't

they don't know what it means is a new thing. It's a new thing. People are trying out to try it out. It might go. It's,

again, trying to lump everybody into one group for purposes of castigating their motives about this, you don't have to have an argument with somebody if you assume they're naughty. So I guess if you call everybody a Nazi, you don't have to have an argument. It is

goofy. But you know, I think when it comes to the the gay marriage thing, what people will really worry about is other people trying to stop people from doing what they want to do. You don't have that in you. That's not you. What you are doing is opposing it from your your religious beliefs, right?

Like if you want to join into my show, that show has religious beliefs, and that's their business, by the way. They're like, I can't join a church, I assume. I don't believe the things that people in the church believe you probably

could donate gotta give the right amount of money.

Well, I don't believe in the Jesus. So there's that there's a Jesus. Yeah. That's not my thing. Right. I mean, so that's, I wouldn't expect to walk into a mosque and expect them to change their their standards on religion. I find it really audacious when people actually expect other people to view the world the same way that they do and then expect that they're going to be catered to in that way. Like I wouldn't walk into I wouldn't walk into a gay owned bakery and expect them to bake A cake that has verses from Leviticus on it is

a weird story. You know, that bake a cake story because it gets bandied about those folks went to several Baker's until someone said, No, this is

correct. Yeah, they were looking for a court case. And yeah, honestly, like, that's not you being a civil rights hero that you being a jackass, seriously, like, go to the other bakery. What are these people do to you, they didn't have anything to do with you. They don't owe you their cake. And if you want to boycott them, boycott them, right? You want to get all your friends to say we're not going to go buy a cake from these discriminatory humans. Fine. It's a free market to have at it. But there's this notion that somebody owes you their services. That's that to me, it's not even a freedom of religion case. To me, that one's a freedom of association case.

Well, I think what the the goal is, is to shame a business into submission and also to put it out there in the public eye so that people understand that this is a discrimination that does happen with gay folks will they will go somewhere and someone won't make a cake for him. Right, you know, and so I think they wanted to highlight it. So if I was being very charitable, and I didn't think they're being attention, whores, I would say, maybe that's what they're doing. Maybe they're just trying to highlight this very real problem. That's fine.

But they actually like took it to the government. Once you start pointing government gun at people, I get real uptight. So again, it's a weird one. If you're if you're just to walk into Yeah, right. Exactly. Yeah, review it, right. Talk about how much you don't like them. Fine. You know, like, I may disagree with you, or I may agree with you, whatever. That's that's fine. But once you start going to the government, and having the government levy like $100,000 fines on family bakeries, because they because you couldn't find a gay Baker in Colorado, supposedly, like, know, that. I'm sorry, that's, that's not cool. And I feel the same way. If I walk into a bakery, they're like, you're Jewish. We're not serving you. I'd be like, Okay, you're you're aihole. But all right. I mean, it's free country, and there's a bakery across the street. Or maybe I'll just open a bakery next door to you and take all your business. Yeah.

Well, it's unfortunate that anyone would ever think like that. But should it be a law to force someone to think differently? You can't it doesn't work.

This isn't this is my point is my my religious beliefs. Oh, you're a theocratic, and I keep coming back to. I'm not though. Like, I don't want to force my beliefs on anybody remind me to have those. Those are my beliefs. So leave me alone. And those are your beliefs. So leave you alone? And if we can't have a system where we acknowledge that those beliefs can coexist, and we can still have conversations with each other or be friends, it's gonna be real hard to have a society

when you told Dave Rubin that you wouldn't go to his wedding. Did he get butthurt? No pun intended?

No, he wasn't upset about it. No, no, because it was Dave and I were friends. He knows that I have no anger or upset about him doing

I would want to fuck Ben. Come on, man.

I don't know I'm not a friends person. So I don't have any friends. I mean, I have friends. But they're it's like, very close friends. And then acquaintances, I tend to keep a pretty close social circle.

That's smart. The so much time in this life. That's

pretty much how I feel. Yeah, like, if you're the kind of person where it feels like a true obligation for me to drive you to the airport. Oh, not a thing. Now I'm not driving to the airport. You correct there to make money off and you're driving to the airport to do that. This is this is exactly correct

that those people but that did that kind of went away for the most part. So if you find someone who's still asking for a ride to the airport, that's a greedy motherfucker at this point.

You know, 80 bucks on the Uber. Yeah. It's

like your wife or your girlfriend and she wants to talk to you when you drop her off at the airport is totally cool. Right? Well, that's understandable.

But that's what I mean by my circle of friendship, like somebody where I'm in the car with him for half an hour. And it doesn't feel like an obligation. Yeah, nice conversation, that's fine. But

I value community, and I value a value people talking and trying to understand each other. And I, I've seen so much conflict that's unnecessary, because I see so much conflict that's rooted in people not communicating. And instead of communicating, and I think this is one of the things that I'm most nervous about with all this D platforming and censoring people and the silencing of people on the right. And it's not that I agree with these people, it's that I see how this is just going to shore up these two sides. And it's going to make it a much more difficult, much more difficult atmosphere for communication for real understanding and coming to agreements on things. And recognizing the things that we all all good people seem to agree you could try it, you should try to help each other should be kind to each other. You should work hard. You should have good morals and ethics. You shouldn't steal, you shouldn't take from people shouldn't lie. You shouldn't try to cheat the government. You shouldn't try to cheat people, right? Just be a good fucking person. And that this this transcends religious ideologies. It transcends political leanings. It really does. It should. And we can have a truly diverse community. truly diverse, not forced diversity, diverse meaning some people are progressive. Some people are conservative, some people are libertarian, you can joke with each other. We can all get along together and disagree with things just not be fucking hateful towards each other. This is possible But it becomes less possible when people feel like they're being silenced or censored.

totally right. And it's also true that when you, when you castigate somebody as morally unequal, what you're really doing is you're giving an excuse to get into their shit. I mean, like, this is what's really happening here. Like, if I had a slogan, beyond the facts don't care about your feelings stuff. It would just leave me alone. Yeah, right. Don't get into my shit. Like, I'm not bothering you. So why are you bothering me? And if I have a belief system that's different than yours, then so the whole what? As long as I'm not bothering you, what difference does it make to you how I feel about things?

The only thing about the gay thing is that it's not you, you have a belief about things. It's not you. And I have lots of beliefs about things that are not me, right. But they're people that aren't hurting each other. But it's, so what I

mean, I can believe that people who aren't hurting each other, like, I'm not a fan of prostitution. So like, so I'm not a fan of people. Here's some somebody who said prostitution

is clearly more of a choice than I think gay people are. Okay, I'm

coming back to the same moral distinction, which I've repeated a few times, which is that I'm not a believer that a natural desire to do something, therefore makes an activity okay. But that's but that's a view that has no externalities. My view has no externality. So in the same way, listen, I beliefs about people who eat too much and get obese because they eat too much. I think it's a bad thing to do. I don't think it's my business. You want to do it your problem like you want to you want to eff up your life. That's what freedom is called. Right? It's

one of the seven deadly sins. Gluttony. Yeah, again, a Christian thing, but

yeah, I think. But it's but yes, I mean, and I have, I have lots of beliefs about lots of things that people do. And by the way, so do you things that don't affect you, right? I mean, this is, we all do. But as long as I'm not forcing that on you, because there are no externalities, your behavior, I don't see why it bothers you. Like, they're legitimately I would assume 10s of millions of people in this country who believe that when I die, I will go to hell, right? I don't know, I don't believe in Jesus. And so there are a lot of people who believe I don't believe in Jesus, therefore, I am bound for Hell, that does not bother me one iota because no one's bothering me. So what do I care? Right? Like, I don't understand why everyone doesn't take this view. If I'm not legitimately bothering you, why should why should you care? What I think like this is, this is what would be puzzling me if somebody came to me, and they wanted my opinion on something because they valued my opinion that much, I give my opinion. But if you don't have to care about my opinion,

I think when it comes to the gay thing, what people are looking for is to people, for other folks to be accepting of who they are. And I think for a lot of these gay folks that have been in the closet their whole life, that's the big things, they're always worried about someone treating them differently, or someone diminishing them because they're gay, then when they hear someone like you say that you think it's a sin, and that you shouldn't act on your biology, even though you have these urges that you should instead find a woman, they feel the same pangs of rejection,

I get that, I for sure, get that but the confluence between activity and identity is actually kind of a dangerous one meaning then the, you know, the idea that if I disapprove an activity in which you engage, they disapprove of you, right? I disapprove of lots of activities that in which lots of people engage, including most members of my family, including my children, a lot of the time, rather than not mean I disapprove of them as a human being, or that I'm saying they're lesser as a human being right? That like, we all interact with people this way, like, you disapprove of my view on this. I get the feeling you disapprove of me as a human being. No, I don't practice a religion. You obviously think my religion is bullshit, but that's okay. I don't care. Like why would

I think it's bullshit? I wouldn't say I think it's bullshit. Do you

think? Like God spoke to somebody in the mountains bullshit, right? Well,

I don't even know if that's bullshit. What I do know is that it's a historical interpretation of stories that were as much as they could, or as little as they wanted to be accurately defined and written down and then passed on from generation

to generation. For example, you think the fact that I won't eat pork is kind of stupid? Well, no, I

don't think it's stupid bullshit. First of all, I think pigs are intelligent. I wish they were a wild, I have a deep affinity to pigs. But I also kill them like they eat you. I mean, I kill wild pigs.

Let me be broader about this. You're not an Orthodox Jew. So I assume there are things about the things. But there are certain things of which I believe or practice that you that you probably disapprove, or you don't think they're the smartest or you think that they're, or you might

not think is the smartest, but as I've gotten older, and hopefully wiser, I give a fuck less about why you do what you do. But whether or not the benefits seem to be worth the juice is worth the squeeze. Right? And in your case, I think the juice is worth the squeeze. I think you're a very successful person. You're very reasonable. You're very intelligent. You're an outstanding debater, and I enjoy talking to you and listening to you on YouTube. I think part of that is because of the fact that your religion, right of your religion, I think it's cross training. I think in a lot of ways. It's like, if you lift weights for jujitsu, it makes you stronger, it'll make your jujitsu better as long as you keep training. I think your discipline from your religion has there's psychological benefits to it. Right? Totally benefits to it. There's,

it's No, I totally get all that. But I guess the point is that we're different people. So yeah, there are certain activity in which I engage that you probably think Well, that's, I wouldn't do that. It's kind of dumb. Okay, I

don't I wouldn't go. I would, but I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I don't want to do it. I don't want to wear a yarmulke. I get it. I understand why you do it hard to keep it on your head. fluid. What it bald dudes? Do they put a double stick tape

there that now that you cannot allow to know you can? You totally can? It seems to me painful and uncomfortable. So yeah. My point is that living in a society we all are constantly disapproving of each other, right? Politics is just us disapproving of each other all the time. And so long as we're not forcing that on anybody else, I really don't see the problem. And I think everybody should sort of get over it. Like if I don't approve of your personal behavior. Welcome to the club. I disapprove of 99% of people's personal behavior, including my own half that you

how often do you debate people on the merits of religion or the merits of your belief system? Um,

you know, not, not super frequently, but not infrequently. I mean, like I mentioned that I've had this conversation with Sam a couple of different times. Yeah. Like, well, he's,

he's so rabid as an atheist. But yet, you guys he's more

religious. Sam is more religious than I am. More of a religious atheist than I am. Like, I'll admit questions about my own religion. Sam is very, very convinced of his, his correctness and his viewpoint, Sam and Sam is a religious dude.

He's a fascinating guy. He

is I liked him a lot. And Michael Shermer, I've had on my show to talk about religion, and skepticism and all that. I'm not shy about talking about it. I just, sometimes I find that it's, it's kind of a dead end. Because sometimes it just turns into I believe in God, and then the person's like, I don't believe in God. And it's like, Well, okay, fine. Now now, can we talk about the stuff we think are the, what are the fundamental building blocks upon which you can basis society or based on politics, and if we agree on those, then, you know, the god stuff, I think God is a better base for those fundamental policies and, and, and belief systems. I think free speech, individualism, democracy, these are based on a simple verse in Genesis that human beings are made in God's image. I think that that's a logical leap isn't the case I've made to Sam, I don't think that you can actually get to human beings are a bit nestable inestimable value from scientific materialism. If he believed that human beings are effectively just animals, then I don't know why they would be of infinite value, nor Why should respect somebody's belief system, simply because they're human. I don't respect animals. And if we're just another animal, I, there's no, there's nothing that necessitates that logical line of the in fact, for most of human history, it was not the logical line of thinking it was if you're a member of my tribe, then we like you. And if you're not a member of my tribe, then we get to kill you.

But is that a logical comparison? Like is, isn't there a difference between single celled organisms and the way a primate interacts with its environment?

I mean, yes, but I'm not sure why that would indicate any sort of greater existential value. It's not necessarily

a greater existential value. But as we were talking about the value of community, and the value of having a group of people that you care about, this is this is a core component of being human. This is a, it's a core component of this understanding mind. But that's that's actionable intelligence, interfacing with the universe in a way that no other animal is capable of. I'm

not saying you can't get to the point where Sam agrees with me, I'm saying that I think it's less convincing than Sam thinks it is. Meaning there's no there's an alternative line of thought that says, Okay, you're right. social fabric is great. You know, that social fabric is particularly awesome among me, and my friends, you know, aren't that great, those guys over there, let's go kill them and take their shit. Right like that. That was pretty much how humanity works for a very, very long time. And the simple and effective idea that the reason that human beings are value is because we are more than just our material bodies. And there's something that is us, that is of inestimable value. That's a religious concept, and it has a lot of weight. Now, if Sam wants to get to the same place, and we can build a political conversation from there, that's fine. My real argument with Sam is Sam, and I go down to the bottom of the iceberg about 90% of the way we have the same fundamental values about free speech, diversity of opinion about, I think, to mostly an extent free markets. And I think that we agree on a lot of these fundamental principles. He then says that he gets those from pure reason. I have serious questions about whether pure reason necessitates those conclusions. He tends to think that those are the only conclusions a reasonable person could come to if you properly apply a reason. I don't think

that's right. What do you think is happening there? What's the mechanism?

I think that the mechanism is that we are common, what I said to Sam, when we were debating this in San Francisco, is it's real weird. He's a materialist, a scientific materialist atheist, who is sitting across the stage from me a religious Jew, we agree on 95% of our values. So how? And his answer was, well, you know, here's where I've studied. I've studied Buddhism, I've studied these philosophies, and I've studied science. And is that right? I haven't studied a lot of those things, but we have the same value. So why? It seems to me a better historical explanation is that we have groped we grew up 10 miles from each other in Los Angeles, after 3000 years of common history of Judeo Christian development, balanced with reason in the West like this. location has something to do with this. And that location was rooted in commonality of interest and philosophy. So I'm less. It's, there's a weird Nexus. I don't want to get to kind of deep in the weeds here. There's a weird kind of Nexus on what truth is where you've heard Sam and Jordan Peterson debate, this guy was insane. It was it's wild, right? And the truth is, I'm closer to Sam than Jordan on this. I'm closer to Jordan than Sam when it comes to the value of religion. And I'm closer to Sam and Jordan. When it comes to objective truth. Sam believes that there is such a thing as objective truth. Jordan tends to be more of a pragmatist, he tends to believe that truth is sort of what is useful to a certain extent. And, Mike, I agree with him, but I'm not sure how he gets to objective truth from a scientific materialist worldview. Why is there objective truth as opposed to what you think is what you think being evolutionarily beneficial? How do you get from that to it's a universal principle that is objectively true? It's a bit of a jump?

Well, it depends on what the concept is, right? Like, what are you talking about in terms of I'm talking about,

I'm talking about anything that Sam says is true? What makes it true, as opposed to just evolutionarily beneficial for us to think so? Meaning what evolution does is it creates a series of thoughts in our mind, presumably, if you're a materialist that are beneficial to your preservation and promulgation of the species, right? They're not active, actually true. So if it's beneficial, this is Sam's explanation for the prevalence of religion, for example, he'll say, religion isn't true. But evolutionary biology sort of drives people toward religion. So you can have group bonds that are beyond 250 people, or whatever. So why doesn't that apply to math? Why is it the two in two? How do you know that two into actually equals four, as opposed to it is evolutionary, evolutionarily beneficial for you to believe that two plus two equals four? So Sam believes there's an objective truth somewhere out there that two plus two equals four? I don't know what evolution has to do with that sort of stuff.

So what do you think is happening that he disagrees with?

So I think that what is happening is that human beings were placed in an orderly universe through the processes of biology, and have a unique capacity to understand that universe because we are made in the image of God. This is where I think that the religious viewpoint diverges pretty strongly from from Sam's, but you

believe in evolution. Yes, you believe that evolution was a process that was created by God to formulate human beings? Yes. Interesting.

Yeah. I mean, that's, that's the nice thing about being religious, you can attribute most most everything to God as

well, here's the thing, it's not that implausible. If there was some sort of a grand plan, there would be no regard for like ABA gotta get a rush on this, right? Making the evolutionary being, you know, we're gonna, you know,

there's also the process, there's all sorts of fine tuning arguments about how implausible it would be for just atoms roaming around the universe randomly to end with with human creation. You know, the alternative explanations seem No, no more, no less implausible to me, like the multiple universes theory. plausible, but we have no way to prove it, because we can't get to those multiple universes. So how is that testable? Or the or the now popular theory that we're living in an AI simulation? Not sure how that's more testable than God? Not sure how it's more testable that aliens put us here, like, how is any of this? Why is that more testable? Or more plausible, than the idea that there is a force behind that which we see that has mined?

Well, let's, let's just break this down slowly. There's obviously something that's happening. There's obviously something that went from the Big Bang to planet earth in 2019, with cellular communication and satellite dishes. And obviously, something happened, something pretty radical. Why is it happening? Is it happening because of random events that sort of coincide with biology and technology? And all these things come to fruition to you and I standing across from each other talking on this podcast in front of millions of people? Or is this is this just how things go? Is things compete, constantly try to get better. And then in this gigantic ecosystem of all these things, competing and trying to get better one super successful organism us rises above and continues right and continues and by far passes all these other creatures below it, and moves. We, in our estimation, I mean, if you if you really believe in evolution, you can't think we're done. Right? It's got to be moving towards some better product keeps going until it creates.

So this is why I say that Sam is more religious than I am. I think that there's a plausible argument for atheism, I just don't think that there is a plausible argument for Sam's moral vision of atheism. Meaning that what what what Sam tends to do is it like for example, you and I have talked a lot on this particular podcast about the value of self betterment and making decisions and being responsible for those decisions. How does that work in an area where you don't Free well, so Sam actively says we do not have free Well, yeah, that's a weird conversation. It is it is a weird conversation and sort of a self defeating one. Sam suggests when it comes to the scientific method that we are using science to find out truths about the universe. And we're using reasons he was very big on reason. I also am big on reason. But I don't know how Sam is defining reason as opposed to just a an evolutionarily beneficial firing of neurons. Meaning that that's what we are right? We're balls of meat wandering, purposeless through the universe, and then he'll talk about making our own meaning or seeking human human prosperity or flourishing is the word he likes to use. These are all very active verbs, right? This is, this is an active vision of man in the universe. And I'm not sure how that flows from. We're a ball of meat that evolved from another ball of meat that evolved eventually, if you go back far enough from non balls of meat, without any without any freewill without any capacity to choose. I don't I don't know how to build a civilization on that. Well, there's

two different conversations here. One is determination or determinism, rather, whether or not you have free will or whether or not your life and your actions are being dictated by the past, by your biology, by your learning experiences by external pressures. What is causing this very clear decision that you make? Is this freewill? are you deciding I'm gonna get my shit together, or all the factors around you pushing you and funneling you into this, this direction that you it's unavoidable to you? Right? And that you are not a product of freewill. You're just a product of a lot of different factors, right? Or is it both? Is it that you are the product of your environment and your life experiences? And you also have freewill

right. And I'm in the latter group.

I'm in the latter group, I think as well. I think we also experienced great benefit from making positive choices and then experiencing like, whenever you meet someone who's lost a lot of weight. One thing is they have this fucking tremendous feeling of accomplishment. Yep. You know, and like, oh, yeah, I lost 100 pounds, like holy shit, man. 100 pound, right. Like they get this positive feedback from it. There's, there's real good and making good choices. And when people decide to get their shit together and make a good choice, they're rewarded. The question is, are you doing that because of determinism? Are you doing that because of freewill? Or are you doing that because of a combination of both of those things? And can you feel that freewill purposely through like outwardly seeking things that are motivational or things that are educational things that allow you to kind of remap the way you process reality, right, which can be extremely beneficial and can aid in you taking steps towards exercising your freewill?

Right. Well, this is why I think that in the end, and right, but but I think it's pretty fundamental question. And I think that that's why, in the end, I'm religious, and I'm not sure why Sam isn't because he agrees with the same premises. Right? He'll he'll he'll talk about self betterment and decisions that you can make. And then he'll write a full book about why free will doesn't exist. And I just don't understand how those two things can coexist. Yes,

it's a well, I think it's a thought experiment. First of all, I think the whole determinism thing is a thought experiment. Because there's really no way to determine right, like you can

know for sure, right? I mean, like there's just no way to act otherwise, by I guess,

I've absolutely act as if I have free will, right. And we all do. And I get angry at myself when I fucked things up. I don't say well, it's just determinism man. Right? No, that doesn't get you in. And the button may be it's determinism that has put me in this position where I'm the kind of guy that gets upset if I fuck things up, right? No, I don't know, man. I don't know. But I don't know if you know, either. That's my take on all these things when people get really rigid with their ideologies. Yeah. Like, okay, I want to hear it out. I want to hear the whole thing. You know, I want to hear it all. You know,

I think there's I think there's no, I think there's a lot that I don't know, but I think that there's more plausible and less plausible.

I agree. This is where I think people misunderstand you. You have your beliefs, but you're not a guy that imposes them on people. And I think we need to be way more reasonable in terms of the way we address people's beliefs. And I've been guilty of this in the past, I'm sure many everyone has. But I think it's a core component to a healthy community is to allow people to have their own beliefs. And you know, who knows, man, maybe your beliefs on gay people will adjust and move over time as you get older and move into a gay neighborhood. And

again, it's not look dude, it's not it's not about tolerance.

I understand. I know.

I mean, I know. Yeah, it it's, it's a difference between understanding people are as as whole people, and then saying that I don't like some of the things that they do. And simply saying that making the assumption because I don't like some of the things that you do. We can't be friends or I disapprove of you as an entire human being, which I think is not true.

It's a good belief system to have If you're straight and then you go look kind of locked down. Don't need to worry about that. I got a prop but if you're gay God down that'd be a pain. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it would be annoying if you just always wanted to bang dudes and everyone's saying, no, no,

no. Nobody said do Nobody said religions Easy, man. It's what's the value

in it though if you're, if you're a giant homo, alright, and all you want to do is go to gay discos party your ass off. That's what you enjoy. Some people like golf. Okay? Some people, some people like parasailing some dudes just want to fucking get it on, man, you want to dress up like the village people and go have a fucking party. That's why Santa Monica Boulevard such a hotspot and they find each other,

you know, do whatever you want to do, honestly, do whatever you want to do. Because men don't don't ask me to think that, you know, don't ask me to like, put my stamp of moral approval. I understand. But do you want to do like it's free country, this this should be a free country, not just it is a free country, it should be a free country, it should not be my job to police your personal behavior. Right. Right. Right. Like you, as I mean, I have to prove it on a personal level. Right. But I'm a jerk if I want to impose my belief system on your personal behavior that affects no one else. I mean, that's the definition of

thing. And I'm a hypocrite if I continue to braid you about your, your opinion on gay folks, why do I give a fuck what your opinion is? Correct it because you are a reasonable person. And you do. You're very polite. And either you're in friends with Dave Rubin. So there you go. There's got to be something there. It's it's a strange thing, though. This, this need that people have for everyone to think the way they think. And I understand the need to reinforce your own thoughts and and argue them and try to figure out a way to debate that the other person's perspective is incorrect. And your perspective is correct. I understand all these inclinations that people have. But I I think that they conflate that with bigotry. Right. You know, and I don't think I don't think you're a bigot. I don't agree with you about gay folks. But that's one of the few. The marijuana thing is just I just don't think you have any experience in it. Right.

And as far as the, as far as disagreeing, I think that we probably don't disagree on gay folks. I think we disagree on identity and gay activity and all the rest of it. I mean, as human beings, yeah. These are human beings. I know many gay people who I think are significantly better human beings than religious people that I know.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you said that. Yeah, I think it. There's a way I don't have a defined religion. But in a way, I have some pretty rigid ideas that I have in my head about behavior and ethics and morals and how you treat people care about those are those are like, they're pretty rigid. And I think one of the things that religion does, is it allows you to have this sort of ethical framework, sort of like, what is it called scaffolding, like when you're building like, it allows you to develop a more disciplined life. And it just shows you this is good, and this is bad. And it's clear, and there's most of it in the for the most part, it's good. For the most part, these are these are good patterns to follow. And I think that I've most certainly sort of adopted my own, somewhere along the line.

I think we all do. Yeah, I mean, honestly, a value system, effectively is usually a form of religion, right? So

when you're saying that Sam is religious, he's a religious AC atheists, your system? Yeah, you're not being inaccurate. There's a lot of folks do that we do develop these sorts of principles that we follow. We're not just free willy nilly just do whatever we want all day long. No one does

that. And the reason I say that is sort of facetiously, but I think that we all make fundamental assumptions about the nature of human life. And we have to recognize that those are assumptions. You can't it's not reason all the way down. Yeah, that it because that tends to actually become even more inflexible than its I'm the only reasonable person in the room. My reasons are the only ones that matter. So it's my reasons all the way down. I acknowledge that we're all making some assumptions. And then we can discuss whether those assumptions are worthwhile or not.

Yeah, the thing that when it comes with religion, in defining whether or not other people's behavior is sinful, where it doesn't involve you, that's where a lot of folks start thinking that maybe these ideas are bigoted, right?

But it does involve me, meaning that at times, well, I'm enjoined, every sin that I say is a sin is a sin that enjoins me. It's just that I may not have a desire for that particular sin. In Meaning I'm not I'm not holding people to a different standard than I hold myself, nor am I saying that I never sin. Right,

but you know that you have different biological desires than they do. You're kind of acknowledged that. Of

course, that's true. Yeah, of course. That's true. By the same token, I assume that a gay guy doesn't have the desire to show up 1000 women, which most straight guys do.

Yeah. Why do you think if if God has a plan, why do you think he would create gay people?

I mean, I think that God creates for So I don't think that I'm in a position to evaluate God's plan. But if you look God's if I had to guess God creates people with all sorts of different challenges and those challenges span the spectrum. Mm hmm I mean, I'm not so

God sneaks up on you hey man, I know it's gonna be fucked up but you're gonna just like dudes like forget about women you're gonna like dudes I am not I want you to ignore that no my old book i

don't know i got gives people drives I don't know I got kids kids cancer. I don't know a lot of things about God. Wish I did it would make my life a lot easier. So

you think that that is a challenge akin to any other challenge that a human being might face in this life that the challenge have been a lot

harder? Yeah, a lot more difficult and a lot more straining and a lot? Yeah, of course.

Do you think there's value in following that challenge and not acting on gay urges? I think that I think there can be and having sex with a woman plug your nose go and make a face because your disgust did

you create it? Did you create a baby out of that? Did that bit is that baby like a part of your life? Now that is that is deep and meaningful? Maybe? What about their past that a lot of gay guys having kids?

What about people saying living their truth? I'm living my truth. Ben Shapiro?

Well, I mean, as a general rule, living my truth is bunch of crap. Like there's living your opinion, which is fine, like love your opinion, and how you want again, that gets back to do what you want, as long as it's not bothering me. living my truth is a different thing.

That's one of them social media creations, like, living my truth.

as such. That's just bullshit. I'm sorry. The matrix is bullshit. Like, it's, there's no such thing as your truth. There's the truth. And then there's your opinion. And we do have to if we're going for purposes of conversation, at the very least, it's deeply irritating when people say living my truth, because then it's like, I disagree with you. And then I'm like, well, you're you're disavowing me as a human being. No, I just disagree. Like you can be you. You can do what you want, like you do that. Whatever, man. Come down, like, How did I become the most loosey goosey libertarian Leanback guy in the world? In this society? How is this possible? The most uptight person I know, how is this a thing? Well,

you know, as well as I do that, the further you go left, you would you reach the same sort of zealotry that you do when you go all the way rice is correct. You meet these crazy people that are just completely connected to their idea of being correct. And they take the most rigid stance on all these issues on the left side or on the right side. And it's so goddamn common. Human behavior.

It's also incredibly boring. Yeah. I mean, there's just nothing to discuss with with Yeah,

I agree. And that's one of the reasons why it's so disgusting when people mislabeled people, like so was an article that connected me with Richard Spencer. Like, What in the fuck? Like, that is such a disingenuous thing to do? And they know what they're doing. They're they're trying to get me to react to it and talk about it and get more glare caught you Yeah, okay. It's it put it's horseshit. Yep, like anybody. But if you are locked into that far left ideology as far left as you can go, and it's one of the problems with ideologies that have these extremists, is that you believe in a percentage of the things these people say, but then they go way too far with it, but you're connected with them. You're connected with them, because you're a part of that even though you don't have a similar notion. Steven

Pinker got browbeaten over suggesting that failure to ask questions and give plausible answers gives, excuse me, credence to the alt right that if you do a so he did a whole speech where he said, listen, there are lots of conversations about IQ and race. And the alt right loves these conversations, because then they they suggest, wrongly that black people are inherently unfit, and white people are more fit, and all that kind of stuff. And he says, There are great ways to explain what how much of IQ is is cultural, how much can be changed? How much is genetic? How much that actually matters in terms of real life outcomes, we can do all those things. But when you say, don't ask the question, stop asking the question, then you make people Google and the only thing that they will Google and find are answers that are given by people who are actually all right, right. And he got ripped as outright for this entire argument was don't allow people to push into outright answers by failing to give them proper responses, or by throwing them out the window. And then people like, well, you're all right now because you're saying that people should be able to ask questions, like, it's almost like, it's just like, it's the exact same version as people in the religious community where it's like, you know, I used to go to Sunday school, and then I asked him any questions and they kicked me out. Right, that's, that's not how religion is supposed to work. That's not how that's not how reason is supposed to work. That's not how any of this is supposed to work.

Right. And there's also when you're investigating any thing, any measurable thing, we're there when you find a number, whatever it is, like these people like Asian folks are better at mathematics. European folks are better at this. Like what is what's the reason for that? Like, what what's let's find out is it cultural, is it biologicals, it's something can we learn about how human beings evolved and adapted? Why are Nigerians so smart? Like there's so many Nigerians that come to this country, they thrive, they thrive in business there extremely motivated. They're extremely disciplined. It's like, it's like almost like Korean folks. Why to Koreans? Like, why are they so hard working? Why do they strive? And obviously, these are big generalizations. But what is it about Italians? What makes them wear gold chains? And love mafia movies? Like what is it? Those are my people that go with the with the fuck? Why are they all talk like that? Like, what is that? What causes any sort of ethnic group to turn out the way they turned out? What are so many European Jews, Nobel Prize winners? Right? What the fuck is going on over

there? And also like, what is the impact of the measurable on how we live our lives like to show how much should this stuff matter? Is this is this a result of discrimination? Or is this a result of something else? Is it true that when you group any group of people together racially or non racially, there will be disparities between those two groups of people? This is just true statistically, like, but not asking those questions and then saying, shut down the questions. What that actually does is it leads people to only get the answers to the questions from the people who don't know what they're talking about, in many cases, and who are giving convenient, easy and self flattering answers about the nature of of themselves.

The fear, is it being used by racists to reinforce their position, right, but what you find out is that they'll hear your race,

right? And they'll do that anyway. Like one of the one of the funniest things about white supremacist is they're so fucking stupid. And Pardon the language like the white supremacists are invariably, not the Nobel Prize winners. If you go to a white supremacist compound, you're not looking at a bunch of people who are curing cancer. These people pissed me off and this is now I'll say all that won't matter. The media label me outright tomorrow, because this goes well,

the disingenuous media that's being less and less taken seriously. Taking less less seriously. It's it seems to me that that trend, which is a common trend that's existed for the last few years of these click Beatty, bullshit articles and mislabeling people, it's going to go away because your your perspective is not going to be appreciated. It's not going to be respected if you if you're obviously making disingenuous statements like that. And I think we're in this weird position where it's very difficult to find real journalism and real objective takes on things that aren't flavored by their ideology. And everybody's trying to shape everybody and they feel like it's their obligation they feel. There's many people that write things that feel like it's their obligation to change your perspective on a national subjects and things that are important to us. It's not their obligation to just report what's going on, but also their obligation to flavor things in a way that will make one side look favorable to the other. Yeah,

well, I'm very much in favor of journalists revealing their biases. I think that the greatest line media is that objective journalism is a thing. So I'm a conservative, you're gonna go to my site, you'll get a conservative spin on the news. That's the way it's going to work. And guess what CNN is liberal, and they are going to give you the liberal spin on the news. And that's just the way this is going to work to

just see the video when the Muller report came out. They look like somebody got killed. Oh my

God, it was crazy. So it was

it shouldn't be happy. If you guys believed in Muller, everybody was like, Muller is the fuckin man. He's gonna go get Trump. This guy is methodical. He's precise.

He's getting voted out and everything votive candles with his face on them. They could like bird they were pumped. Yeah. And then he came out and it was like, Well, no collusion, or was like, Well, I guess that now to cover up. It's

like, what? Wait a minute. Yeah, maybe

maybe the narrative has it? Maybe the narrative has has trumped the actual job you're supposed to do, guys.

Well, it's just so many people were so convinced. And there were so many people that were making statements that in retrospect, are probably like, you could probably I mean, I want to say, I'm not a litigious person. But if I was a guy like Donald Trump, oh, man,

yeah,

there's so many people to sue it.

It was it was amazing. I mean, I remember I was on Bill Maher's show and we were supposed to talk about free speech stuff and like five minutes before, and he's like, let's talk about Russia as producer came in. And let's talk about Russia. And I was like, Okay, fine. So we get on producers for them. Yeah. This is like right before they switch topic for

your TV shows where they tell you what you have to talk about a guy comes in with a clipboard? Yeah,

it was it was a little bit. It was a little bit strange. And we got on stage and he's talking about Trump, Russia collusion. And I said what I've always said, which is I'll wait for the evidence to come out and then I will make a decision as to whether Trump Russia collusion was a thing. And Bill Maher article, I know and Bill Maher goes, you don't you don't believe it was a thing? And I was like, Well, I don't see any evidence yet that it was a thing. Like I see some evidence of attempts to collude like Don Jr. I see some attempts of people trying to get information. But I don't see evidence of like actual legal collusion. And why don't we just wait like you guys keep wanting Muller to give us like, let's just wait on it. And Mark could not believe that this was my perspective. Right? It was like it was like shocking to him. Why should Why should the perspective I'm waiting for more evidence be shocking to anyone when it is obvious, the evidence is not out. Like why is that in any way? Controversial? It's bewildering to me.

Well, it's because people have this need to let everyone know that they're on the right side. And they want you to know that they do believe in the collusion if you disagree With that, for whatever reason, you must either be a right wing person, a Trump supporter, someone who's in denial, someone who doesn't look at the evidence, and you're a part of the problem. Yep. But the real problem was jumping to conclusions. There obviously seem to be some attempts. There's there's obviously some fuckery with that IRA company that the internet research agency that is responsible for millions of interactions with people online where they pretended to be, right, different supporters roles. They caused conflict, like constant conflict in regards to political opinion. And that's all real, that was coordinated effort to try to change people's opinions. But how much of that had to do with Donald Trump? How much did he ask for? First of all, you got no evidence. Also,

I was always bewildered by this theory. Like, did you watch that campaign? That was not the most well coordinated campaign. It was chaos. It was chaos. I mean, I knew everybody who's in the campaign, like, it was a it was a shit show, then the idea that they're sitting there, but they're, but when the mask comes off at night, they call up Vladimir Putin. And they put together a point by point plan on how they're going to swing this particular precinct in rural in rural Michigan. It's like, what what are you? Are you guys hi? Like, what are you talking about? Like, what? Like, if you could attribute this to anything? Here's a good rule of thumb for politics, attribute everything to stupidity unless you can prove malice. The

real problem. And this is something that is very similar to what we were talking about earlier. When you say something, and you say it over and over and over again, and you say it with such conviction. And it becomes a giant part of your news narrative. And then that something turns out to be horseshit. Yep. You just massively empowered Trump.

That's That's exactly right. No mas said for a long time that, you know, I'm not a big fan of Trump's fake news stick because I think he applies it to broadly. I think that whenever there's a bad piece of news, he's like fake news. And it's like, well, sometimes yes. And sometimes no. But now that you just blew a two year narrative, where he was clearly in Putin's pocket, how many people you think gonna listen to the nuanced view of fake news now? And how many people do you think are going to actually believe Trump when he says that a bad piece of news is legitimately a fake piece of news? Yeah,

and empowers him in a in a spectacular manner? They made a giant mistake.

Oh, yeah. And they blew that they blew this one in spectacular fashion, and people are still hanging in there. All they had to do this is true for so many people right now, all you have to do is not be crazy. Just stop it

was talking about the possibility that Trump has been a Russian asset since like, 1987, or something. I

mean, Andrew McCabe, the former FBI director was asked whether Trump was legitimately a Russian asset. And he's like, I don't know. It's like you're using the power of the institution to use to run to spread this nonsense. And you got that from John Brennan, you got it from James clapper. These are all former heads of the intelligence agencies, it just makes me think the intelligence agencies need to be wildly curved back if these were the heads of them. I mean, if like the heads of the intelligence agencies are using their platform to proclaim that they have inside information about Trump, that turns out to be utter nonsense. I'm not sure these people should have that much power to like,

is that what he's saying? Or is he saying he doesn't know? He didn't say, I

don't know. He was saying like, I have basically, I expect that Muller is going to indict. As a former intelligence professional, I expect that yeah, there's a lot of that it was ugly. Adam Schiff, Intel Committee doing the same thing.

It's crazy now because like, what do they do now? Like, how do they rebound from this? If this is to say once, this is something you said for two years, right. You've seen the compilation video? Yeah. They've done them to rap music. So they're like they've they've put a beat behind it. If you've seen it. Now, I know. There's some great ones, some great content, there's compilations of people saying possible collusion, possible collusion possible. Yeah. And there's music that goes with it. And they just cut two possible collusion with the Russians possible. Russian collusion. Yeah. Possible. Russian collusion. It's, yeah,

they blew it in a major way. Yeah,

I mean, there's plenty of shit to complain about. You didn't have to go with that. Like the idea was that he was a trays

at target rich environment and you decided to go to he's a Russian trader. What like, like, it's no way out or something. And he's Kevin Costner is

one way he could have ever beaten Hillary. So I'm gonna check my wife get out of here, man. I do a little bit. Yeah. When you leave right now. Like, I wanted to ask you one more. One more question. What do you think about this Chelsea Manning situation? Because I don't know exactly what happened other than she's in contempt of court. And so they've got her in solitary confinement. Now, this is about testifying.

I'll be honest, I've been following it that closely. I mean, my understanding is that Chelsea Manning who Okay, so here's where we get color Bradley. No, he changed he changed his name to Chelsea he is a biological male.

campaigner leave your gendering Are you dead naming as well? I don't know. No, I don't I don't. But

unless we're talking about when he committed his crimes, at which point he's actually Bradley as opposed to Chelsea right. So if we're talking about so he personally was convicted. That was a male named Bradley Manning,

just talking about the formerly known as Bradley.

If we're talking about the human being who's currently in jail, that As a male who is currently known as Chelsea, so it's my understanding is that Brad is that Chelsea Manning is a refused to hand over information that he was legally bound to hand over about WikiLeaks. And now there were complaint that he's being held in solitary. But that's not true, apparently, and that he's being mistreated. I do find it weird that the same people who are complaining about Donald Trump coordinating with WikiLeaks are very upset about Chelsea Manning going to jail for coordinating with WikiLeaks, you're gonna need to pick one or the other is WikiLeaks, batters WikiLeaks, not bad.

Your what is WikiLeaks? It's only dependent upon whether or not they're supporting the narrative that you want.

That's exactly right. And it's right and lefty leaks was very good. Exactly. It was right and left, by the way, like there are people on the right words like Julian Assange, Julian Assange is the worst. And then 2016 happened like Julian Assange. Now there's a person I can really talk to, it's like, well, no, I'm pretty sure Julian Assange is a WikiLeaks, good information suggests they are Russian front group. And take Make of that what you will end of story,

do you think that they became a Russian front group to try to stay operative and stay safe, because they're obviously being attacked by the United States government and in danger of being shut down? And then they've kicked me in here?

I really don't know enough about WikiLeaks to really get into I don't sort of historical but I

know that he's been trapped in that embassy for since 2012.

Yeah, I mean, I hope that he's got some video games or something in there.

Fuck, man. He's been in there for like, seven years now. Right?

It's a long time to be in an embassy. It's

a long time. It can't go outside. No sunlight. Pamela Anderson visits every now and then. He's fucked, man. I mean, it's a terrible place to be. And I don't know if it's better than prison. Because it's like the stress of him never knowing when they're going to come knock down the door and pull him out of there. I was like, how well does that guy sleep? Seven years in that embassy? It can be great. Can't be Grace got to be awful. They took his internet away, right?

I think they did. That's fucked up. To be fair, WikiLeaks was releasing information on specific American soldiers in lines of combat. So were they

yes, they didn't redact any of the names. That was the problem. That's why people

were pissed. Really? Yes. Because the original dump from Chelsea Manning was that he dumped all the information to WikiLeaks, including the stuff that was unredacted. And WikiLeaks just released it. That was the claim. That was the claim anyway, I don't know if that's accurate. Because if you voted differently than let me know, because I'll be happy to correct Oh, yeah.

You know, I'm sure you would I just don't know if that that is. I don't know, I don't have the information from me. Do you want to check? No, I'll take too much time. That'll, folks, you're gonna have to Google this one. But so when one of the things that I was thinking when Trump got into office while I was drain that swamp shit, I was like, I wonder if Trump would be a WikiLeaks supporter. I wonder if Trump would be happy? Depends if it helped him. Yeah, sure. Right. Right. Or even and Snowden as well. You see this wondering about that?

Yeah, I mean, it same sort of thing. I mean, unfortunately, politics very often has little to do with principal at everything to do with convenience. Yeah. So if it's helpful, sure,

if not a guy like him who's always anti Deep State and talking about the these men, I do have extremely critical. Yes,

but I do have a feeling that once you actually sit in the big seat, I think that tends to change. Remember, Obama was to Yeah. And then five minutes later, he was thrown in people. Like

Well, listen, I know you gotta get out of here. So let's just wrap this up. Tell people

about your book. Yeah. So you can check out my book, the right side of history talks about a lot of the sort of deeper issues. We're talking about Judeo Christian values and reason and sort of, it's a kind of short form philosophical history of the West, from Sinai through Greece, and talking about all the major enlightenment philosophers. Some of the things we talked about on the show are in the book. It's number one bestseller on the New York Times nonfiction list, at least at the moment. Congratulations.

That's awesome. Really, pretty quick test. Pretty exciting. So your show also Ben Shapiro show you can get the Ben Shapiro show on iTunes. You can get it on YouTube, your Sunday review, which I did once Yeah, it's Sunday special as a special caveat again, and I would love to thank you. Thanks for being here. And your books available on Amazon everywhere. Ben Shapiro is gentleman that was great.


Wow, it's good to be back for the second visit.

It's good to be here, man. It's good to see you.

We've got Trump meeting with Kim Jong Un, we've

got the Cohen hearings in Congress, a lot of energy going on. Wow, things are happening. planets are aligned, we should tell everybody that you and I had well, first of all, we had a long conversation on the phone, which led to just a lot of talk. You were driving to Vegas a few weeks ago. And then we decided to do another podcast and we cleared the air on the phone, we decided to clear the air more on a podcast. There's a lot of things going on. I told you a long time ago that I would have you back on. And in the interest of being completely honest, there was I was hesitant to do it, not because it didn't want to talk to you. But because of just the amount of bullshit that I get from people to get angry that you and I are friends. You know that why give that guy a platform? That's the big one. Why give that guy a platform? That's the big one. You know, but you and I have always had a good time together. We've always had fun together. Our only problems have always been what we're not like, if you're talking about me, or if I'm talking about you, not if we're talking to each other. It's the distance has been the promise of telephone lack of communication. The lack of communication has been the problem. The thing that people are upset about you the thing that we wanted to talk about, like quick to get it over with or not not quick, but just to get it front up front. That's the best way misrepresented. Yes. Is the sandy hooks. Yes. Yeah. So your take on it. Just give me your take on it?

Well, first off, because it's always misrepresented. I believe mass shootings happen and they're real tragedies. And I believe Parkland happened.

And you believe Sandy Hook camp? Absolutely.

And now just last year, the media came out and said Alex Jones says Parkland didn't happen. And he sending people to Parkland parents houses, and there was no video no audio wasn't true. In fact, I said, I believe Parkland happened. So I'm not going to be the mass shooting denial guy. I have been branded as the Sandy Hook. I mean, imagine a Final Cut Pro video editing timeline. And you go back almost it was seven years ago. It's more than seven years now. And the Internet didn't believe some of the things about Sandy Hook. I started covering it weeks after my first articles and things are oh, this will be used for gun control. And I bet the guys on Prozac and a mental patient which he was, of course, in about two weeks into it, my listeners and others started sending me all these anomalies and things and later turned out some of those anomalies weren't accurate. And then I just moved on from it. Okay, I mean, I'm not animal, Lanza, I didn't kill those kids. But when I'm on the streets now, people don't know Adam Lanza is the guy that killed those kids. They think it's me. They say, I can't believe you're not in prison for what you did to Sandy Hook. All I know is Alex Jones Sandy Hook that kids show?

Well, I don't think that's I think the majority of them are angry because the narrative has been that you're sending people to the Sandy Hook families hosts homes. Exactly. And you and I never have that you're responsible for these people getting harassed. Because you said on your radio show that it wasn't real.

Yes, there is video and audio me saying I can see why people don't think it happened. And I can see how people think it's synthetic as there's been staged events before. That then gets edited, put together, cobbled together, but I never said go to people's houses. I never said go investigate. You ever say

that? You think it's not real? Yes, I did. But now you do think it's

real? Because I learned some of the anomalies are not accurate. That's a

problem with all this conspiracy shit, right? Because the conspiracy theory stuff, the people that want to believe they believe in conspiracies with everything. And I think there's a certain percent and we talked about this just a few minutes ago.

Yeah. When I started getting accused four years ago, a couple years into it. I should know, I think it happened. Then people that I had interviewed, and thanks for saying he's involved. He's one of them.

Because you are now saying that it happened. They thought that you had been compromised. Yes. And then I was realizing, Oh, this is where a certain percentage of people are schizophrenic. Exactly. And then they just think everything's a conspiracy. This is the thing about conspiracies. It's very attractive to people that are schizophrenic, schizophrenic, people think everything's a fucking conspiracy from top to bottom, every single interaction that people have is some sort of a stage event that's trying to take them down or control this or mind control that that's a big factor in a lot of this conspiracy theory, shit, his mental illness.

When I started, have people come to the office, saying that I'm Beau Bridges or that I'm Jeff Bridges, or that I am your Bill, Bill Hicks and people in restaurants screaming fu bill, we know it's you. It's kind of like Dan, rather than a guy threatening me and what's the signal and what's the signal? What I've experienced now the quote fame being super famous being a conspiracy guy, I was legitimately questioning things because of Gulf of Tonkin, Northwoods things that really happen, babies that weren't trying to incubators, you get a snare rack or, but I kind of realized a few years ago that I kind of had my own mild psychosis, in that when you've been lied to about the media and the culture so much over and over again, everything then starts becoming automatically your shirts fake, and then everything you see fits into that. This is probably gonna get four or five years ago, I began to realize because I was on the receiving end of people pulling up in white vans with guns in my office saying, I know you put a microchip in my head, and I'm gonna kill you. And so it was kind of like, once I got super famous, it was like, Whoa, there's a certain percentage of people that are way off on the spectrum, where they believe everything's fake. And there's people that believe everything that here is true. I mean, you should be you should be questioning, you should have the right to do it. But but it's somewhere in the middle. And so this is what I'll say about Sandy Hook. I legitimately questioned it when people brought up anomalies. I then had debates about it on both sides. The Internet pushed me to keep covering it, I probably covered it 20 times. In the first few years it happened. And then as soon as I questioned it, not being staged, I got attacked so much that I said, Screw it, smash shootings happen. I believe it happened, but then media would call me or interview me and say, okay, but tell us the anomalies of why you questioned they were getting me to say it again. Not that I'd have the right to question it. But they they thought Well, Alex Jones versus dead kids, Alex Jones denying and Alex Jones harassing families. This is a perfect way to get this guy who's so popular getting people to question and get people to think. So it took me years, I think I'm smartest I'm not to figure out what's going on. So when Hillary a few months before the election, gives us huge speech and says Alex Jones has a dark heart. He knows Sandy Hook kids died. But he says they didn't. And he sends people their houses. He's the worst guy in the world. So I came out and I said, Listen, I never sent anybody the houses but I apologize was taken out of context. People to write your question, but I am sorry for the families and I'm sorry for your hurt. And I get it and I've experienced crazy people now. Big time just like you have please stop saying that. I'm saying it didn't happen. Please stop saying I'm sending people to his house because here's what happens when they put it on. Every major TV channel, local TV channels radio, I mean 1000s of articles that didn't get syndicated. If I said 100,000 articles, that's a low number. The amount of Sandy Hook coverage against me has been showing stated so huge because it's supposed to be the first domino that once I'm taken down, then all the dominoes fall. Well, it's

also clickbait. There's also a thing if you say Alex Jones, Sandy Hook, and you put it in a title, a certain amount of people just kind of click on it. Alex Jones is still pushing a sandy hook conspiracy theories, one that I saw just two days ago.

Exactly. So so this is the point I've gotten to is here's the key. They then they say more people are showing up in in Connecticut, more people are coming to their houses, which they are. Because the media is all over the news saying there's a big conspiracy here. Alex Jones says it doesn't happen. And so people then hear it and they think, oh, you know, it's like looking for the mosque man or something. They're all running up there and the media saying and in my name, and I'm saying no, I believe it happened years ago. And so then I'm getting the blame and the attacks and the demonization and the threats for what the corporate media is saying over and over again, that I'm saying that it didn't happen. And

the families are getting the threats, and the families are getting the attacks and the families are getting called crisis actors. Yes. Something different.

Oh, my God, in hindsight, absolutely. But again, I legitimately didn't think my show was as powerful as it was. So that I wasn't retrospectively, you know, looking at everything I was doing as much as I should. Nobody's perfect me as you get older, you grow and you learn things. But I just began to realize about three years ago, that they're making my identity not being a nationalist, not being a populace, not being a free market guy. They're making my whole identity, Sandy Hook. And I didn't know they were

gonna sue me then Well, it's just because that's what gets clicks.

Yes. But then, but then before I ever got sued, I said, I believe Sandy Hook happened. That's not my identity. I barely ever covered it stop, right. But

you understand, that's not what they're doing. They're not trying to make his weakness, even worse, but they're not trying to make your identity. They're not trying to define you or do some sort of a document or biography on your life. They're just finding something that people want to pay attention to. This is one of the problems with with news coverage today is that they find things that people want to pay attention to, and they focus on them out of proportion. I agree.

And when they say that I'm making money off Sandy Hook, when when the newspapers and the publishing houses are using me as a way to put out that incendiary, hurtful thing. Well, to be hurtful. I didn't mean to be incendiary. I was legitimately questioning as the internet was asking a bunch of other stage stuff. And then I say, hey, take it back. Don't do it. And they go, No, we're going To commit this hurtful thing that's still free speech, but it's hurtful in your frickin name. And that's why I'm I'm not saying I'm the victim here. I'm saying stop it because everything to do about the platforming me the biggest frustration is I still have my huge audience at radio stations and infowars.com News wars.com. But reaching new people is very hard. And then now that I've been silenced, the mainstream media can say whatever they want Joe, about you about me and I can't respond. I mean, you go to YouTube and type in Alex Jones. Well, this is where the negative stuff and there's one that says white supremacy and Alex Jones and you click on it, it's a famous British actor and author saying Alex Jones says kill the families of Parkland parents and I'm actually have lawyers getting ready to follow suit over this. I warned the guy sent letters he didn't take it. Now I have to you can pull up this famous projector I forget I forget his name, you can pull up just just type in Alex Jones, YouTube, all the main steps put up on top. It's like the seventh or eighth link and it says Alex Jones and white supremacy what to do about it. And he says Alex Jones and the white supremacists are saying go to the people's houses at Parkland and kill the parents. And we have to take him off the air but he says kill the parents. There's no free speech for killing parents. And I'm like, Dude, do not say that. I'm gonna get killed. I mean, I am never said nobody died at Parkland. I sure as hell didn't say kill their parents. Let's Let's kill now. Can you talk about fake news, they have green lighted making anything you can imagine up about me. And and it's like, insane. And that's all I'm saying is is that at a certain point, it's like Jesus. Again,

let's let's take this step by step. I'm sorry. It's okay, this and this, I want to give you an opportunity to communicate and clear the air and talk. And some of the shit that you and I talked about earlier. There's a bunch of things going on one, there's, it's a story that attracts people's attention. Right? A story of a guy who's saying that people didn't get killed when they did get killed. And it's horrific for people to look at. It's horrific to people to think about that their own children who not only get murdered, but then someone would accuse them of being a crisis actor. So then they start pushing that story. And that story becomes something that they make money off of, which is really in some ways kind of ironic, they keep this story in the news, and they keep getting clicks off of you. And misrepresenting some of the things that you've said, Yes. And just some of the things that you said you wish you hadn't set up to like that's that's also real.

But But I mean, let's be clear. I'm not even defending myself. People learn stuff. As you get older hindsight, you're like, Well, why did I do that? Like I used to whatever was the big hot thing on the internet. I would just debate it, because it was interesting,

but this is what I wanted to get to you. You were doing the show. And in the show, you're on the air hours and hours a day, and you're ranting about all these various things. Is it fair to say that you weren't really 100%? aware of what kind of influence you were having? Absolutely. If you did know, you would have phrased things differently and done things differently.

You know, it's even beyond that. I was just younger, and and I was covering what other people were saying I was not the first the 10 100 the 10,000 you're reading about it on the internet was a firestorm all over the news that people are denying it. And I've got producers going hey, look at this video.

But isn't that the problem with every single national tragedy? Anytime something happens, there's a certain amount of people that think that there's a conspiracy, even when it's just a plane crash, even when it's just what fill in the blanks any sort of national exactly

at an All I'm saying is Sandy hooks up the hill on dying on i i support people's right to question and understand because there's been so much lying in corporate media and by governments, and staged events that are admitted declassified, that once people see that one thing was staged, then everything else must be staged. And then I have been on the receiving end of literally 1000s of made up conspiracies, which you laugh at until people on a truck with guns show up. Yeah. And so I understand. Part of this is the complex world we live in all the information we have more than ever. And a lot of it is all the drugs people that are on. And it's just a lot

of it schizophrenics. This is a big problem. A big one. I mean, we were talking about the certain percentage of the wordings half of Brazil has the EU has the brain worm that makes you basically psychotic. Well, it doesn't make you psychotic and risk taking crazy. It affects your judgment. This is toxic programs. You'd want to have more cats Malpass. Yes, well, it definitely does that to rats, it actually reprograms rats brains, makes them sexually attractive. There's a bunch of parasites. Yes, there's a bunch of them and there's some that probably haven't even been identified. That's where the whole crazy cat lady thing comes from. Yes, that's exactly what it is. It's one of the reasons why they tell women when they're pregnant to stay the fuck away from cat litter. Don't touch cat litter. Don't get on with cats. Yes. You mean it's it can be actually fatal for babies. But what I'm trying to do they said kill the damn cash. Well, I'm

sure there's a lot of factors there right cheap old wives tales were like, you get demon possessed by that cat. And it really it's a damn

brain worm. But that's probably also why they

that's a real brain worm programming you like you were saying earlier? It's true. Look, that's true. I didn't know that. At the top soccer teams have the highest level of brain worm infestation?

Well, it's there's a disproportionate amount of current people that live in countries where the high toxoplasmosis infection was successful soccer teams. There was some study that was done on that, where we had Doctor

women that are more sexually promiscuous. Yeah, that they just it's

yes, it's recklessness. Yes. And they think the men are more reckless. And that's why there's a disproportionate amount of motorcycle victims that test positive for toxoplasmosis. This is where the Robert Sapolsky out of Stanford University was telling.

Is there a way to remove? I don't think, I don't think there is. Well, you know, there's like snails that get a brain worm that programs are at the top of a tree. So birds eat it. Yeah. And then and then it's crapped out and the snails eat that and then go and it's a food cycle. Yes, yes. So how don't tell me in classic evolution, and then ultimately, the interpretation by by right wingers of the Bible, that's not what it says. I mean, obviously, evolution happens a bit quick jumps, but we know what's going on. But the idea that just there's worms, and there's all these different while the one that gets into grasshopper,

the aquatic worm gets inside of a grasshoppers body and gets the grasshopper to commit suicide, gets the grasshopper to jump into water and drown. And then it comes out of its body. And that's where it lives. It lives in the water. So it literally gets its host to commit.

So how did that chain of events? How does that evolve? where suddenly a worm gets in a grasshopper? And does something a supercomputer couldn't do it be programmed to drown itself?

Well, this is a matter of complex biology. I mean, it's I think it's insanely complex. And it's something that scientists are studying on a daily basis. Coming

up, because I'm gonna, I don't want you to talk about me all day. And I appreciate you having me on here to do it. And I know, I don't have a talking point. I don't have a PR firm. You know, we even talked before went on air about what am I going to? You know, I mean, Alex, what do you want to say today, so you can help me get it out? I don't know I'm alive. I want to say a bunch of things. I'm only learning how this works. Being in the process of it. And it's given me a much bigger view than I knew 23 years ago when I first got on here. Because I've experienced what other people have said the bad things I did experience. I did it from a good heart. I believe questioning was okay. I was covering other people questioning. But then there's a weird, sick irony in the media that says that. I'm the one that pregenerated Sandy Hook didn't happen when I wasn't to that in my name, popularize it to a level of like they put out more than before you invade a major country. I mean, this has been going on for years. Every day, the news, the print, no one died at Sandy Hook. Alex Jones says Alex Jones has gone to their houses and hurt them what the hell's it for it goes on and on. And on and on?

Well, you're thinking this because it's about you. So because it's about you, it becomes a primary point of focus, because it's affecting your life and something that you're concentrating on. But the volume is massive. It is volume is massive, because it's something that generates interest. This is part of the problem with the way we do news today. Anything that generates interest. I mean, if the, honestly, if the media really cared, they probably would have never talked about it. They probably would have never brought it up that we

had real terror attacks of the 60s and 70s that weren't staged. We go back and look at him like the weatherman and all that stuff. And the government in the media didn't cover it. While this is a long time ago. But they didn't cover because it gives. If you cover terrorists, they do it more, right. That's true. I was agreeing with you. Yeah.

Okay, that's true. That's in other countries, they don't print the name of mass shooters in the newspaper, because they don't want people to get attention for that. Mean, some different cultures want to say, I

genuinely I've known you 20 years or so it's like 9098 99 I genuinely, really am trying to find the truth. And I realized that once I saw a bunch of declassified staged events, like Northwoods, or like Gladio, or Gulf of Tonkin, Gulf of Tonkin, or Jesse Smollett, I mean, I couldn't help but I knew he'd probably show me the day after it happened. I said, the guy's got a noose around his neck at 2am in Chicago and Tupac

has a noose in Chicago who's walking around with a noose who even knows how to write who knows how to make a news. Like who and the

cops show up 40 something minutes later, and he's like the door with a noose around his neck. Yeah.

It's fake. Yeah, but

sue me destroy me by it's fake. I can't help it. But see, the problem is that's the that's where the psychosis comes in. Because if you if you're a little kid, is I've been read more about psychology, trying to understand this stuff. If you're a little kid, and somebody with red hair, beat you and tortured you A man with red hair. I'm just hypothetical. We're going to not like guys with red hair. So it's kind of like or if you've been lied to as a kid, let it that's what creates mental illness later, right? So we've been lied to by the media and the corporate system and seeing all these fake hoaxes and you know, the fake stuff about Cavanaugh and the fakes about the Covington kids and the fakes of a small et Cie. That's now the public actually, here's what's happened. I'm getting huge backlash and small it it's not, it's not anyone who's given you backlash. listservs and the public are like, hey, smile, it's fake. The Covington kids are fake. Balaji Ford, and most of these women said it was all fake. So why are you saying Sandy hooks real? Everything's fake. It's like, No, dude. Everything's not fake. That's what I'm saying is the differentials gone? And so yeah, there's a bunch of fake stuff. And we have a right to question. But now, now then, now, the general public, my fans believe everything's fake.

But let me stop you there. I'm ranting. I just think it's okay. I want you to read this. But this is this is the nature of the beast. This is what you're selling to a lot of these people. This is why they're tuning into you. They want to hear you uncover conspiracies. And some of them aren't as bright as others. And some of them can't see logic. They don't see it. They don't understand

legitimately questioning. I don't just think everything's fake. I

know you don't. Listen, I think if you never talked about Sandy Hook, you'd have no problems. I really do believe that. I believe there would be problems. I think people would look down on you and call you a right wing lunatic and all sorts of other things, which they don't even know when I knew you. When I first knew you. You were getting arrested for going after George Bush. I remember when George, you were not a right. One question. Amira. Well, you were you were asking him a pertinent question about the CFR and his dad's drugs. Yes, exactly. Exactly. And this was a guy that was running for President, as a Republican and you you were getting arrested by Iran Contra CEFR. by Paul point is you weren't you weren't a tie to a party. You were trying to find the truth. And I always

when I when I aligned with Trump. That's when all hell broke loose. Yeah.

Yeah, that was part of it. I think that was definitely Hillary

admits. She looked at my whole bio and said Sandy Hook hit him on that

right now. Uh, do you still communicate with Trump?

Not in a while. And I, it becomes a big issue. I mean, I obviously communicate with surrogates and people to talk to Trump. I mean, Don, Jr. was on Tucker Carlson last night, they were talking about me and saying what happened, he's wrong. And the fact that they've used me as the way to start to casual society, and then, and then I'm gonna imagine they're never supposed to block somebody from banking, if they have a good record, it's not fraud. Here's a little story. I had an A plus plus rating with my shopping cart, and bank accounts that I had for 22 years. And banks looked at it and said, we've quite frankly, never seen anybody with a credit rating this high, because you never even do chargebacks with our shopping cart.

If people do that, what does that mean? chargebacks. Point is we have the best credit there is

a group out of Boston, which I'm not going to mention here for your show with things but we're preparing litigation against who does the ratings to secret rating system for like Taliban al Qaeda, the mafia, that's that's given to bank executives. Two days before Pay Pal bandits. They put a hate designation on the Southern Poverty Law Center, saying I'm basically a terrorist. So they call you a hate personality. It means a terrorist in Interpol. So all over the western world. I am listed and we would send documents out of England and out of the US that we were sent this by high level bank of people that are freaked out, we make contacts lawyer checks that they can't believe it. They have designated me as an international terrorist. And that's how they took five of my six bank accounts and got me down to one bank account with perfect credit. Xiang, you cannot take money on your shopping cart and foursquare.com for your products, T shirts, books, whatever, you aren't allowed to be in commerce because you are a terrorist. And what

are they used to define terrorist?

Ah, it's classified symbols and we got some of the document H is hate. H is hate, and then just decide

arbitrarily that you're a hateful person that you promote hate. No

judge, no jury, it's the global Chinese social score. That's what they're all testing for here.

This is what we're talking about. That's very important. This is actually dangerous. This is actually dangerous to give people the ability to define people without any strict rigid qualifications without anything that you can point to on paper.

If I was a convicted murderer and got out of prison, I started online store and sell T shirts. But if I was Charlie Manson, he had like four TV specials on on on, you know, CBS on 60 minutes, and I was a kid I was Charlie Manson. I don't think

he was allowed to get paid. For those though. I think that was part of the thing because of he's involved in

well, we'll surely have laws on that. But the point is, he would do Geraldo Rivera shows. The point is Hitler basically was the number one thing on the History Channel when they first launched it, so you can hear what Hitler has to say. Even though we know he's a bad guy. Well, why can't you and Alex Jones has to say because they have found what I talked about as effective that gets people thinking and they want it shut down because we've We've relaunched populism Infowars has done this, my audience has 1776 worldwide populism, anti globalism, anti communism, anti China, and the big tech companies. Google and Apple and all of them have publicly moved to China. And they publicly agreed to censor and control the population isn't the news. And that's why Tim Cook got so mad at me. And I made a huge issue to Trump. And I shouldn't reports the president, I know he got that. That's what happened on that Sunday night, when they said, That's it, we're done with Jones, we have to take him down. Because I got investigations going at the national security level, sending big reports the president through law firms of Reuters, and AP, and then the articles, which he wasn't getting where China has given the code keys by Apple last year, and is moving their database there. And all the code keys have been given to the Chinese government. And Apple says it's just part of being there. And Google's building, dragonfly project helps them to the entire population, with a social credit score, they're already testing Venezuela with China, they're gonna bring it here and everything you do and live down will be controlled. And you know, all the big airlines now are putting cameras in that watch you while you're on, let

me stop you because you rent and again, that's okay. You think they're using Sandy Hook as an excuse to get you off the air and to censor you and to take away your ability to make income not because of that, but using that as an excuse, because of the other things you do? Oh, they like targeting things like Google and talking about things that you're talking about where they're in China and China's allow, they're allowing China to censor the population.

I'm just telling you, I'm not against Google or Apple. They've done a lot of cool things. I'm saying stop it. Congress told you 10 years ago, you were built here in the US with DARPA money, don't go help China do this stuff. Don't be evil. Well,

let me tell you something. Because I knew someone who worked at Google, I know someone who used to work at Google, I should say, their thought process was that Google is going if they don't bring Google to China in a censored form. They're gonna copy Google, this was their real, the real worry, because China copies everything. I mean, their intellectual copy, I'm gonna steal it better now. True. But this is what they're saying. We think about that job. But let me let me explain something from the point of view of Google as a business. And I don't necessarily, I'm not saying I agree with this, because I don't explore apple juice, get some apple juice in your system, fella. They were thinking, this is what I was talking to a woman who was a very high level executive. And she was saying that they're going to steal it. If we don't work with them. They're just going to steal Google and take the code and make their own version of it. So them as a business, they're like, this is inevitable, they're going to do it anyway. We're just going to give in to their censorship demands. I don't agree with it. I don't think it's a good idea. But I don't know what I would do. If I was Google. I'll tell them. You'll tell what I'll tell Google tissue. What should they do for China?

You're dead on what that person told you. When I had the globalist 15 years ago, 20 years ago, tried to buy me off 10 million a year, you know, whatever. By the way, cheers, cheers, bye. Anyway, when they did all that. When they did all that, what were they trying to do? Who was trying to lie? Oh, well, I can't get into their private meetings. And it's it's journalistic stuff on record. But everybody gets business offers. Like, Alex, you're going to influence things by being on the inside. If you don't join this, it helps save the planet and do all these big things. My dad got the same speech when he was in high school at UT Atlanta. Let me tell you about that. We'll get to that later. But if you don't join us, then the bad guys that are in the system are going to win. That's how they co opted because that's how those people you're talking to a probably pretty good person, that person at Google. They've had hundreds of their top engineers quit over this because here's the thing. China in 1949, was nationalist and anti capitalist. And our own CIA has been declassified, left us the Ford Foundation that was above the CIA helped put the chai cones and power. It took them decades to get running water and toilets. They have no environmental standards, no rules, they've had all of our investment. They've been built up because the Chinese Communist will do whatever the globalist want. When you go and you are in China, they make you become state run to get 0% tax corporate. Okay, that's what Trump's trying to lower ours just to be competitive. China has 0% corporate tax, look it up. Now. If you become state sponsored state run show, they're claiming Oh, so that China doesn't rape us of our technology, we're gonna go over there and spread our legs to them even more. So it's not a rape, we're willing, and we're going to take you along with us. So the idea that, well, if we don't give it to them, they're just gonna rip it off. So let us go really give them all the big secrets, and have Google last year tell the Pentagon, we're not going to help you with AI autonomous drones. But Google gave them all the latest AI and getting more sophisticated stuff at the moment. Gave them all the sophisticated AI and now China on the Officers they've got all these AI drones that are autonomous and all these AI weapons systems erector aircraft. So what I'm telling you is China has no rules. 20 years ago, they had cows that produce human milk. 20 years ago, they had spiders that produce body armor spider goats, okay? They have human animal hybrids. 30 years ago, they've got giant human tissue farms. You know, you hear oh, your Achilles is torn. We've got a grown a lab attendant. It's not a frickin 10 and grown a lab. It's a frickin deal, humanoid. These aren't humans. The way they get around it is they made him and when we're

when we're seeing so many things. This is listen, I love you to death. But you sent a million dollars. I believe they are. But you say so many different things without stopping. It's hard because

the reporting agencies so they'll listen to investigate. I'm decompartmentalize okay, but it will be studied for years.

So with

No, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Yes, Joe. It was in MIT quarterly 25 years ago that they had human animal embryos but they killed him at the embryonic level. I can look it up. I believe they've got humanoids. I

believe this they've been they look they've already use CRISPR to enhance children with higher intelligence. Yes. And shadow was actually it was a side effect. They believe intelligence HIV was something about HIV immune to HIV. Oh, yes.

Everything they were allowed has already been tested. Oh, I believe you, but it has an aim. So let me tell you what's really going on. The globalist want to play God. They have what they call a breakaway civilization. So instead, we saw that the breakaway civilization was about Sandy Hook, which I get I appreciate you letting me cover. And I'm sorry, it never happened. I believe that happened. I'm sorry for people's pain. And then I asked the families and I asked the lawyers and I asked them all stop in My name, saying I'm the wolf of the door, Shang go after these families, and stop running around to the news everywhere saying Alex Jones says Sandy Hook didn't happen. Because the media habits media is the most unpopular thing in the world with 7% approval rating and Gallup. So when they say that I say it's fake, that sends people to Connecticut, because people think the media lies. So if they're saying Alex Jones said it didn't happen, it must have not happened. And now they're trying to create a violent event, not the families, but I think some of the people involved know that they make a big enough hype about it. They're gonna have a big event up there in Connecticut, you understand? And they're gonna blame it on me. So I'm saying no, no, no, I believe it happened. Stop saying I said it didn't happen. And stop saying that. I'm saying no kids died. Because I want to talk about human animal hybrids and humanoids. Because Joe, why is it got to be a humanoid? Why? Because if you make it a few percentage points, another animal or another creature, it's a gray area, there's no human rights, you have an animal rights movement, you have a human rights movement. There's no alien movement. Aliens are real. They're creating human animal hybrids that are a new creature never here on Earth. It's alien. So the aliens are already here. AI is alien to the kind of mirrors or alien aliens are already here.

So you're saying they're making these human animal hybrids? So they would harvest tissue from them?

That's just level one.

What's level two? What's level eight?

Because a lot, I'll tell you a lot for the best of my knowledge. A lot of people think, oh, it's it's human harvesting a follow on Gong, are these Buddhists really healthy? That's big that's going on, because they still have a better non rejection rate. But with the Camira us, I remember 22 years ago, reading a BBC article that was kind of testing the waters they occasionally tested. And they go, oh, yeah, about 15 years ago, the first animal human kind of ears were made and tested, they were not brought to term. But some scientists want to implant them in utero in cows. Because that's a bigger uterus, you can grow up a bigger humanoid and get more tissue. And so then I went MapInfo research that. So I went to UT library at that time, you could get some of the internet like 9096. And I wouldn't actually pulled up all these MIT reports, I took them to my dad, other people whose doctor, and they go, Yeah, that's really crazy. And it was all about how we've got to prepare the public for this because we're going to be able to download their memories, and then put it into body. This is before Blade Runner. So see, it's not like this is the the world's on imitating Blade Runner, Blade Runner is a preparation for what's coming. And they're telling you more human than human, this is going to be more advanced, this is going to be better. But like everything, like a cell phone, or like a vaccine, it's got a Trojan horse, it's got a backdoor. It's already been tested, it's already been perfected. It's being rolled out. You're not given the real technology, you're not given the real life extension, you're given the crap Joe, and the earth is seen as like an egg yolk to give the propulsion power for this new thing that's going to be born. And whether you believe that or not just

like when the new thing meeting artificial intelligence beyond that

it's a function of artificial intelligence, and a whole synthesis of new life forms. So that's the big giant race when Elon Musk came in and told you because he goes these billionaire functions and he has a conscience so he's freaked out and they Got these billionaire functions don't just know this. I've talked to people and I was in Wired magazine 20 something years ago why the future doesn't need us Bill Joy, a billionaire co owner, Sun Microsystems. He goes to a billionaire meeting with two other guys. And the consensus was, we're not gonna people play video games and party all day, we're going to set up a world government, we're going to slowly titrate the dose employees in the public, dumbed down, put electromagnetic radiation out with 5g that scrambles their DNA lowers their IQ, we're going to cause massive mental illness and a controlled societal collapse that will then be organized and controlled in the Mapa crew by robots controlled by the globalist programmers who believe with the offworld entities they're in communication with that they're going to be given the operation to upload and be in that larger kind of Borg cube system. Okay, here. They sell the country

you got to hit the brakes because I need to take this back. So I'm so baffled. What's

one of these things?

Am I MIT Technology Review estimates that about 20 pregnancies of pig human or sheep human chimera as have been established during the last 12 months in the US total? I was in 2016. I 100% believe it? Look, I think that

this was going on in 1985. I'm sure they tried to recruit my dad to a DARPA program. I believe that in college that when he was a dentist,

I believe that I believe that they will take all sorts of liberties in great scientific research. I definitely believe you ever see Trinity and beyond but hold William Shatner on but let's let's start slow because you're

different packs and bombs trying to ignite the atmosphere. Yeah, and then I can 60s Oh, no, no, the US Air Force tried to destroy the atmosphere in 1968. Yes.

Operation Starfish Prime they actually take a nuclear product they adopted the detonated nuclear bomb in the upper on the blow up and ran on radiation. Yes, they've done a lot of goofy chips that's the thing that's why I got mad at you and I love you you're a smart guy and everything is listen you got mad and

all this stuff. I know you're even better at saying it and then you sit there because you can't handle it and you shake

it it's not that I can't handle it it's there's two factors one I don't have any time I don't have enough time to go into it as much as you do us

why flips out and got mad at you. That's it right there. You every time I bring up a fucking subject you know all about it. I don't know all about fucking know all about I don't know. Oh shit. You're a smart guy. Hi, Joe, Joe, just as a pot bullshit. You know exactly what you're doing. Don't think you're a bad guy. You're trying to survive for you and your family and do good. Okay, but your family, your family, none of us are gonna make it there's a post human error coming the breakaway civilization the deal has been made. It's not it's not the third dimension. They've made frickin deals with interdimensional aliens. Okay. And notice media never asked for that. Because that's the truth. Maybe this is true. I do not know this. And we'll get into it. Okay, I

do not know this. And even these human pig hybrids. Jamie just pulled this up. I believe it's true.

I mean, I'm worried about Amridge I'm sorry, the Sandy Hook kids died. My identity is not that I get it. They admit 5g and all the studies LA Times causes massive mutation and cancer. Wait a minute, when it really rattles your DNA apart? All of our kids are under attack. You mean, I'm mad at Trump for allowing 5g to come in? This is the new internet. You know, they will let China put in WaPo you know, Major? That's the big Chinese are on fire today. No. Gee, you're on fire. Oh, Joe. Joe, the 5g. You're on fire. Okay, fire. The article in 96. About human animal hybrids with pigs and cows. Yes, you got to make the park cow. So the cow keeps you doesn't reject it? Or pick. Okay, but let me expand and you know about pigs and rats were most closely related to this. It was chimpanzees. That's why a lot of the organs don't get rejected. Okay. You know about that?

Yes. Okay. So pigs are very close to humans even use pig organs and peas.

Usually whoever they show. No, it's true. I mean, you know, in a general knowledge, you know, everything I know. No, no, no, I

don't listen, let me tell you. This is literally

I wish we know what they're doing. So just like they say, just like they say, oh, yeah, we had human animal hybrids. This is like frickin 39 years ago now. 23 years ago. I'm reading in the BBC about it and go confirm a test. Okay, and they're just floating. There was an article in 1999 in the Baltimore Sun. And I interviewed Nick because you know, I got a boy who is his dad was a US congressman. I got killed his brother, US senator. He likes to have him on the show. They're the guys that got all the money given to Native Americans. Can you spell his last name? Beckett chips? It's good friend of mine. Can I get them on apps? A frickin will fly right now. Anyways, the point is, so what does he do? He was telling me all these years ago he goes Alex, it isn't chemicals in the food water. That's baggage chat. It's a gym. It's electrochemical. Okay, it's electrochemical but I'm reading in the Baltimore Sun after I just had him on I thought it was crazy. He's give me all these patents for mind control using wavelength Extra microwaves. And I'm sitting there looking at it, and I'm reading it. And I'm seeing it. And the Baltimore Sun says, The CIA is testing on cell towers, wavelengths to calm the public during crises. I just had baggage on with Patton's talking about that. What Beckett's explains is, it's not that the microwaves have somehow interfaced with the brain. We already interface with the space winds, and all these other magnetic fields, and everything else show they're all just testing this stuff. And so everything they deploy, they've got all these other technologies. My dad was at UT and 65, when he was in high school, they already had CD ROMs, computers, everything, but they had a nuclear reactor underneath the building and what folks tell them. Oh, absolutely. That's what I'm telling you. It's a breakaway civilization do we don't know what they got? We don't know. We don't know who they are. We don't know the whole thing. That's what I'm telling you is this is hiding in plain view. And that's why it's so crazy. Imagine if you knew all this, you're trying to tell people and they go, Oh, God, he's doing that find one thing he did that sounds mean, and make that his whole world. So that's what I'm telling you is it's been in the newspaper that the cell towers are being used for mind control. That sounds like a schizophrenic. So see, here's the here's what schizophrenia want to see that how do they use the cell towers? Hello, probably look, here's the thing, skits. Let's see, here's the deal. Right here. You got a total schizophrenic that thinks the son is following around town and thinks their dog is watching them and works for the aliens. That's not happening. You got someone over here. Someone over here that believes everything they see on Fox News? Yes. Okay. Yes. Now questioning is good. Science is good trying to figure out what's real. Yes. And all of us get freaked out the nature of the world. No one knows what the universe is. We don't have all the answers. So it kind of people can't handle that bigness. They can't handle that question, especially low IQ. So they have to differentiate and create a model that allows them to put it in boxes so they can make it makes sense, because they can't handle it. It's like a, like, let's say even top astronauts spacewalk for the first time and they're out in the universe, and the whole planets under him. And what are they going to do they it's mind blowing? Well, imagine once you realize we don't know everything we don't understand. And it's endless. And there's all this crazy crap, people go nuts. And as humans learn more and more, as we become more advanced over this metamorphosis, it's going to create a giant societal crisis, where most of the people are already going to get killed. The globalist understand that in the birth of this planet, this new species. And so they decided to take control, making scientific stun everyone and dial them down. So they can scientifically try to orderly carry this operation out. But then I go, Wait a minute, you're detonating over 100 hydrogen bombs in the upper atmosphere to see if you could ignite the atmosphere and destroy the Earth. Yeah, but that was in the 60s. I know. But what I'm telling you is the same professors train people.

But those people are dead, the people that detonated those hydrogen bombs in the 60s, they're dead now. That's not we're not dealing with the same human beings. I'm with you. I

know people in a lot of ways are more immoral. Now.

I think I agree with you in some ways that everything evolves and things get better. This is one of my arguments about Operation Northwoods that if they were able to push Operation Northwoods and get it signed by the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1962. Was it 62? Yes, if they were able to do that, and no one went to jail. No one got arrested for proposing that they were going to arm Cuban friendlies and have them bomb Guantanamo Bay and blow up a Cuban jetliner and and shoot people in the theater. Yes. And schools. Yes, that things evolve, things evolve. And if unchecked, and obviously that was unchecked. No one went to jail for that no one got,

you know, even PBS covered it like I never even knew this here. Let's

read this one here. The significance of the research, he explained is that although the cell phone power is low electromagnetic radiation can nevertheless have an effect on mental behavior when transmitting at the proper frequency. What is this article Jamie, scientific,

American, and Scientific American, it's titled mind control by cell phone.

So it really does have an effect. They did a whole study. Let's go further. So there is so what do you think that they're making this classified

last year? A 37 Page CIA manual from the 1970s where they were putting up cell towers that looked like trees already testing at neighborhoods, okay, the cell phone tracks you and watches you and controls you and surveil you, you think that it's one way but beyond that, it's a microwave relay relay system that can manipulate and then the towers are even more powerful. So this is a device given to us by the gods. Okay, given to us by the technology that that the breakaway government NASA has developed that you don't just think they made up themselves right.

What do you mean who do you think made it up?

Well, when you're ready to get to it, I want listeners to understand something I notice notice that God is not going to cover this. The meat is not what the cover that was on the show. They're not going to cover this the meat okay, because this is not my opinion. This is the real research that I have heard that that I I've talked to army generals, commanding generals, major generals, general generals, CIA, everybody, and they're all 100%. And I thought it was a psyop before and then I've researched and I've talked to hundreds of people now, not on air, but I'm gonna make a film on this, who've taken ayahuasca and DMT, I've not taken it, and B, for obvious reasons. And and it's unbelievable, because I mean, they 100% in San Francisco, is the main project site, literally have an alien base, and they are literally communicating. And they've got like astronaut level people, taking super hardcore levels of drugs, and going into meetings with these things and making intergalactic deals. And that and again, that's what the government believes it says they're doing. When

you say the government, that's a broad stroke, you're painting, you're using a broad brush, like what do you mean, by the

way? Rogue intelligence agents? Okay, so

what you're saying is essentially, that they're using psychedelic drugs to communicate with interdimensional beings. All right. Spirit guides, Okay, everyone, everyone who's done a high dose of psychedelic drugs has had this experience. So everyone who's listening to you right now, who's done DMT, or done five grams of psilocybin, they know that this is a you have some kind of communication with something else. The question is, is that something else inside your psyche? Or is that something else a chemical? Or is there a chemical doorway inside the mind that opens up in the belief is that when you die, that this is the what the afterlife is that when you die, your brain redeems, produces these chemicals, these chemicals open up this doorway, and this is the portal to the next dimension. So you're saying, you're saying that the government is aware of this, they must be aware of this? I've heard enough people talk about it, they must have done experiments on it. What is the universe for sure. And people that have the courage to experiment with these things and try them themselves realize that this is such a profound experience that it is, it's so alien, that if an alien landed right now in our parking lot, and a little gray man with big black eyes got out, it would be nothing compared to what I've seen on psychedelic trips? Well, let

me just tell you, me getting into this show is just because people need to understand that I don't know about this for a long time. And I just don't think people are ready for it. But a lot of folks who have low oxygen, and who and I hope brains, well, well who have sleep apnea, Big Macs, big heads, tongues go by, like you and me, you got out of 62% Oxygen. That's another time that the brain releases DMT show my whole life since I was about my first memories were every night was a DMT trip. So I basically I don't want this to sound arrogant. It's not I've seen everything. Well,

I believe that when you're dreaming, it's most likely the same chemicals that are being released. Well,

the key point is, when you go into the REM sleep, it opens the gate, which scientists have proven your brain is working in the fourth, fifth, sixth dimension. And if you can work into those dimensions, you can see beyond it so it's what I'm trying to tell you is this. I know you already know all this show your audience, here's what's happening. I'm not saying you're bad. I never said you were in the CIA. I say the CIA is on record with Timothy Leary, and everybody promoting hallucinogens. In the 60s, they admitted that it was a plan to try to see what it would do in the public to make them more suggestible. But there's a larger program, and then they kind of backed off because it kind of got out of control and actually created some some people that were actually fighting them so so it didn't have the effect. They want it. So then they moved on, to the Ayahuasca, the DMT that they promoted, which good strong people that have accomplished don't have problems with the weak minded, stupid people and others. Here's an example. This guy is smart. Eric, man, cow Mueller syndicated radio host I've known him like 15 years. He just lost me. Well, I'm gonna tell you the story. You said He's smart. He's a nice guy. I'm just kidding. He's a smart guy. Don't be me. I've

been on this show before. He likes he likes you. I like him to just walking around.

He will everybody's everybody's on this quest. And I told you, I've talked to like, 100 people. I've talked to more. A lot of people are going to do in these DMT and ayahuasca trips outside Austin. They're doing them all over the place. Yes. And I'm on the show. He's told me the same story. Everybody tells you about being in Peru or being Costa Rica. He went to two trips down there. And he said, Yeah, we're sitting there and we take the ayahuasca and then all these basically elves aliens come out of the woods and we're all seeing the same aliens. We're all hearing the same thing. And it's like 43 of us or whatever seeing and he goes, but it was the drugs effect on our brains. No, no, a drug everyone sees something different when you open a gate. And now inter dimensionally your brain is already filtering out most stuff because you can't handle it. Your eyes are already seeing it like a cat what it's like seeing something in our dog.

Well, you know, when they first identified, there's certain there's certain components to ayahuasca, and one of them is harming. And when they first identified it, they tried to call it telepathy and the reason why they call it telepathy and because when they were taking Ayahuasca they were in these group experiences that were undeniable they were they were experiencing like very vividly the same things.

And so the government's obviously obsessed with this and isn't worried about but here's

the problem. Here's the problem that that term the government are you talking about the post office No. Police officers I was talking with the fire department I'm talking about real ruling Technotronic But who are these people but I think the government is a shitty term. I know who they are. Okay, but that that term the problem with that term is it lumps you into like, know that Mel Gibson movie conspiracy theory was a wacky dude who's driving a cab believed in fucking tinfoil hat type she'd been tortured. Yes, exactly. be compartmentalized. Yes. But but that kind of stuff. When you say the government is doing it, like who is doing this? Who's working on these experiments? We don't have to say names. No, no, no, here's,

obviously you can maybe you want to say the governor, I'll tell you it's a broad brush. But you know, you're right. It's dumb to say the government. And the big question is Who runs things? That's a smart question.

That's the thing is the day when everybody says they don't want you to know Do you remember that fucking guy who is ripping people off like weight loss secrets that they don't want you to know Kevin Trudeau and they put him in jail for that. He's in jail right now cuz he won't give up the money because he's got a pile of cash somewhere. And he said he would do that they would they I think they said,

Kevin Trudeau I think is a con man. I've met him a few times. very manipulative, but I think he has a right to say healthcare cures or natural cures. I don't know about.

There are some there are some but the point is they don't look I have some love in my heart for Kevin Trudeau because he started the international pool tour. He was he was putting a lot of money into professional

cool, yeah, but I mean, the oxycontin company, the documents came out. She said, We're gonna totally addict people, and then we're going to show them drugs to get off of it. Yes, that's pure frickin. So lock up. And then we'll get to Kevin Trudeau later I agree with and I'm not even defending him today, because I met with Evergreen a few times. I know about him. And it was like he was 100% about him and a one way street.

Well, I didn't get that experience with him with me and him just talked about pool. I was doing some stuff with him. When he was first starting the pool tour, I came to a couple of his events. But he that they this thing

is like you always have a good way of asking questions instead of saying who runs it? All right. You wait till I do the cliche, the government and you correct me. And

what I'm doing is playing devil's advocate. And I'm also looking at it from the perspective

of our students or our editor. Okay, let's let Johnny come to No, no, no, no, not yet.

Do you want him to come at two instead of one?

Whenever you want. I'm gonna text. Let me let me try to be clear. I'm having a good time with you. I just want to be clear, I can't say all have this on here. Okay. Okay. And I'm gonna leave it at that. But I'm on record 20 years ago, before anybody else was talking about the clockwork elves. And now the globalist think they're in touch with these entities and things, only because I don't want to get I'm not the CIA. The CIA is bigger than Coca Cola. It's and it's like bigger than Walmart. I've never been an intelligence agency. I've never been a part of any of this stuff. But I had family that was in advanced DARPA research projects that I don't know all the details about. And when I was a kid, my dad told me about some of it not knowing I'd be a talk show Slayer. But like when the Deputy Director of the CIA told he came to my dad, okay, show my dad was like the doctor to you know, these guys. And I remember sitting on the kitchen table, and I'm like, seven, he's like, Carol, I can't tell you all about it. But it's a classified program in Maryland and underground base, and they won't give me all the details, but it's double the money I'm making. Now this is for national security. But I think it's basically, you know, we're gonna we're building cyborgs. And we've got special forces that have volunteered, we can infiltrate the Russians and get to codes and systems and I believe it's implanting, but messages in their teeth. And I and I also think as I do implants, I think it's a brain surgery program for microchips. And so I'm hearing about Carol's like, David, I'm sick of these people. And you've already done so much for the government. And look what they've already done to you and a man my my brother, you're not going to be you know, I want you out of this. So this is like, you know, seven, eight years old, you're not hearing about that. You're hearing about the cyborgs. Okay. Okay, so So that's the kind of stuff that I grew up seeing. And, you know, oh, let's go get your uncle. He's coming off a C 130. You know, Army day and an army uniform from Guatemala. You know, there's like armed guys with machine guns. I mean, I don't know. Okay. And I don't need to know. Okay, the point is, is that's what I grew up, you know, the type of stuff I saw. And my dad never told me about All this stuff when I was older till it was like 12 years ago, and I was finishing in game blueprint for global enslavement, that's free still online. And it's all about the World Government and now the cell phones watching you and everything's, everything's proven in it, it didn't come true was already true. And the plan for one world government and don't have kids and all that and attack on the family. And we're gonna go to ballet recital for like my three year old daughter, she's like 14 now or whatever. And they sit down for like an hour and watch the end of the film's three hour film. And my mom goes, tape it, that's not true. He goes, Yes, it's all true. When I was in junior in high school, they recruited me out of the program there. And they brought us in, they said the Nazis were wrong, because they were only targeting certain groups. We're gonna target everybody. And so planetary breakaway and World Government and blah, blah, blah, there's a nuclear reactor under UT. And also stuff, which later when research is actually true. It's not even hidden. But the point is, it's not that my dad was even that special. They my dad was like, the score like the six smartest in Texas. And they had a group of less than 10 kids. And they brought him in as juniors in high school and said, we're going to do all this, like they recruited him because I want to be a NASA that's why more than NASA. Sure. So when Eddie gets in here, because Because Eddie's right, NASA has a big secret group. It's the other side of the breakaway government. There's the CIA breakaway government. 1947. And there's Kennedy setting up nasa 1961. So there are two different competing breakaway governments and those are the real governments of the US when you say by breakaway governments, what do you mean? Breakaway governments breakaway civilizations. It's the real groups that are like the cult, you say, Who are they? They're scientists, cults who are based on your psychic ability and on your IQ, and then on your commitment to the program. And so the program starts with when you go and check black people with syphilis for a greater cause. Or will you do research programs on babies where we tell poor women that oh, your baby died right when they were born early to keep the baby alive and sometimes kill them sometimes harvest them sometimes do experiments on it. So that's why they've got a lot of nurses have noticed now that babies disappear at birth. They tell them oh, your baby died. That's why the governor said who's actually organ harvesting, doctor. He goes, we keep the babies in love every bone, have a discussion. They are getting caught now because we'd be compartmentalized. Waiting when

I'm confused. What you're seeing just never ends. Yeah. What do you say about babies? Like what are they doing with babies?

You saw the governor of Virginia che we keep babies alive after they're born and kill them. Right?

Well, I didn't see them comfortable. I am very, very concerned with late term abortions.

Post birth Joe, do you understand post birth how much money do you think they get? With a seven and a half pound baby they can keep alive for two weeks and mom and dad know so if they can register the organs and get betters boy to me your DNA can make 500,000 When they kill on the spot only gets 50

grand but he was saying that they take the baby from the mother and the mother doesn't know that the baby is alive.

Yeah, you know how they engineer tomatoes the last on the shelf? Yes. You can pull all this up. California has passed it. Assuming Virginia. Virginia is about to pass in New York trying to pass it California trying to pass in three other states trying to pass it to keep babies alive and allow notice the governor goes we don't want this three minute clip pulled up. We don't want the government involved the doctors and the mother who's drugged up didn't say that. We're gonna decide about the future and maybe she keeps maybe alive a week. Maybe she sad to get rid of baby.

Wait a minute, is this a viable baby there's nothing wrong with this baby viable

the Senate voted three days ago on Monday to not pass the bill for post birth abortion to not kill livable post. Bernie says viable babies already born can be killed. If the bioethics for I bet you 10 million is probably up, Jamie, we gotta figure it I know the listeners won't believe me

when she posts about this, but it says that he did. It's been taken out of context

is that Media Matters. Snopes. Huffington

Post says that Snopes says it's mostly false.

Huffington Snopes said, well,

once you do this shaming, sort, Jamie, go to YouTube, go to the source of the governor. Go to YouTube and type in governor of Virginia talks about post birth abortion. Watch the unedited three minute video How do you call it abortion if

it's already been born? Well, that's what Trump said.

He said. He said a month ago when this first broke, he said I see the left is so compartmentalized. I'm not saying you're the left mainstream media, whatever. We're so censored now. They're making their move right now. Who's they? The globalist technocracy, the mad scientist, the guys that are wanting to learn the secrets the universe is probably already saying.

So what you're saying is a lot of this censorship

of one mill I don't have 10 million. I will give before God and country to Jamie's say, I'm not kidding. I will give $1 million to your charity of choice. Wow, no, no, listen to me, the children. I will give you $1 million. If you can prove that I'm making up that the governor said we keep babies alive after they're born, we keep them comfortable. And then it turns out he's an organ harvesting thing. And that's what they're doing. So they keep babies alive. Don't go to Snopes go to the governor, go to the governor of Virginia. And that's why they went ahead and Bernie for the black face, but they're using the blackmailing. They aren't that same guy. Yeah, same guy. As soon as he sadly, as soon as Trump and we all covered it. As soon as he tweeted. He said, Yes, we're getting rid of babies after they're already born.

You don't want to know already figured out what George Soros is putting in it right.

Now, I mean, oversimplify that immediately. I know.

I know. I

said they've weaponized marijuana into an hallucinogen category. So it causes more schizophrenia.

I think it does. I said that tears gonna coordinate Yeah, I think it does.

People I love friends who are already susceptible. Yes. And the weed so strong that they start thinking that I'm wearing swastika shoes.

No, listen, I agree with you on that. I mean, I think I've sent

Alpha types needed to not have a heart attack. Well, I don't know if I need

to smoke pot with you in that in that bathroom shooting a video like as a joke like 20 years ago. Yeah. Then I said it makes me paranoid. Yeah, that was funny. Joe the only time we were wearing fucking George Bush and George Bush Senior Master dancing around the Capitol. Fun times devalue the paste in the song that you wrote you at that fucking song about it.

Jamie, Jamie, this is I will give $1 million. You don't have to give any money. But will I believe you I just want a little bit. I have skin in the game. I can pull it up on my phone.

I believe you. I mean, he's gonna find it. We'll listen to it. You don't have to we're listening to you.

And then he uses these arguments. He uses these arguments. He does well, sometimes maybe. Sometimes the baby is the phone. No, they want the organs. And so who saw the Planned Parenthood videos out of Texas in California, two years ago that Project Veritas others got where they're saying I'm getting a yellow Ferrari. Man, I'm making hundreds of 1000s off each baby week with partial birth. They keep the baby alive. They take it in the bag. And then they have a van pull up that takes it to a Chinese government run facility in the US and they got the soccer this

listen to this. After birth abort this. Is this. Alex? Yeah. Okay to hearing

yesterday when Fairfax County delegate Kathy Tran made her case for lifting restrictions on third trimester abortions as well as other restrictions now in place. And she was pressed by a Republican delegate about whether her bill would permit an abortion even as a woman is essentially dilating, ready to give birth. And she answered that it would permit an abortion at that stage of labor. Do you support her measure and explain her answer?

Yeah, and I, you know, I wasn't there. Julie, and I certainly can't speak for delegate Tran. But I will tell you, one. First thing I would say this is why decisions such as this should be made by providers, physicians, and the mothers and fathers involved.

Notice he's usurping law, their whole plan is bioethics in a minute, let

them live. It's only to

mothers and fathers that are involved. There are you know, when we talk about third trimester abortions, these are done with the consent of obviously the mother of with the consent of the physicians more than one physician, by the way. And it's done in cases where there may be severe deformities, there may be a fetus that's non viable. So in this particular example, if a mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen. The infant would be delivered, the infant would be kept comfortable. The infant would be resuscitated, if that's what the mother and the family desired. And then a discussion would ensue between the physicians and the mother. So So I think this was really blown out of proportion. But again, we want the government not to be involved in these types of decisions. We want the decision to be made by the mothers and their providers. And this is why, Julie that legislators, most of whom are men, by the way shouldn't be telling a woman what she should and shouldn't be doing with her body. And

do you think multiple physicians should have to weigh in as is currently required? She's trying to lift that requirement?

Well, I think it's always good to get a second opinion and for at least two providers to be involved in that decision, because these decisions shouldn't be taken lightly. And, and so you know, I would certainly support more than one provider. All right, let's go back to the phone. Wow, that's

a weird thing that she just kind of let him say,

like to the rough start.

But hold on a second. It's what's weird is that the she was they were talking about resuscitating the baby, they would keep the baby alive, then the decision would be made. Isn't that that's like euthanasia. Like you can't get a grant. Well, you're

so smart gentlemen, because

you're asked, but you can't do that to your Grammy. Right, your Grammys, like 80 years old, you can't you can't just kill her. Well,

Newsweek cover the case for killing or any they say that. So let me explain. Now you've got it. Did you hear that legalese? Turns out when I saw that clip a month ago, because they had a debate about the bill, right? And they said, Yeah, we'll kill babies after they're born. And they're debatable how how far along? Well, whatever the doctors say. But it's jurisprudence, there's law, you can't do that. So this is saying, Oh, the government not involved. This is the medical system usurping if they can kill a baby after it's born. Because sometimes they deformed you don't see that sometimes the phone. Here's the key. Notice, he said we resuscitate. They don't consider you alive till the bioethics board says that you're a viable human. And under the bioethics in Europe and of the UN now, which is all Nazi by the way, the EU was set up by the Nazis. Volkswagen, I'm not against Volkswagen itself, but that that was literally drawn the first of all affected by Hitler out at the Olympic symbol. I mean, Hitler was a really bad dude. But he literally so much of our world's government, him, NASA, everything. They had a system where they first killed babies, they thought were deformed. That was 1934. And the final solution happened like six, seven years later. And so he's saying, because they've got a big problem. They've got undercover videos, they're keeping babies alive. You want to pull those up, I might be missing. There's dozens. So they've got to start getting it going now with Governor physicians and people to go because the nurses are freaking out. And they're saying we're keeping babies alive. And they get put in the van and drive away what's going on there. To come to show the babies worth $500,000, who's paying in the chain of delivery, just on time delivery. I mean, each organ is worth a lot of money. And so but but if you kill them right on the spot, they're like, why are we wasting this seven pounds of meat. So see if they can keep them alive. And now they've built these new wings. They've built new eggs, I can ship hot, but they have wings. Where they go, Oh, we consider the baby dead. The mother decided it didn't live. If she decides we resuscitate and it lives. But it didn't resuscitate its flesh. It's illegal ease. It's passed into a special ward with doctors that make a few million a year. And a little, little flesh ball is kept alive and comfortable. Until all the orders come in the planes land and they take the organs. Then they take the blood and they take the skin Joe. You see our word. Now you know with his voice No, no but see is a southern love and voice. You see my dad knew organ harvesters in Dallas. And he said don't sign your organ donor card. They've got corrupt hospitals where if you're totally viable, they take your organs Oh geez. And then I said Dad you're crazy but didn't say that organ donor card. And then my dad owned a hospital to indels then when I was deck a decade later at my grandparents house for my grandpa dad watch the 60 minutes and it was Dallas, Texas and Chicago caught killing people that were viable to take their organs tonight the 60 minutes expos day, and it was a frequent hospital my dad told me about Jesus Christ. So Joe, that's what I'm telling you is were you at the kitchen table when you were eight hearing about cyborgs. T That's why I know about this. My dad never got fully into it. He decided to get out of it. And he decided to get out of it.

He decided you're legitimately freaking me the fuck out. Joe, I will I will let you know the problem is some of it makes sense. Because people figure out a way to rationalize a lot of things and if you see a guy is mangled of the cracks and it's but he's still alive. And you know, you could sell the broken

egg and say five love. Yeah, can double.

Yeah. I mean, Joe. The thing is, how many people would have to be involved for that to be real Joe?

I can show you guys right 15 videos of Planned Parenthood workers laughing saying I made a million bucks yesterday last year. It's incredible. If we can just keep them alive longer. We'll get 10 times the money. We're only getting 50 grand per baby because we got to kill them before they leave the building. The mother doesn't know they're they talk her into it. Oh ma'am. You're three months pregnant. Oh, the baby might have a problem might have a heart murmur. Oh, the ultrasound Oh yeah. And then they get the you're sure you're gonna get this is truth. Yeah, they Then keep it alive, but only a few hours. And they gotta get planes coming in advance and they don't get the full price because they can't put it on the auctions. They've got digital corporate auctions. Look us up for Oregon.

Let me let me bring something up to you. I had this guy on yesterday, this guy who wrote this book, l Narcos name was Yuan Grillo. And he's, he's an investigative journalist who lives in Mexico. And he studies the cartels, they show organs. And what what this is one of the things he was saying was that they, they get these people used to killing and they were getting these kids and having these kids kill at a young age and dismember people. And they were doing it to get the fear out of their body. So there's one guy who they had a nickname for him Tyson, he would he was a cop. But he was also in charge of hiring these little kids and training these little kids to be assassins and he would teach them how to dismember people and he was going into it and all the things they did and all the beheadings that they did, he was saying that they try to that in certain certain groups of people when they have this organization, they try to get them used to horrific acts. Well, it's

called the c min of blood. And that's Heinrich Himmler term, head of the SS is that the SS is yo Hitler had about seven years for lunch, the war show he got like 12 year olds ready for war. And they would get him like having fun and swimming and working out at boxing. And then they would like when they're like 15 Give a super hot Hooker and then give them drugs. LSD to get discovered Switzerland Hitler was put them on DMT everything. And they would then have these religious experiences and say you're invincible. You're Superman. This is all been declassified, but it said more esoteric writings. And so they would get them all wound up and then to graduate as an SS officer after you'd had a dog like five years you had to strangle your German Shepherd. Yeah,

that was my friend Ari, his dad was in the Israeli Special Forces are one of those one brandwood You remember what branch was one branch of the Israeli military and they had to kill a kid and

Jews are just like anybody else. There's good people. There's bad people. But yeah, Israel because they got so scared by the Nazis. And a lot of sickening ways. It's kind of copied a lot of it. And by the way, the palace was trying to kill them blow them up. I'm not even. My point is is that the Nazis got evil down so much that like we brought 34,000 into run NASA, the running universities, Operation Paperclip, everybody wanted Nazis. They were lying. They were like winning the lottery. Yeah. Because they were all robots will do whatever they were taught.

Well, Wernher von Braun was had an absolutely, yeah. So yeah, and he was a Nazi

show show show. What would happen was first they gave him shacks, they gave him power, they would really press room. He had to go through things. And then they would basically, you know, just conditioned them to do whatever they were told. And they call it the cement of blood. Because then it's just like satanic cult say, you know, kill your dog. I mean, I remember when I was growing up in Rockwall, Texas, I ran into like a satanic call. I was like, God, this girl's a senior in high school super hot. I'm in, I'm in, I'm in. I'm in ninth grade. And like, she's picking me up in a Mercedes and I'm taking me some mansion. The sex with her is incredible. And I'm walking out of the house. Because I was like, I was about 16 When I was 13. And the dad goes you like screw my daughter. I screw her to just as soon as you join us, we love Lucifer. You get all the whatever you want, boy, because we want you. But But really? Oh, yeah. But that's still Yeah, but I've had incredible life. Look at it now. But the point is, is that Oh, tell you're in LA, you know, but all this. But the point is, there's no battle that the point is, is that then the Satanist because I never really got to say this. They said, well, they said, Well, what do you want, because I don't want to be they want you to kill your dog. Well, and so the point is, is that now all these years later, kill a loving thing that serves you cares about you as interface. Dogs are very psychic, your psychic buffers, dogs are able to like interface with you. And they want you to take something that's ready to die for you. And they want you to kill that that's like killing a child. A dog is very similar a child, very spiritual, very holy. And a very good dog will take on its masters or it can be evil. But John is totally spoiled. Oh my god service. People need to know about all this. And this is what's going on. And this is what's happening and show so they want to submit a blood is they get people in a group, and they get him to do horrible evil things during peer pressure. And then they create the synthesis get to know the darker elements of the criminal networks that are inside our government are actually running Mexico as a laboratory test. Because they know Native Americans are taking Americans aren't gung ho and they're tough. And they're raid height. And I'm you know, I'm part Native American law like 6% Comanche, and you know, a Texas and just that little bit makes me wild. And so they can get them because they're powerful, they're smart. They're neat, they're cool, but genetically, they go into groupthink really, really fast. And so Native Americans, you can mind control really fast. Hmm. Why is that? Well, it's like Vietnam. I mean, you know the Bering Land straighten up. So they test the genetics of Mesoamerica is is basically Chinese. Or Han because there was always some whites and Vikings even 10,000 years ago in the area. But like nobody, like in fights like in Korea fighting the Chinese. That's what we're really fighting there Vietnam. Do you think? I mean, they're like, they're conscious and real people. But when they get into a fight, they all sync up. And a robot should have no fear about psychotic killers you're fighting. And so Asians are by about the most fearless killers that are like the Mongols, any of them. I mean, once Asians go to war, it's like they do now there, it's, in fact, they're not even crazed going wild in a battle. They're like robots coming to kill you. And so you

think that's from Do you think that's from their heritage of war that they have a long like, like, if you think about Japan, Japan has a long history of being a noble warrior culture with the samurais. And

well, it's the martial from the nobility. It's the genetics, right? But kinetics is what creates that yo, it's like 500 of you load in planes.

I'm saying I mean, what I'm saying is think about a place like Japan were so much martial arts came from kendo sword fighting karate above a bunch of different branches of karate, judo, Jiu Jitsu, Japan, all that stuff came from Japan. I mean, that that that is a group of people that were obsessed with combat. I mean, they they figured out a ruling class was well, not just that the soldiers and even the civilian.

No, no, I agree. But the ruling class was samurai. Yes. shoguns. The

ruling class was a shoguns, right. And when you think about what a small place Japan is, and how stunning it is that so much innovation, especially in terms of like,

I don't get into bell curve, because you've got black people that are smart as any white person. And then you've got black people that are way better at sports, whatever it is, there are genetic differences. When you've got the head of a former, it was cold springs Harbor, Watson comes out says blacks aren't human, all that BS. That's just the racist crap. It's in the government. But it's true that northern some groups are Northern Europeans. And then the Japanese on average, per capita have the highest IQ. And so they're they're Japanese. And then there are some northern Europeans that have the highest IQs. But then you can get into like, say Jews have very high IQs. On average, European Jews have extraordinary high levels of social winners. It's a bunch of so there's not just one type of intelligence. Yeah, for

sure. Yeah. Well, there's, there's I mean, there's tests that you can run in terms of mathematics, but there's no real tests, you can run in terms of social,

psychic connectivity, they've proven that DNA is a transceiver. And so my skill is, that's why I'm usually kind of like, almost autistic is I'm just being constantly like everything's going on. But then of actually focus in I can, like, figure out the exact enemy operation. That's why they're really pissed. They people that are Jewish, that are German, or Chinese, or Japanese that are Italian that are Mexican people, that either through fear or whatever, get into dark side, light side, get into don't get people the knowledge, control, the people, dumb them down, dominate them, because they're only rocket fuel for you to go to the next level. You know, what's

interesting about this, not that you're right or wrong. What's interesting is how many people resist the idea that it's possible for someone to try to control everybody. And if you just go back in history, just you know, go back to World War Two, and how Hitler controlled Germany and they tell

you, no one's trying to control you. But that's all that's going on.

But that one is a particularly fantastic one. Because it was a culture that came out of a bad time, right? They out of World War One, and their training. And this guy offered them pride in being German he offered them this, this idea of a master race to master race is a crazy idea. Because if you look

at the black Israelites, are you looking at it at loraas? Or Metro? Are you looking at some of the right wing Jewish groups? Every the Chinese every group says what the Master? Yeah,

well, sure. But I mean, how many have tried to engineer it the way Hitler did? That's what's really crazy. I know

exactly the reason the reason the globalists, if you want to, you want to get the secret. But I'm saying,

well, Hitler's secret Hold on a second. What I'm saying is that it is amazing that there is a guy who has this idea of a master race. And if you were all but people rejected it worldwide, it was one of the most evil aspects of who he was. That's really interesting to me, that people rejected it, because they knew it was like an improper calculation generally rejected the idea. Other elites tried to duplicate it. It was an improper calculation. The calculation was the only way to get people to get you want to get a master race, you have to have mastered genetics, but it didn't take into account was compassion. It didn't take into account what's necessary to have a real healthy community. That was a slow fuck a quick flash community because everybody was like hyper focused on the nation. To have a real long term community you have to have come Passion. You have to have camaraderie. And there's going to be people who

use the leftist compassion when they support China and Samsung and you know you're wearing the left

cell Oh, compassion, right? We can't hurt anyone's feelings. We're helping the rest fall on gang and sell their organs that we're Google. Doc

to me. You're right. You're right. The left has giant flaws. It has giant flaws in its ridiculous

identity. No, I'm against war. I am too. And so now you see national studies show this Gallup poll. Democrats now support war more than Republicans.

But this is about what this is about pulling out of Syria

trying to get denuclearize, and everybody's loving it in South Korea, Japan, and North Korea, and he's actually got a lot fire missiles to destroy nuclear real,

the real problem. There's a real problem. People not being able to say that anything that Trump does is good. If a Democrat

was doing what Trump was doing on some issues, I disagree with some, I would support them. I don't give a damn what their D are, are. Well, and so and so then Trump got rid of the he's getting rid of the minimum sentences. I mean, Hillary Clinton, you know, oh, God, I saw this the other day, I don't know I'm ranting. But I was watching. I forget through the top Democrat was they were on CNN, and I'm gonna play the clip of my show, and I didn't do it. And they and they go, they go, they go. President Trump thinks blacks. Yeah, the clip was CNN, CNN says Trump thinks blacks are stupid. And it was a CNN panel going. Trump says blacks are super predators, who has to be brought to heel. And Joe. That's Hillary Clinton. 1994 She passed the Crime Act. That's her quote. So they're inverting reality, knowing our talking point, if she did that, and we have the video type, and Hillary says blacks are super predators. Say said Trump did it. It's not about Trump. It's that he didn't do that. Okay,

but let's get back to what we were trying to say was that if you if he does anything good, no one can accept it because he's on the wrong team. That's part of the problem with what's going on. It's part of the problem with people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the left, and people willing to accept ridiculous shit on the right, is that we get on a team, and that the people that are on the left, they can't admit if the economy is going well, they can't admit. I think

they will Bill Maher said, Let's crash the economy. Well,

I don't know. You know, I listen. I've been on his show before. And I talked to him once we did a show together once with Craig,

nobody can lie and say that he's not very talented and and that he's tight. He's more truthful than most leftists. He says, I want abortion. I want death. In Iowa. He's

a comic. I'm telling you, man, the shit that he's saying. He's only saying because he thinks it'll work. And I'll just show with his Why would he

ever gotten on about me? I

don't know, man, you'd have to talk to him. But what I'm saying is when he starts to talk, like people are saying, oh, Bill Maher is mocking the red states. He's doing a bit. He's doing a bit like he thought was funny in that, that's all it is. Like, if you if you've talked to him about his legitimate opinions. He's capable of having a conversation about legitimate opinions. But

I agree, but you can disagree or agree on that point. But when you say that the red states want to be the blue states, the Democratic show the opposite, I think is

just a joke. I really do. I don't think even means it. I mean, if he does mean it, I disagree with them. But let

me let me let me let me ask you on this and I'm not saying you're wrong, okay? Because everything I've learned is great. There's, there's mixtures of everything. Yes. And that's kind of the next fodder for the last thought but but the point is, is that is that

what we're saying was that he was doing a joke about the red states wishing that they were the blue states and you were saying that that's wrong? And I was saying he's just fucking around. He's like, prati That's it. That's it.

Maybe mainstream news is dead. It has very low ratings. I mean, went down to almost nothing and they go oh, ratings are up in the Trump Era like a dead cat bounce. It's like 10% of what it used to be 15 million viewers now the top CNN shows a million. So we're looking at that. This is the future this is the this is the this is where the people are real things not scripted. No teleprompter is there's no teleprompter here. This is real. And so they get up on television. I'm literally having Alzheimer's. What was the point again?

We were talking about Jesus Christ. One problem.

Here's the here's the problem with no teleprompter. I am literally, I literally tell you what's in my brain. Just like my truth doesn't mean I'm accurate. It doesn't mean I'm perfect. It means I'm telling you what I really thought oh, looking around. I know what it is. No one's watching mainstream news. No one's watching mainstream news. But let me tell you what they are watching the big five. The nightly comic shows and Comedy Central shows the Daily Show, Trevor Noah, Stephen Colbert, all those guys because they want some relief. But it's not been they want relief. Right. I used to watch the ratings are down. It's still not as bad as as other stuff because now that no one's watching news. Does Sean Hannity do really well? Isn't his show. Only Fox because it's seen as alternative just like you. Oh, but what I'm saying is, well, the problem is I'm not articulating this wealth. Truth. It's not like some PAC thing. They have turned all of the so called comic shows into fake comics posing as fake news, people putting out political commentary which people take is real and believe on the street. And so that's where all the propaganda is. And so you say Bill Maher is just joking around Bill Maher is just over here. Bill Maher does know what he's doing. It's all unified message. They have Stephen Colbert then leave it up on air and say that I'm a kk k member and make jokes and you know what people shouted at me on the street?

Well, that's unfortunate. But what I will say about what they're trying to do, they're not trying to deliver information. They're not they're trying to crack jokes. I guarantee you, there's a whole writing staff.

The Democrats call them and tell them what to write. Now.

I don't know if that's true. But if it is as true and they do, listen, that's not good. And that's unfortunate. You host the man show with Doug Stanhope. Now the other guy. That's There's Jimmy Kimmel, and Rolla

says he gets calls every day from Chuckie Schumer. And they work on what he says this television

show on top of this, what's so frustrating might have been fucking around. No, no, dude, it's

talking points, man. Okay, I believe you. I believe you win Hillary No. Last, Jimmy Fallon went from being funny to being totally weaponized.

So you think it was NBCs? Idea? Do you think it was someone in the government that contacts NBC and says tells you

there's a very well known UFC fighter that you know, okay, who that shows on Discovery History Channel, I'm not gonna say his name. Okay. And I got a call about a month ago. And they're like, Wow, this is incredible. Don't say my name, you can talk about it. They were gonna offer me this new big, lucrative show, but they said, you're gonna come out and announce Alex Jones on the show, or we're not gonna give you the show. And he said, No, show Hell yeah, man.

Huh. You're gonna denounce him on the show? Why would they need that from you? From him? Yeah, but why would they need that from him? They announce you on the show. I'm not that important to skip. But that gives you even more attention. Well,

let me explain. That's their dilute will. Hey, well, they want everybody else censor. Why did Hitler censor? A lot of the Russian censor? Like you think most of the time censorship actually works?

Yeah. But that's a weird one. Man. Someone's saying, they're not going to give you a gig unless you specifically denounce Alex Jones happens. What kind of show? Is it?

The cooking show? No, Joe, Joe, remember, just down for you. Okay. I swear, I'm accusatory. But I believe you,

I believe you. But I'm saying it just seems so crazy that they would ask him to not to denounce you on a television show. I'm not saying it's impossible. That's what everybody

who's not independent is told because they're beholden other people. You're a rarity. I'm one of the only people that's not beholding any other network of people. You're, you realize, I'm not just saying this to some kinship. Who else has a big mega popular show? That's multimedia. That isn't controlled by a parent company?

Corolla? Yep. Who else? Most podcasts? No, no, but see, when you look at the numbers that most podcasts

are threatened by though but I mean, almost all of them are backed by something. Because I know for a fact that you run your own show. Yep.

That's a fact. Look,

I've got some notes here. And all I want to say is this, I want

to point one point that you had about that, that was really good. You were saying that if you censor yourself, you just like I just censor myself a little bit, just to

make this point, we started the show.

You made it in the batch start over. And it's right. You we were talking and we were first of all, we gave each other a big hug, we talked it out, we're both happy that we're not angry at each other. And then we start talking, you made a really good point, you said the thing is, if you censor yourself, just 1%, you say I'll just censor myself 1%. That's what they want, I'm gonna make them happy. And then they're just going to keep moving it. They're just going to keep moving it forward, moving the goalposts and providing you with more money and giving you more things, but keep moving in a certain direction. And if you keep giving into it, they're gonna have a whole deal, and they can control you. And that's how network television got started. If you really think about what network network television is, the reason why they don't swear, and they don't have explicit content isn't because people wouldn't want to see it. The reason is, because the the advertisers won't let there's a whole commerce aspect to it. It's not just hey, you're the CSI guys, or hey, exactly. And

so now they've organized with sleeping giants and Media Matters. A couple million people that call and threaten and attack anybody and then notice show, once they're done with me now it's Joe, you better not have this person on or you better have that person on. And so what is your soul? What is your destiny worth? And I always thought I was smart. It's going to analyze politics and history. I was kind of socially retarded. And so have a you let's say that anymore. Exactly. But I mean, I was. And so that's what I'm getting at is. The biggest lie is what I want people to know the truth. I don't come up with some cold blooded calculation about what I think is going to advance my personal life. I really care about people and the process I've seen What's wrong? I've grown. I've hurt people. I apologize.

Listen, that's true. That's true, what you're just saying about you. And this is one of the things that I've always tried to explain to people. If people get mad at me for knowing him, like, I have a great time with that guy. Every time I see him, you and I have had a great time in Austin, we had a great time with the UFC, we've hung out numerous comedy shows that I've done in Austin, I've done your show. We've had a lot of fun together. And so when when people get mad at you about Sandy Hook or about anything, I just go, even when he says, Even when you were mad at me, I wasn't mad at you. I was like, I just got to talk to him. It's one of the reasons why Eddie Bravo got the two of us to talk to Mike. And once we talk, and just be honest with each other, we'll be fine.

And I want to clear this up. Because when I was going big guns on you, just so you know what it's like to be judged. I thought that you probably never had me on the show was not an attempt to get back on your

list. And I knew that if I had gotten to the point where you were that upset that I must have made mistakes, too. I'm not. I'm not that person that sees things and always points in the other direction. I pointed my I'm a fucking ruthless self critic. Ruthless. I'm terrible, like so I beat myself up about everything else flub one word on stage. And I'll sleep through this tossing and turning this to you.

And again, self doubt is a good thing. It's not going to be a narcissist and crazy. I got offered at the time like $5 million with a Bitcoin. I think it was like $38 million. By the time it got there. I refused it. And I got told like, eight years ago, I got told by two different people. A very well known rich people. They said George Soros likes you he wants to work with you and Alexander Soros. And so that's Oreos. You just need to stop attacking. Hmm. And and by the way, we want you to pump Bitcoin, which I believe in cryptocurrencies, I believe is the future. We had a private Federal Reserve. It's all Fiat. I'm not judging anybody. I'm just saying be careful. And I was so dumb back then I don't even say so dumb. I was not in the current mindset, the way the world worked. Like, I knew how politics work. And I knew how science worked. And I knew how crypto type, you know, government and CIA stuff worked. But I was like, never trying to get a deal for myself. I had my own thing, right. So that I look back in retrospect, where where that was going on. So when I saw you as my breaking point, go, Hey, Alex Jones is full of crap. George Soros was a victim of the Nazis in the Holocaust.

That's not what I said. I didn't say you're full of crap. I said he wasn't a Nazi. I got the story that I watched the interview. And I don't know what he did she know the guy. I don't know him. I don't know. I've know very little about him. But what I remember from the story was that he was saying that when the Nazis occupied, he was with his, I believe it was his godfather, Godfather and took him around as a Christian and pretended he was a Christian where they were stealing from these Jews, when they would take take there. And he just thought it was normal, because he was 13 years old, but he was talking about it, that he was shielded by this person, so I

would be willing to take his explanation. So I'm saying, but, but but but here's the difference. Even before that happen with you, I got approached by a major Hollywood actor that my name is associated with. And they said, listen, George Soros told me to tell you that he had been killed if he didn't do that, and that and that, and that he did what he had to do. Right. And I said, You tell George, if somebody put a gun to my head and said, We're gonna kill you, if you don't help Roundup, Joe Rogan's kids and put them in a concentration camp, I'd say, oh, yeah, I agree with you. I grabbed the gun away and kill him. Did he say he just said though it was just taking property? No, they weren't. What do you think is it was a Nazi show? Take your property, and then you don't go away?

I don't know.

I mean, we know what happened in Romania and Hungary. But But Joe, what he was saying, Hey, you have headlines saying, okay.

So you're saying you think that it was more? No,

no. He did an NPR interview. I'm not trying to go indict George Soros. Okay,

well, here's where I fucked up, because I shouldn't have even said anything about it. Because I don't know much about it. The the real actual interpretation I've seen, I've seen a couple of interpretation. When I was hoping to interpretation for me, I'm telling you, I don't know anything. So let me tell you about it was a incorrect. Sure. So when

I'm 14, in retrospect, if somebody said, we're going to you're going to help round up your community, or we're going to kill you. I would have tried to kill people that were trying to kill my people. I get it. Not everybody's like me, and I'm not some of the toughest guy around. I think I've proven I'll go up against people. I get your 14 you're scared, and you help the Nazis. He was so arrogant about it. He said it on NPR. He said it on 60 minutes. And then I learned you're being sued because you did this. This is why he's financing it. Well, I'm not going to stop sharing it because of that I get he was in a bad situation. The problem was if you play the clip, he says it was the best time of my life. It was happy making Oh, it was it was invigorating to be there with all this evil going on but I was with my father and I had faith in Him. And so we were able to do this and then I went looked at the logs and the records of him he was like going out looking for an Frank's man and getting their money and Alinea he got the money and I'm not even running for the white flag is George Soros. George Soros overthrew all these different governments George Soros tried to crash the pound, George Soros is that is the archetype of James Bond villains. And the fact that his money so I remember being a kid, when I was like, eight years old, my mom always had a color TV in the kitchen, because you cook three meals a day, you

can I stop you what do you what are you saying that he's like, crashing economies? And

when I was a kid watching PBS, maybe they were lying maybe he's great. George Soros was an international currency speculator who overthrew government cheat you Buddha. Yeah,

but that's what I'm saying. What do you say overthrew governments, like what did he do? I literally no, not Well, here's

I'm gonna tell you this is actually a declassified you know anything about George Soros, Jamie will type in George Soros crashing the pound. Let me tell you more. In George Soros his view. After World War Two, he got hired brought to us he worked for the CIA LSS before that,

in his view, from his perspective,

he admitted he doesn't brag about this. Okay, George Soros is the guy willing to take the money and divvy it out? And he's a very bold guy because he's really smiling. I'm not kissing his ass or you know my bag he's not gonna stop me wants to hang my head on the wall towards rose does have 150 I didn't want to hang your head on the wall because I went after it but the point is, it doesn't matter. George Soros ran the breakup of the Soviet Union. George I've had the former head of shitty guy Jamie guy thing typing George Soros tried to crash the pound. Pound the pound. Anyways guys, I told you they got human pig pipe up put it Yeah. Okay. I told you they're keeping babies alive. You saw the governor's Okay. George Soros is highest level Deep State. He He is the manager or was the manager Are you showing us things you're

saying? I actually know. But how do you know if you

research he ran the cars at the auction 20 years ago he ran the

marshy we got here did so George Soros Break the Bank of England make a little bigger police in Britain Black Wednesday, September 16. To the day the speculators broke the pound they didn't actually break it. But they forced the British government to pull it from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism joining the ER and which

was part of breaking the Euro breaking the pound watch the Euro scrolled

up please. Although it's to depart from the European currencies, the British pound blah blah, blah, compounding the underlying problems inherent in the pounds inclusion in the E RM. I'm not seeing this. Where's the part where George Soros does this? Well, that's just what you pulled up. I mean, but I'm just I'm just trying to find it. That's all I'm sayin. Spotting the writing on the wall. Britain upped its interest rates to teens and attract people to the pound but speculators George Soros among them began heavily shorting the currency. The British government gave in and withdrew its era the ER M, as it became clear that it was losing billions trying to buoy its currency artificially. Although it was a bit of a bitter pill to swallow, the pound came back stronger because the excess interest in high inflation Joe forced

notice you go to investor pedia like it's the boss hold on he there's films about the Soros. Soros

pocketed $1 billion on the deal, and cemented his reputation as the premier currency speculator in the world. Now, if you're a currency speculator Isn't that what you do though? I don't know what a currency speculator does it

I don't want to here's the deal. George Soros works for the works for the people that run our government. And he's a guy willing to do it all and he's been very successful. Okay, my point is two plus two equals four in my in my equation, you don't fight the Nazis? Because you're 1314 you think you can't you join him? And he says it taught me about investment I if I wouldn't have done it, someone else would have done it. That's a quote it was happy making good if you help round up Jews and take their property don't say it was happy maybe you don't talk about it. So my point is him saying are

you you think the way he describes it even as a problem? It's problematic it disturbs you the way he's describing that it was happy making that it was not a big deal if I didn't do it other people would have done it. That's a problem. What I'm

telling you is I'm gonna get off into sorrows is that if you if I had five minutes over there on Jamie's computer he did a good job. Jamie does a great job I'm just saying it pull stuff up.

He's a goddamn Google wizard. Look at him. Let he's been beat me up quick to it's very frustrating.

I would have gone over there. I can pull up sorrows. I can pull up BBC reports. Sorrows crashes the British pound or tries. Here's an example and I'm on guiding you for this. Someone in my family about 10 years ago was digging through stuff for basically a garage sale was a garage sale, we're gonna give it away to charities. And all these clothes I couldn't wear because I didn't want 180 pounds anymore. And a family member got into a group of things. And there was a Japanese bayonet, there was a German officers dagger that I bought for like 200 bucks. That's worth like 2000 now I still have it. Wow. And, and all the rest of it. And there was a British medal and a Nazi medal. And this person in my family because it's like a power thing goes, Oh my God, you're a Nazi. So I walk in to the garage and out of the box and I go I bought this at a gun show. Like a decade ago i Yeah, I think a frickin swastika metal thing

though is if you own this is the thing if you like see that helmet that you were

talking about? Going? Yeah. That's why I'm gonna say to you will you get to it. So you've got a German helmet that a French artists dug up with all these mass graves know what is? And it's got a German bayonet, you're not a frickin Nazi. That's a piece of history. I

think that's a US soldier.

That's a German helmet. That's

a German helmet.

That's a curl. But it doesn't matter. France has banned owning German war memorabilia. Sonian the coolest thing ever saw the Smithsonian when I was a kid, so proud of us beat the Nazis was they had a German helmet with a bullet hole in the Smithsonian's not Nazi right, it's what I'm saying. Right? I'm not Nazi for having a Nazi medal, and a bunch of other war paraphernalia I thought was cool. You're not a Nazi for a Nazi bayonet.

Well, it's a helmet and a bayonet. What is the gentleman's name that makes that show Shane Martin?

Can we show it please?

What is his Yeah, we showed it. He also made me a fucking super dope skull. He's got a real

artist. Yeah, the gentleman helmets interesting. That's

what I was gonna say is it you? You could have a Nazi helmet 20 year look about Hogan's Heroes. Hogan's Heroes was god damn sitcom about Nazis was a sitcom about Nazis and prisoners of war. I mean, that was

correctness that I literally had a family member this was like 18 years ago go I'm really upset about what I found Shane against the machine, right? Yeah. Is that it's snowing in the garage. Yeah. And it's like British metals us metals. A couple of data jet of course. I wanted the Japanese thing. I even had a marine carbene from Vietnam. That's not as cool as World War

Two yet go to Shane against the machine on Instagram. He's

not a Nazi. That's frickin cool. Man

doesn't want those. He sells those folks if you want one. Product players be playing. Dude, he's he made me another sculpture to that I bought from

you know what I'm saying? I'm not saying you're a Nazi. But I had family think because I had one Nazi Party member. Metal. Yeah, it'll be on the news today. Jones admits he has Nazi stuff. No, it's frickin interesting. And it is this is from a battlefield dug up of dead people. Yep, you can't couldn't be more interesting. And you take darkness and light comes out of it you make evil become good. I'm gonna have you talk to the artists god I'm doing a huge plug for

this shit. Look at this kind of stuff. Look at that eagle. Go back to that bird with the fucking cylinders. With the cars. Is that what it is first? Or the top of his shoulders. The top of his shoulders is another car cylinder that's a car cylinder. Yeah, that's a polished down car cylinder and then bayonets for the wedding made me products because

it kind of shut me down.

This rentable product artists man he's a great art I brought

this up because I walked in there and I said God stone that is amazing. And and you it took you told me the story like they dig up that no these battlefields in France and stuff. And then people get this stuff that's rotting German helmet, then you put light in and it makes it beautiful. And it takes the evil of Hitler and makes it beautiful. Yeah, not Hitler takes humanity and makes it beautiful.

Yeah, it's a bit but it is interesting that you can't own like you could never own a Nazi flag or any like you could Jingis Khan

right both my grandfather's and I'm not bragging about family. But remember Tom Landry, my grandfather was ut football won state championships and track all of my mom's dad. And he went the Army Air Corps with Tom Landry never been over there on Sundays he before he played for the Dallas cavalry. He'd like Tom Landry call they pray for five minutes. Both my grandfather's about Jerry Jones and and I, my mother's father, Mr. Hammond. We almost died in a crash landing and another deal. I almost died. I don't almost exist, because my family America fought Hitler. And then now I'm a Nazi because I believe in the Second Amendment, and I believe in America. That's not fair.

Well, that's not what they're saying. They're saying it because you had a Nazi piece of memorabilia, but it still doesn't make any sense. Doesn't make any sense to you. Look, if I saw some cool Nazi thing. Going someplace where I could buy it. I might buy it and frame it because it's just a piece of history just like I would buy a gig as con dagger. Or a helmet. Oh my god Eddie Bravo's here. Jesus Christ we're having a great time talking about interdimensional beings this, bro.

I'll choke you out with the shirt. NASA any you know I'm gonna make you regret wearing this fucking shirt.

Hey listen to high school we used to choke each other out. That's like a thing and God dropped

me off on it. No, no, no, no, no, please don't I'm not scared. Let's do it. No, no, no, no, no, please don't chuck them unconscious.

Don't know. Please, right. Let's go. He can't do you think I'm afraid of this? Let's No, no, I

definitely don't think you're afraid of this. Which is why I don't want him to do it. Even

be pushy. choke me off.

You know what? Let me tell you story. First. Let me tell you a story. Back when I used to work at the strip club. You're the one

hold on. Alex. Sit down. Please. Come on. Please. We have to work together here. Let's work together. Come sit down.

I'm not gay, but good luck. And yeah. Have

a seat. Have a seat or choke me out. Alex. Please. High School. I know you did. You told me you grab each other and you fall down hit your heads. You only takes like 20 seconds. What are you gonna say about strip club back when

I was a blue belt? 1995. I went to the strip club and there was this girl I was dating. She never had any of those items. She was a bartender she was seriously four foot 10 And why are they bartenders and

waitresses always especially in strip clubs.

Let him I will. She

was she was 92 pounds. Bartender the smallest girl and I showed her how to do a rear naked her she was tiny. Her name was Kimmy and the strip club manager was your size big like used to be buff but finesse Yeah, but used to be you can tell you used to be but football player type big manager. You know you want those guys that manage strip clubs, you know, intimidating looking big dudes. And he had a Corvette. And he didn't believe in jujitsu at all. And she said, he said, If she choked me out with one of them jujitsu moves, I'll give her the keys to my core van. So she had to literally get on a barstool. And she was standing on a barstool had to go around them. And she went like this. And he was just like this. And then he went out, lights out. He dropped like a sack of potatoes. He hit his head on the fucking floor. impact the impact of his head hitting the floor woke his ass up. And so we hit the ground, and then he pops back up. And he didn't know what the fuck happened and it's just sitting there.

I thought he faked but

people usually don't hit the ground pop back up. Usually they hit the ground. They're done and they need an ambulance. Right? But he popped right back up. And he's like what happened? Like bitch, you need to give her your quarterback. And it was it was

this was a thing I didn't know about this about in seventh grade during lunch. Some of the kids would choke each other out you put your hands up on their neck kids don't do this. I'm not teaching like don't do this. Not doing this. But did it be like the cheerleaders wanted to be shutdown they would show us how to probably get about screen where did you go to school? Go to school what

are the books got? He's

not Bill Hicks. Brian now already went over this. This

guy's talking about this

is you can put together a case where you fucking you can't

wave No.

saw Bill Hicks live. I've known Alex since just a few years after.

He's gonna say Oh, you got to see the old way. There's a bunch of

separation because you and I've worked with somebody that worked with them. We work with 1000s of people suddenly it's like oh, we do the same person it's it's overwhelming. All you got to do

is just show those pictures of you like Bill Hicks is never 20 and yoke you are you jacked. You want like a body built and I should

run like I think it's I wish I get in that zone again. You can I gotten this job where I ran six miles every other day. And I lifted weights so people know dude, you'd be bigger if you work out three hours I was addicted. And then I got on radio and TV and like started drinking and just stopped that didn't work out for like 10 years being like 100 pounds. Alex

let's let's get you on something where we actually like put it online and talk about what you're doing. If you commit to something online like that. You'll do it. All you have to do is like set a realistic goal.

I used to do 40 Pull Ups and not gonna be like 240

in a row like CrossFit type for use your whole body and everything where yes amazing you're like doing the work mazing

but the problem was I used to go to all you can eat buffets. That's amazing to Chinese and I don't believe and and regular. And the problem is I would literally like order I don't know I don't want the two What

do you think about this? What do you think about a self improvement thing that you do online? Well, you do it on Live I need to do it. The

problem is every time I try to work out the phone's ringing.

Oh shit, let's listen you just get up earlier get up an hour and a half. I'm gonna target you from a torn bicep. Well, once you have surgery for your bicep and everything gets fixed, I think once you get your bicep torn, you're probably going to be a little bit out of action. But these six months no, you know what? I'm Novitsky had it done. It's fucking amazing. I had my bicep done, but to the shoulder to the bicep. Like this to the elbow to the shoulder. No, no, you have to do.

We're talking friggin 100 million views number one. No, no, no, no, no,

no, no, don't be ugly.

There's no need to choke you

try to sue me and shit. It's just

one of the first things that I swept up in

me once we made up on the phone, one of the first things you want me to do is choke him out of the air.

Now you might need to go to them SLM those those s&m pain.

When you get choked out. You'd like go somewhere. And I've got a little dream and then you come right

back like DMT Yes. You hate that shit. James is on point as let's

get serious. Let's get a few things where he goes down this road.

Okay. These are the what are the road going down? Oh, we just talked about we know what the road is. You're talking about George Soros. No, no, we passed that. Okay. Well, we just talked about you were talking about the strip club. The guy choked with the girl, the girl choking the guy out the guy falling hitting his head. And then what happened after that? And the ideas, Jamie? No one everyone's stupid for that. One of that. I

remember one time I got choked out. I remember watching the babies. I remember what it was. It was cool. I don't think I've ever been taught completely out the first. The first time I got choked out was like the 17 year old super hot chick. And I was like 13 tied up and she lived down the street. She goes out already. I got promiscuous. I was pretty young. 12 And she goes I'll have sex with you. It's a true story. I'll have sex with you if you let me put makeup on you. So I'm not in the case everything. Show the girl puts the makeup sex weather. And she's super hot and then like a week later she goes she goes now I'm going to choke you out when that relationship went really well until it like 30 year old boyfriend caught me at her place once because her mom was working oh my god tried to kill me in the parking lot.

Oh my god. I've sexually you put makeup on you. I let her do Do you listen your wise man she dressed me up like a clown

here's some of the things and we're gonna go forever here goes. Not conspiracies but real world programs developing a breakaway civilization. What is it breakaway civilization? You understand that? It's the key to everything. standardized total surveillance control grid, the power despise the power control human animal hybrids. We recover that mass farming of humanoid tissue transhuman endgame, we come into multilayered binary weapon delivery systems. That's when we haven't had Oh, what's that? Well, we'll get into some of that. The pain is 5g, behavioral modifications. We hit that Trojan horse delivery systems, cell phones, vaccines. GMOs have been tested, designed to hurt you. Again, vaccines are real. You can give somebody something that gives them the cure to another disease. That doesn't yet but they're jacking it like a cell phone. They're adding stuff. Your ticket to immortality things.

Let's cover that. What do you think is happening with vaccines?

I know. Okay, tell

me what's going on.

You've always used this because everyone's heard of it. Everyone heard about 1947 to 1983. And only came public because the program was exposed in Peru and promote exposed in West Virginia. But the media picked up it was white on black. Not all the white people that happen to don't care for black or white. Injecting over a million people with live syphilis. In the name of vaccines, you know about Tuskegee, do

know about that. But you only know

about Alabama, and over 40 something years only injecting blacks but it happened all the world search engine. Hillary Clinton apologizes for syphilis experiments in Tuskegee. It was it was it was in Peru.

Can I ask you this was the Tuskegee was the conventional story that they had syphilis, but they weren't really curing them? That's a cover. No, but is that what they say? Oh, no. No, they

were giving him syphilis. Okay,

I understand what you're saying. But was the the, the conventional explanation of what happened? Was that that they knew that they had it and they allowed them? That was

okay, have you heard about hearing

this right here? US apologizes for Guatemala STD experiences. They did a different one. Just try Peru and hold on, get to Peru. What do you make that a little goat scroll ups. I read it. US government medical researchers intentionally infected hundreds of people in Guatemala, including institutionalized mental patients with gonorrhea and syphilis without their knowledge or permission more than 60 years ago. Jesus Christ. Show

Joe again, when you've read because what I do is Oh,

Jesus Christ. Look at this. Many of those infected were encouraged to pass the infection as part of the study. Where does this in what is Cumans NBC News. Imagine

finding out you have syphilis, but you've never had sex before. Let me stop. Let me show you imagine how confusing you're ready for

another ultra secret says is 46. To what 46 To sorry. It says at the bottom 46. Cod, Tim.

That's a wash. That's not okay. It's not two years. Okay. So so so let me explain. Then imagine, Joe. Here's what's happened. Okay. We had a real liberal media in this country. They weren't leftist. That's that's a cultic. That's different. We had a real liberal media in this country that had problems. But they really cared. They were open minded. When I sat down focused on information a few years after I probed Delta Force was in Seattle in 1999. And proved it they all said Alex Jones is right. It's incredible.

That's the WTO tape that I always cite that type that we showed the agent provocateurs went into a peaceful protest and started smashing windows. I'm

not against the army, but Delta Force ran, because I was going oh, now the Army's terrorist, like you said, don't call it the whole government, a select group of the army did that they staged it. So imagine used to the the press would get a lot of stuff, right? But they would get demoted or whatever would happen. Once Trump got in which I don't think Trump's pattern and gut level things good, but I almost think like it's more sophisticated. They put him in on it piss everybody off, to get the liberals who traditionally have been the real watchdogs for free speech and against human experimentation. And suddenly they're like in Gallup polls. We love war. We love experimentation. We love everything. I'm getting chills right now. And so imagine, Joe, I've been on air for 23 years, and I'm a news hound. I spent four or five hours a day reading news. I believe NBC News that our government gave people. Notice I said Peru, because that was a big document. Okay. You just found Guatemala, tracking this. Everywhere. I went on to the 80s. It's still going on. So imagine, imagine, I have literally, by the time Sandy Hook happens, I've literally seen 10,000 articles and documents or more, where they're admitting, in 1962, the Joint Chiefs of Staff under LLM answer came to President Kennedy, this is on PBS, and said, We're gonna blow up buildings, shoot up schools and movie theaters and bomb army bases and marine bases. We're gonna have people with their kids with name change and the CIA get on a jumbo jet that takes off. It gets blown up over the Caribbean. We blame Cuba. But that plane really lands and there's another plane that's a drone, we blow up. And then Kennedy says no, but his brother says No, I'll do it while they killed Kennedy, because Bobby said he would but then he got pissed when they killed his brother so declassified, he wanted to bomb the Honduran embassy and blow up stuff and go to war with Moscow. Bobby was bad. The that actually this is pull this up, pull up. Bobby Kennedy wanted to bomb the US Embassy in Honduras. This is declassified. And so imagine you see hundreds of these. And then a sandy hook happens and your listeners don't buy it. And then it's a psychosis where then well, because every every man I knew and this is not pathetic, like my dad was great. Every man I knew when I was a kid backhanded me and beat the crap out of me. So men are bad, or a woman has been raped. You know, all men are bad show. I get like the psychosis, and I'm not trying to put myself down like I'm a victim. I'm being honest, retrospectively, that got to where when I learned that so much stuff was false. Then later I experienced where I had the guest, I did the thing, I knew it was true. And then people made up a whole story, because they don't believe anything anymore. So that's all I'm trying to say.

Do you think part of it is that even though this stuff does exist, it's almost like there's too many things happening for one person to pay attention to all of them. And if you're only focusing on emotional overload, or if you're only But hold on, if you're only focusing on that aspect of life, it can be incredibly overwhelming because you start thinking that's the whole world, that the whole world has these conspiracies, because these are the things you're concentrating on primarily.

But this this what I'm saying, he just talked about Operation Northwoods that whole thing. Yeah, that was Operation Northwoods. Yeah, that is some. That's ABC.

That's true, clear.

Robot, but if you break it down, and you look at it, you look at Operation Northwoods. You look at that shit, that is about as gangster and sinister and evil as you

Yeah, we went over just a little while ago we were going into totally so my

point is, if you believe that no other conspiracy theory, whether they're right or wrong, like government conspiracy should be ridiculed. You shouldn't there's no there should be no ridicule. You're

right you should you Instead of looking at him with ridicule, you should look at him objectively. And

and exactly, and the only the only people that have a right to ridicule conspiracy theories are people that don't believe in any conspiracy theories. If you don't believe in any of them, yes, I understand why you're ridiculing it. Some of them, if you believe in some of them, the other ones you don't believe in, I think you should be more. I don't believe in that shit. But I understand why. Well,

that's my defense almost no, almost really probably at this record. I'm also looking forward to trial in Texas and Connecticut, because I want to the Lord has already agreed. I'm going to sit there. And I'm going to show them history and all these things to say. Like, I watched the it's already been out for like a year or two, but I watched the minions three or four. And it's like in the 60s, and they break on the set of Hollywood and the moon landings being staged. Now now astronauts died doing that. So how traumatic is that for their family? But I believe

we're gonna get to it in a minute. Wait astronauts done? Which ones? Oh, space shuttle?

Well, we're going to talk about No,

no, the Apollo launch pad was one but

yes, they were practicing. Okay. Yes,

it was we're gonna get to this next. And I respect you.

I want you guys to yell at each other for three minutes. Why go pee? I gotta pay to okay. You don't talk to yourself? Just hold will do and shit. I'll go first. Okay, anyways,

and your bad questioning I get it. No,

you do get it but you know why? Because you know of course of course. Of course. Of course Alan's you you are someone that I could talk to about the flat earth conspiracy. And you believe in so many crazy things about the government. You don't you don't you don't believe in flat Earth. But you can kind of understand where I'm coming from. Right?

Yeah, right. GPS is real. I know airline pilots that fly from California to places like Australia and they've got another wing over to Hong Kong. And then they go to Mars you can

fly anywhere in the world if it was flat if it's flat as you could go from east to west just like you could on a ball you just don't understand what like a pizza is you can just go anywhere like if you're on a flatter flatter you can travel anywhere give me two cities I pointed to cities to

so much I get nothing to do with the past I'm not that the money I'm trying to convince

you to convince you Alex My point is my point it takes you got to you got to find it on your fucking own. There's no way you're going to be convinced no no one has ever been convinced they have to really find it within themselves and and do some dumb what

I'm telling you soul search what if I finance a research ship? Large ship and make a documentary? I can't go away for three months I will pay for you three months I'm not be asking. You know because to me and having money is not a big deal. It's simple. You can do cool things with it. What how much money can you raise?

To go to the south Well, we're gonna need we're gonna need

you guys go into the are in orbit

okay, you raise the money for a

trip. The money. The money. Okay, you

do go pee go pee, man. You gotta go see

the planner going to high school. He's the ambassador for flower. He's the ambassador. I gotta get astronauts me the guy that does go pee man. The big icefields that's gonna be this one. We're gonna do Alex our time here. I

mean, 27 an entire crew.

No, no, you are going to the edge of the flatterer total. But

it's not gonna be me. I'm gonna I'm gonna designate somebody. I'm just scared. So I'm gonna we're gonna do this. We're gonna do this. Joe Rogan? Yeah, no, no, we're gonna do this show with

us. You're gonna find the edge of the world. Caps caps they're not gonna film

the drop off with my iPhone. Yes. Yes. Go pee man. Kopi

Don't you have to go we're gonna send someone else Alex

gonna be the one that goes in a minute.

Right now. I came here and I proved they're keeping babies alive and deliver organs. How

does he prove that? Jamie puts them they admitted

them. normalizing it No, the fuck the governor.

You really think Do you really think there's people out there campaigning for late term abortions. You think that's it's real?

Monday to keep it late who would? Who would campaign for their fucking Kelly RT BarCamps So you're telling me it isn't real when I had a fucking vote in the goddamn fucking Senate that's a conspiracy theory I write

your fucking top you're about to get it already born babies Stop fucking lying God fucking dead I'm your best now

don't get best go

you saw the dude right now

Senate voted barn claim of course I believe that

horse I believe

just playing let me explain to you win let me explain to you we went into a long conversation we played I heard it okay you heard

I heard the whole podcast of yours Jason playing with it

Okay, imagine my psychosis ality is so crazy that I always thought I was so tough

to pee anymore

the point is the point is is that the point is is that dude or not the reality so crazy why are we debating whether the earth is flat Dude they're keeping they have human animal hybrids there's there's a frickin I have been there when people that work for the Pentagon say that they we go the laboratory and we meet with the ambassador. We have to take higher and higher doses to meet with them. They're giving us technology and the technology work. This is going on dude, you want to know this? Listen, relax. Think about how this isn't real freaking dimensions man, the aliens and

Alex think about what I said. I said do you think there's actually people out there that believe that our campaigning listen to what I said he's fine to hear what I said. He said Do you think there's actually people out there that are campaigning for late term abortions? Of course there are but I'm making it seem like I don't believe they are getting down. I'm being the ultimate skeptic okay. I'm being the ultimate skeptic

all the time. He's just

to be yours. Right there.

I'm threatened about Mr. goody two shoes, by them keeping babies alive and killing them and that nobody cares. I fundamentally that's what I'm saying. I'm being honest here is I'm not like certifiably crazy, but I deal with this all day long. I get why Joe tries to shy away and people go crazy. You know,

I never saw that clip of that guy saying that they would resuscitate the babies then they would make a decision heard

about that New York bill that they're trying to pass

it's like it's like

Gotham City where they're

giving a bunch of goddamn fucking organ harvesting doctors control outside of law you heard that piece of shit fucking kk k guy fucking Governor say we're gonna keep alive after they're fucking born. He's because they want to fucking take their organs it's incredible.

He's a kk k guy.

It's incredible. It's so incredible that I did

a picture with a guy on a que que que out there in blackface they elected him because he's black males they had that shit. And when he messed up and said we keep them alive to get their fucking organs they use that to deactivated cheese Why do you think fraternities have you screw sheep and all this and you know give guys blow jobs that's why I never joined a fraternity.

I'm so happy to do this podcast.

I'm so happy I turned

on Europe. It's fucking amazing. It was

fucking world order. Oh my god. I got you. Did you get so pissed off? I'm so glad I fucked with you. We got some doo doo. How many JRE clips they're gonna make? Do they're gonna they're gonna put you to music

GS pulled up MIT Sam they got animal human pigs.

Yeah, we did. We did. Listen, good to go to the link. I'm with you. This man you just kind of freak me out about several subjects. No, no, no bullshit. Yeah, you freak me out about several subjects. There's people out

campaigning for

the record. That article says that there was no written data on that it that came from three interviews they had so this is a human penguin. People were saying that to them?

Of course they tried it. Why wouldn't they try it? If you were if you were the leader of the free world, like didn't wasn't there some Goddamnit was it the Nazis that were they were trying to theorize how to combine humans with animals to make a stronger human? wasn't some of that they

were for sure into that what's there something like that? If there's a YouTube link that you know that says sure, right,

like for sure they they They've definitely I mean, I think all governments definitely give their soldiers steroids. They definitely give them in Fetta means they give them definitely give them chemicals to make them crazy shit. I

would. Are you kidding? That's where they started to run an army. The Nazis

are not the Nazis rather the the kamikazes the kamikazes they would mess them up. I mean, really pretty sure that's true. Read that 100%

on YouTube. Yeah,

that that was one of the ways that would get them not just like nationalism and pride for the country they would, they would jack them up on crystal meth. And that's what they'd fly that plane right into that fucking boat. They knew. Boom, that is a nutty thing to do, man, you got to be. You got to be in a weird state of mind. And you got to have such a

horrible life that you're like, fuck it. Let me just crash into this fucking boat. Right for the gender like happy about their life. I can't wait to escape the ship.

What an insane choice. That's

the only piece he has is when he's in that plane killing people. What a fucking

crazy choice that you're going to do that for you. Alex, welcome back. We're talking about kamikazes we're saying that we think kamikazes were that was they gave them crystal meth right was not a part of the program. Oh,

yeah. No, I mean, warfare is always drugs. And the Japanese, the Japanese learned about in World War One, when they're actually on our side against Russia went back and forth. They in World War One, the Japanese learn about MSG, because you haven't. He's like good foot. And they're like, the military wouldn't complain. They just lose weight and starve to death. So they learned they were fighting the Russians in World War One. to just go ahead and give them MSG. She told you, Brian, everything is super toxic. And so yeah,

monosodium glutamate, like the stuff from Chinese food is just super freakin

toxic. Yeah, but really, but yes, they would give them well, the Germans were big on steroids and methamphetamine.

We're just saying that. Yeah. Well, that's

what this is like in mainline history stuff. By the way. I said I'll give you the secrets of Hitler.

Oh, your secrets. Yep. What?

This is not the BS. This is the real thing.

Okay. How do you know though? Who's telling you this stuff? Do you to

classified it? Beyond classified ad? No. I mean,

Alex serious. Do you ever think okay, because you have a lot of swag. Grandfather

was chairman in Dallas. And he worked for a the inventor of indoor air conditioning. Who was a billionaire in what's the rich area Dallas where the Republicans all live in that place, Arlington? No, it's not Arlington. It's that's the thing right there in the middle of Dallas. Do you think that's awesome. You think Dallas is like all buildings. There's a huge park and like all these big mansions. Anyways, he lived up there. It wasn't just from him. You know, I'm not gonna get into that. The point is, is that Hitler was on the cover of Time Magazine. And he was true.

Unless that's a Photoshop. You want to twice

Well, Trump was on the cover of Time Magazine, too.

But he's not really sure the problem is forgive you guys. But he made his own war, should I? Or should I just give a gestalt like a boil down? Here's the thing. It wasn't just my grandfather. It was these other people. My grandfather said it was really confusing for him. Because he worked for this guy that was in refrigeration air conditioning, when he was in high school and his dad owned the car dealerships from Dallas and stuff. They live there. The rich area, Dallas, and what did they tell you? Well, through one reason he wanted in, by the time World War Two started to drop out of UT and you know, all that and go join the Army Air Corps. She told you to tell me a little while ago, your grandfather is a little eccentric. Now, like my grandmother knew Verner von Braun when he came to what? Yeah, yeah. Well, so anyways, you grandpa

new Warner von Braun.

We'll get to some of those events. And yeah. What did you see events, little providence? That's incredible. I'm getting to watch because they were like German.

No wonder you believe in the moon landing. I get it now. didn't make sense to

say, well, let's let him finish his tour. My family's was what they called High German. And so the high Yeah, that's what that is. Uber mentioned. So they only would talk to people that were in the club. Oh, shit. Okay. Yeah. So, so anyways, my grandfather, the fan was like an Uber mansion. And so your high IQ, the whole nine yards show he was working with this German guy. And he would just go over there after school and work when he was apprentice. And my grandfather watched him get more and more depressed and more and more crazy by the end of the 30s. And the guy could find it and he said, he said, Clyde was my grandmother's name. He said, Yeah, the Nazis had my family in Germany. They're gonna kill them all that I'm having to give them everything. I got all my money. And I'm having to sell the patents and work like for like 20 hours a day, giving everything he had because they're gonna kill his family and Nazi Germany. He was German. And so my grandfather wouldn't let Should the Army Air Corps to fight Hitler, because he had that experience and he was so mad when I was a kid. It was like, when I was a kid in Dallas, W BAP had Hitler's speeches on, because Germans are a big part of the US. And it was the boom, nobody was supposed to join it and, and Hitler was good, and we never really bought into it. And then I found out this, this mentor of mine, it's gotta be like Bill Gates today had everything he had sucked out of him by the Nazis. So that's what the Nazis would do was extort and control so I kind of heard about that. And my grandpa logo, so they sent me down there like a week during the summer and I was like, eight years old, I'm hearing this and he's like, von Braun has a plan to this orbital spacecraft was landed and we're gonna have artificial gravity systems and I'm hearing all this stuff. He's not like markers, the table like talking about it. And I'm sitting there listening to this, and he were talking about Yeah, then I was at least town for you know, Texaco, and the only place you got chicken fried steak out in New Mexico or West Texas was a military base. All these goddamn Nazis and you know, one time I didn't want to do it but that guy smarted off about how they that we're better at shooting our planes down. So I want to add just ran his head right to the wall and I never knew what happened after that. But so you just got to kill Nazis, and no son of a bitches. Our government brought in 1000s of those assholes and I'm like, listen to this. I'm like, I'm gonna read about Nazis. So it's all about can I start buying books? I was like, 12 a walk into a bookstore and I want my cup. They go, are you a Nazi? Like reading Hitler's my struggle? No, I'm not a Nazi. My both my grandfather's told me how bad Nazis were and both almost died fighting Nazis. So I wanted to know about Nazis. It was this whole ethos. And so that's just the whole story of understanding that and then my dad's angle, and my grandfather's angle, and also their Operation Paperclip. They didn't call it paperclip. He said our government brought those he you think he would always say

it was Yeah, but that's it. I think there was several waves. There was like 34,000 a year there was a lot of fucking Nazi scientists brought up on YouTube. It

says Operation Paperclip was anywhere from like 1200 to 1500 searches,

the total number of admitted congressional hearings. In the 1970s, paperclip Frank Church Committee in the 70s released it, and only the numbers 34,207 Look it up. There's like I told you, they gave people samples, you pulled it up. But I

mean, it is fascinating. They brought those people over here and that's where the the space program came from. Well, it

came from the shirt, not as a sick job. They already had the CIA that was LSS.

Okay, that's CIA's Oss. That's

all on record. Okay. I'm glad you question me.

OSS again.

Office of Special plans are off that was before the CIA

and then the CIA. Strategic soda like

the Office of Strategic Services, like what was before the seals what Jesse Ventura was the

chosen in that he was at auxilary the Navy he was never in combat. Anyways, let me expand on that. The OSS T, the Office of what is the seat? One of my cells, the LSS was British intelligence are the most powerful British, the most powerful intelligence agency here. They set up proud house at 22 after World War Two, to anglicized the US with British intelligence, not a British intelligence takeover a marriage zahlt just like on PBS, this stuff is true. They've met same thing only academics are watching it so it'll tell the truth. The general pop culture is all crap meant to be dumbed down and to turn you off, but when you go to the real academic stuff, when the old days a frontline and stuff, like I watch that the novice true leader have the documents it's all it's all real. That's like those are like really accurate, like Bobby Kennedy planned to blow up the embassy in Honduras was like getting to know Nazis.

Nazis. Well, Wernher von Braun weird. Isn't it weird that the one man who directed all six moon missions was a Nazi, and he was brought here isn't one

crazy need and one guy's having a problem his memory? Two guys, did you want

to defend Warren? defending him? That's fine. 35 Nazis.

I've seen I've read about it. He sketched for Hitler. This plan to drop atomic bombs that they hadn't developed yet. So when you see red skull Marvel comic, they've got a big bomber to love New York. Yeah, it wasn't a bomber. It was a space plane. And it was about half the size, but look just like this. And the Germans, actually, some of their scientists went to the Russians, or when the Russians tried to build their space shuttle was half the size. That was actually the German plan. Show show you look it up. I'm not gonna because the Russians took a lot of Germans as well. Right? About a third of them. Yeah, show up. So look. The reason I'm wearing this is explained this is a gateway to all of it. So you'd have British intelligence, that one World War One, you know, Germany had way more advanced technology. They then take over British intelligence basically merges with the US. And then the Germans and others say we've got to go way ahead and technology. It was all theoretic One lab if they couldn't match, deploy it. They didn't have enough machine shops and systems to build it. And US special forces went on suicide missions to blow up the underground mountain.

How about the Nazis? were the first to build flying saucers? Let me tell you, that's crazy.

British cars, British intelligence, flying saucers did the CIA, the CIA in 47. So now the Nazis are over here they go, Listen, you don't want them running everything. And they go to Eisenhower. And they say, We want to launch a off base breakaway civilization where you compartmentalize things, forget empires, and you have a new ruling class of technological elites. And then the elites are all in charge, the public's watching TV, and we'll give them widgets and foundation series type things with the verb is on the documents. And let them try to run an empire will build a whole new empire. And so Eisenhower gives a speech worry about he doesn't just say military national complex, he says the technological elite watch the full 21 minute speech his farewell address is 62. He says or 661. He says you need to watch out about the scientists because because he said no to the NASA plan, when he found out what it was. But as it's a breakaway civilization, where you don't try to run the whole planet, you siphon off resources and build a whole new advanced system. And then you play everybody off against each other and collapse it. So when I say what is NASA, if we could take NASA back over? It's better than the CIA. It's the real government, the spaceships and the stuff. That's all PR

NASA is the real government. NASA there

were to breakaway governments to shadow governments. Right talked about Santa Barbara 20 years ago. It's in the documents. And so you had one that was British run. And the Germans came to the our own us elites and said, Hey, you always need a couple of plants. They said we've got all this on the drawing board the EU, a plan to poison the food water to get rid of the dumb people. A plan for offworld bases. We've got by the way, we're taking hardcore drugs and we're in contact with aliens. How was it given a second thought was the Germans first got in touch?

Well, how'd they do it? Never really cold. Really into the coffee and all the

shit around him at all times? Yeah, human sacrifice. Yeah, the Vril Society telling you

Joe, this is not me. You go to the real deep PhD level history books. Okay. NASA is the German breakaway government. Just always the Germans the Brits fighting for dominance.

So what you're saying is when Operation Paperclip acquired all those Nazi scientists, they essentially started running NASA. So NASA became like, almost like an offshoot of the German government, this offshoot government.

Yeah, the Germans had piled all the wealth away. They had everything should

they make. Does that really make sense, though, that in 2019, that's still going on? No, no, no, no.

The British intelligence doesn't run the CIA today. The British Empire was under attack and just bankrupted itself in World War One. It said, We'll give you the keys of the kingdom. Churchill wrote three books, the history of the English speaking peoples, he was half American. And this is officially in books. We merged with the British Empire in like 1930, covertly, okay, that's what the CFR is is British intelligence, US intelligence. So the US runs the show. Okay, so you've got you've got German intelligence, came to Eisenhower and said, Listen, you don't need to do all this. We haven't given them the real technology. We're in contact with aliens. And they've dealt with the whole plant and

where are you getting this from the stadium so confidently?

It's in the literature man Hitler, like would go literature, mainline historical books about mainstream SS castles where they go the aliens want blood so they kill 20 kids and everything so the aliens are coming in the blood brings them in like sharks. And then they want technology they go this is how it works. You build the atomic weapons this way you build it they would like chum bombers and like the aliens are like telepathic I don't even believe this. This is what the knowledgeably of aliens with mindmeld and given the technology there are bad aliens. So are you surprised that Nazis were influenced by demons?

Know if demons are real definitely think they'd be on the side of the Nazis. But

Joe what I'm telling you is the aliens will be no media. No media is going to attack this. I'm giving

you want to know where I can read it. Where can I read that? Those statements that they were in contact with the aliens. Obviously your podcast

real society V R. L is a chick that's right up there with and like doing a

ritual for three hours in vacuum fly here with a report. I'll say it I'll tell you with mainline books. I'll mail the books with tabs in them. Okay, and I'll mail documents.

Okay, cool. Yeah, I listened. I think that they were absolutely obsessed with the occult. That's been pretty well documented made flying saucers and I think yeah, and I think finding government's a

developed a more advanced form of nuclear fuel, heavy water. And we had to sit in special forces on suicide missions back when was really special forces to blow it up. And I'm telling you, the Germans had all sorts of events shipped, they just couldn't ever keep the plants from getting blown up, because they were a few years behind. Yeah, and by the way, Churchill wrote about this in his memoirs and said the Germans were way ahead. It wasn't that the Germans were bad that the Nazis were bad. But it wasn't the wasn't the Germans that first bomb civilian targets. In 1941. The Brits were losing the war, Hitler was bombing their for their medical facilities and military facilities. And, and so they went and bombed German towns and German cities like what's the famous German city Dresden? What was designated a safe city for kids. Half a million people died in one night to trick Hitler to turn his bombers on the general population and they tricked him psychologically to do it. But but but but Churchill, this has been declassified. It's an esoteric books, it's admitted.

So Hitler was set up. Well, it

was bad. But here's what happened. Albert Speer was his chief armaments and architects minister and British travel agent. Rudolf Hess was the deputy fear. The guy Hitler totally loved. You never heard about him since 1941, because they had a peace treaty with Edward the eighth. Who was the king of England, who was a Nazi and who was German, British family, German, and they had a deal to stage the attack the French stood down Vici French didn't fight they put they put Nazi occupiers in the Dunkirk operation was allowed to evacuate Edward the eighth was supposed to then sue for peace through Neville Chamberlain but it's come out that it was all set up by Churchill and others not that they ran Hitler not they weren't bad they were pretty good but they master manipulated him and never Chamberlain all them and bet on the British people in America to come in they had deals with with with Roosevelt to then bring us into the war and that was the whole master plan and you can actually go to the history and see all that and that's what's so incredible Joe, when you when you when you have all this info, and so Rudolph has and it 4142 He flies a one man bomber he was a World War One fighter ace like the number three 800 and some aircraft look it up Rudolph as he flies in parachutes into the castle the king was in at the time in like Northern England I forget the name of it. He parachutes in with the peace treaty shine by the King of England. They lock him up in the tower for the rest of his life in London and ever the eighth had to advocate type in Edward the eighth Hitler. And you'll see him in videos, films and photos. He was in Spain in World War Two start.

Where do you think the contact with the aliens came from? When did that start? Alright, this

is the most important thing we're not aliens. Lana, hold

on. Hold on. interdimensional aliens.

alien beings anything out of this world?

What? When was when did that happen that I sketch that motherfucking thought come loose? No, no, I don't think it's fake. I need to hear about aliens. Yeah, marijuana.

You know, what's crazy about aliens? Is it. YouTube made a big announcement that they're gonna go after a 911 videos. Anything? I don't know if this is true. I don't know. But is it true that they're de monetizing any videos that have truth or liberty in them? Is that true? Yes, but that's stupid. I heard well, that sounds crazy. Let me finish let me finish real quick. It's crazy how they're going after 911 miracle cure. They're blowing up alien videos. Wonderful, strongest monetized videos out there.

I don't know. But it's true. Strong. monetize. Well, there's a lot of videos out there. Best deals

that the top top of the line sponsors I'll tell you when Eddie's right. I actually know the numbers that blowing up alien videos

there's a little kid who makes $22 million a year reviewing toys. No, no, that's like the number one his knee like one of the number one guys on YouTube. It's like eight.

I'm saying alien videos get monetized fun high level you know why sponsors the high level one because

they're not. They're not offensive. People get drawn into them, but they're simply one of them. It's

why don't they shut that shit down because they're talking about that the government is lying and covering me because it's funny, but it's right.

How did the connection with aliens start? You said this is the most important thing you discuss on the pie. cast me.

I love you to death and you're awesome. That's why I asked for you to be here if

you want to believe in aliens. I'm cool with that. I still love you. I don't care. I don't care about that. That's it. I'm

this is not what I believe. I love you for who you are. I'm trying to tell you something. Listen, man, let me tell you something. Let me tell you some. Okay, I'm not making this stuff up.

I believe you believe it. No, I

mean, the stuff I told you earlier about my dad at the table being offered half a million dollars in 1980. Sadly, that they'll cyborgs?

No, he wasn't here for that part. Okay, he came in later. But tell me how the connection with aliens got started.

With who connection aliens and the Nazis.

When people started becoming obsessed with contact with the aliens. He was saying the Nazi 47 Some sort of a connection.

You know? And he's right. They flood YouTube and mainstream media. Like they always thought it was safe. I thought about the private Federal Reserve the New World Order but went on some big show, as long as it makes aliens and weather. And I was never the alien guy. Right? I've ever been the big I would never

know. You know what? i That's right. I remember when I was balls deep in Aliens, because I believed all that shit. I believe. It used to be that you'd be a conspiracy theorist if you believe that aliens put them out anymore. But now you believe in aliens.

Now, okay, well that lets tell me how the connection between aliens and the Nazis took place. When did all this start?

Well, let me let me begin. Because this is really, I'm telling you, Joe, this is a real deal. I believe you this is you asked Who are they? It's people who are psychically genetically available to interface in this incredibly diverse universe with all these dimensions above and below and all around us with consciousnesses. And the truth is no energies ever destroyed. It all continues on. The truth is our body. This is a fact. Or a communal hive organism of all of our ancestors and all of their race memories, but not in just some compressed epigenetic system. It's beyond that. It's an electrochemical antenna. They've proven this that connects to higher and lower dimensions. Show our body shoe czar because our predecessors would put us in a position without giving us a body suit. That is them. Our families are loving us. They're holding us. They're wrapped all around us their strength, their will their bad, they're good. Their sins, the good things they did the battles they won the battles they lost the woman they loved, the man they love. It's all in us. All these people are able to look into so many things and have so many different experiences. So all the shaman all the ancient religions, everybody says there are the good ones and there are the bad ones. And the and people are interfacing. So you say where does it begin? From the Tibetans to the Mesoamericans, to the Egyptians, to the Druids, to every ancient society describes the same thing. There are bad things that look like elves that have horns, when they show you they really are. And there are good things, but they don't contact you unless you contact them. And then they they're almost not even concerned with what you're doing. I never bought into this look to do it. But then I began to think about what I hear when I was a kid. What did I see what was coming on government documents, what was being admitted, when I read all these books about World War Two of the Nazis and Hitler obsessed with the Dalai Lama and the Tibetans and what they were able to do without drugs to interface with this. And all the rituals they would do and how they were believed that beyond the ether, like Skull and Bones is a German death cult, they do rituals and take drugs to talk to the goddesses. Well, there's just appearing as you know, sexy, beautiful women. It's whatever you want as the spirit guides, because lower entities will come in and violate your freewill, God and His angels which are below him, will not get involved in your everyday life. They will not manipulate your freewill unless you ask them in. But then the devil masquerades as an angel of light. So we're on this planet a third dimension, which is a launchpad all the other dimensions below and above the third dimension, all the mathematic shows is, is the primal see of where all this happens in the earth like an egg. And we've got all this potentiality and God will send out a transmission for a larger plan but evil is willing to come in and what does it say demoralized, get rid of children don't have kids, humans are bad, you'll be will be better once you're all gone. And it's because it's their operational mission for whatever reason that will understand later what's going on. So the Nazis we get the deep literature, they believed they were basically say, on seeing and being possessed by entities that I mean, it was before the Nazis for whatever reason, it was the Germans that this happened to, and the Swiss, like they didn't discover LSD in the 30s. These These people were running the psychology departments, they were interfacing with the occult, they were involved in all this crazy stuff. And it was all about their power and how great they were going to be, the Germans were seduced. And they were seduced because they had high IQs. But more than that, they were psychically connected to each other and would work like robots. This Chinese and the EU want robots replaces the follow orders. And the Chinese are very conscious with a conscience. They're also very robotic. But the Germans are just as robotic. So this entity system picked Germans as its attempt, even in World War One, World War Two, and it was manipulating the Brits as well, and offering them technologies, but two different paths. One was social control, and also their stuff with the Brits. The other was high tech weapons systems interdimensional with the Germans. And so whoever these players are, you can dial into them, it's very dangerous. They're manipulating the British arm versus the German arm. And then they've got the Chinese arm that's almost seen as like a robot army. And, and so when you study it, the globalist go to these events. And they take bigger and bigger doses of drugs, they do electroshock, if you go back, the owners of Time Life books didn't weren't just in the 20s and 30s, in the LSD and other hallucinogens. And apothecary they weren't getting electroshock they were, they were they were having people turn their heart off to like, try to communicate with these things, to try to be dominant and get that so you go back 1000s of years, Merlin you know, the archetypal, or, or these magicians or these, these wizards are taking drugs in these temples, and interfacing with these palantir's. These crystal balls, which aren't really crystal balls, it's their psychic focus, have an interdimensional connection while they're on drugs, looking into glass, to then be able to see the future and understand what's happening to give them temporal power over this planet. But like the Bible tells you any pharmakeia or any of that always leads to destruction, because only evil is going to come through that way. So we're basically have these light sockets. We can't jack into the higher let's get our free will. And that takes time. We jack in to the evil so you can jack into evil you can't jack into good right away. So it's quicker. It's easier, like Yoda says about Darth Vader, quicker, easier, more seductive. And so then I remember being a kid, and and my parents don't really get mad about this, whatever. They even know what they were hearing at the time. But they had friends that they knew at UT that were involved in research projects. And then they were nine times out of 10. I heard about research projects in San Francisco. UT has some MIT has a lot. And anytime you want. But this was in like the 60s, they had Virtual Reality gloves, where you'd put them on and put goggles on. And you'd go into stuff that looked like the holodeck from Star Trek 20 years where it existed. And they were doing surgeries and all this and they would do empathy loads, where they'd say we need the public because we're so weak because the West is so strong. People haven't had traumas they sold them low level. Oh, we're going to create trauma. Like when you go to them hours you're not getting any gravity so your heart shall get when you get there who's organizing all this? Well they don't tell you they go Oh, it's a special class you've been so in the 60s they had

a special class of people that are organizing all this shit is the highest scores but is it's for for what purpose? You don't know. gain

social circle jackpots. Parsons. Was the Jet Propulsion

Laboratory Aleister Crowley devil worship? Exactly. So you're saying generally over 100 years ago,

the aliens given the planet, the founder of JPL, Jack Parsons. Have you heard this before? No, I

just can't believe I didn't want to have Alex on the pod. But did let

me finish. Let me say this project over but I'm not bullshitting you. Okay, I'm telling you this stuff. I don't believe in this. Okay. There it is. Right there.

was patented in 1957. VR machine.

Exactly. Know Exactly. So I've told you people not just family. And

when vibration, aroma, stereo sound color, motion, wide vision and 3d three dimensional, but let me tell you,

they wore a mask in the 60s and 70s. That was already like you see, like paper thin TV screens. And it was already I toggle. They said there's no way this was human technology.

See, we've seen these foldable phones. Yeah, yeah. I think the aliens have already taken over Samsung and Huawei. Yeah. Do you think the aliens are taking over Samsung? They have something to do with Samsung? Well,

obviously, that's what I'm telling you is. The Pentagon isn't worried about this.

Jamie says the patent. Wow. And notice

that's the least of the 60s, I believe. 1957. So notice, that's exactly what you're getting. That's what my dad told me. That's what our

HTC Vive looks like we have

today. This is my dad didn't tell me this. Until he saw endgame. And he said, No son, we had virtual reality goggles. And we had CD ROM and we had things and then something else happened. And I'm not at liberty to get into it. But I was shown three years ago, what the University of Washington was doing under Bill Gates. And this is in the 90s. What were they doing? What do you do they, they don't even know what they're being given. It's intravenous.

So you think it's some sort of alien intervention type shit,

dude, they, they, they to get even deeper, they turn your heart off for five minutes. And they pump oxygen into your blood. And you're in the meetings. I've talked to people that involve me, top scientist. And you're in the meetings with frickin aliens. Elves is the main group. But there's so

by shutting your heart off. It makes you have that psychedelic experience by keeping blood in your oxygen. It's keeps you alive.

Well, let's explain. Okay, the heart goes out. The body thinks it's dead, right? So you can stay in longer. I don't know all the science fine, I understand. But let's explain this lucky DMT or Ayahuasca 200 times most are astronauts a test pilots are flying planes. Those are robots now. It's all mind war. So these dudes are like it stops working once you've taken it hundreds of times. So then they start taking their most psychic people who are able to do this they turn their heart off. And then they put them into these these events and, and it's like the things that aliens tell them they come out and they tell scientists and it works. Show

like we're gonna ship.

They didn't tell you to kill for this stuff. Joe, this is not the only thing they want me off here. Because when I finally figured this out, because I never touched aliens, I kind of knew the whole thing already. Here's what I'm talking about when I was a kid. Wait nine, whatever it was. This one this lady would come over that had known my parents since ut was involved. And she talked about Yeah, we call it the psychedelic research center where the name was, but it's really a CIA deal. And you know, we just can't find people that can handle it. They're going in the hills want this? And the elves want us to basically reduce population and agree to the certain plans and it's always the humanization and they call them the elves clockwork elves. And they're like, Yeah, I'm listening. My parents are like seven, eight years old and they don't think you're listening talking about well, this is what the elves want. This is what they're gonna do. And the thing is, he's not my parents aren't that special. You go out to San Francisco. That's all there is. Dude. It's a cult man. You and all these guys you know from San Francisco dude. You look at look at the head of Google or YouTube or frickin apple. He's on TV. Tim Cook in his eyes are this big under lights. Man. These guys are on stuff that like nobody even knows what do you think they're on? stuff they've been given. I mean, I know people at UT they won't tell me specifically but outside the

dude who owns YouTube Who's that guy? What's his name?

Girl you success

is alphabet the parent company is

or take take

take pitch. All right, dude. There's not like a Jack Dorsey of YouTube. take take take take Sundar

Pichai sorry. He goes in Congress. I'm there. He's the CEO of YouTube. He's the CEO of Google, Google, sorry. And he's literally on TV going. We never fix the result. We don't spy on anybody. There is no surveillance. He got all these old white men. And I'm not saying a white man to be trendy. It's all a bunch of old dumb ass white men, and a couple of dumb ass old Mexican black ladies. They're all dumb, or we'll call it they are going. So yoodo spouting or controlling meanwhile, their own perspectives to their shareholders is how they control it all how they're going to deliver maximum profit. And Sundar is like, yes, it is true. We have never controlled the search result. And it's just I'm just listening to paralyze. Meanwhile, this guy is only the front guy of Eric Schmidt. And God knows what they're into there. I mean, it hasn't been

proven that Google does something to alter search results

I'm asking because I don't know. Not asking to fuck with you. Uh, ya know, what did they do Google

itself is about if you pay them they put your results at the top just like Facebook. Okay, well

that's definitely altering search results. So what he said was not true. If they if you can pay it's like

saying water eight wet Joe. I know you know all this stuff. No, no, no, I

don't know that. I don't know that. Now. Listen, I'm honest about what I don't know. I know some things but I there's a lot of fucking holes in my knowledge base. That's a fact. Well, you

know that they try to block my name and directed toward negative stuff.

I'm sure they do. Because all they manipulate all they

do is all they do is the negative you attack me it's digital currency. You go to the top and they pay you money. Right? Some of your buddy a little tip watching. Attack me lie about me. You go to the top you lose your soul. Your soul, but I don't want to burn this out. It's important stuff to cover. Haley, this is a good podcast Listen, don't in this job is I'm gonna miss my mom. I'm gonna miss my flight. Look at this right here. What is the endgame? I mean, here's example earlier, we already talked about human animal hybrids, mass farming of humanoid tissue, transhuman in game, and we talked about aliens. And you looked it up, and it's all right there. Yeah, that's for the aliens. Creating an

animal isn't alien, like greys and stuff like that.

Do you think greys are like a robot? Yeah, I think I've heard that theory that it's not a real thing. The idea is that a certain point in time, you can interface with that robot so that you could see it in real time through its eyes. Leaving grocery I don't know, this is what I'm saying. If if one day in biological androids Hold on a second. If one day in the future, they figure out a way to take a thing that looks like a humanoid avatar. Yeah, and transport it through a spaceship onto another planet. And you could look through its eyes because you're somehow or another connected to it the same way they're connected. I

know you're all being prepared for video games, where your bow hunting and you're all that. You just saw the 1950s diagram of the VR goggles. Can we pass that famous photo of

you don't believe in any aliens, Eddie?

I don't believe they come from up there. They're interdimensional. I think they're from the same place. We think we're in this vast plane. They got us enclosed in this little thing.

Eddie, you learn here's the thing. You learn what the plan is by the attack. They don't want us having kids. They want us to moralized. They want to break us down. They don't want us to think we expand. And they don't want us to believe that their space. And I'm not trying to attack you. But they don't want third dimensional resource expansion. I don't even know what they don't want.

Third Dimensional resources, betcha. Yeah. What does that mean? Well,

I don't I don't know if I want this guy or not. Oh,

that's a 1950s diagram. No. I never saw that. I'm glad he found the patent. Yeah. My dad told me. Oh, we had virtuality. And then I talked to this scientist. He put me in touch with somebody else. And then I found out other stuff. Let's just say this. I'm not in the CIA. mean, either. I'm not the NSA mean, either, but they've been tracking me my whole life.

Do you think they give you disinformation? Sometimes? You're

absolutely for sure. It was the CIA. It was the former deputy director basically the CIA section chief, will founder founder of Delta Force. Who got me to like two weeks ago, Alex, you're not saying Sandy Hook stage you need to go say Sandy Hook stage. He goes, Oh, we have the people were there. And just because he was famous MIT scientists and stuff. I went with that. So do you think they already had aI computers? Probably. I'm speculating, looking away out to set me I mean, I don't know. I'm

sure this people setting everybody up. If you think I told you about this I don't know if I told you about it told people that listen this podcast but this woman, Renee de resta and she had a podcast with Sam Harris where they went into detail about the operation that people use to troll Facebook pages and Instagram pages and create these were the Russians had created these troll bots and these meme pages where the hundreds of 1000s of

Russians are all doing it everyone's doing everyone's doing yeah do that just Russians are

everyone's doing but the thing that was fascinating was she was saying that they organized a Muslim event across the street from a pro Texas event. Yeah, well, they want explosions they would have Black Lives Matter next to Blue Lives Matter. They'd set everybody up with every bit of blue lives matter is a lot

Morrison at Film School here in California trained on the CIA.

What was he trained? I was trained on Can I can I said this before? And I've said that's gotta be I gotta be I'm not gonna. You got to pay again. Let me go first. So

me and Jamie all we got the Cleveland Browns will go off about fucking Baker Mayfield.

Let me just say this.

They got that new guy from Kansas City. And

the only way they get what I'm actually saying is infowars.com and news wars.com. You have to be we had 26 million subscribers between my three shows on iTunes. All they were doing was linking to my feed. They d listed that and it killed us. And I was always like, oh god, oh, that'll care about being deleted off YouTube or Facebook. God don't figure out the iTunes don't don't do it. That was like devastating. Because people are like habitual eyes listen to you. They don't anymore. But I want to be 100% clear, you have to go to infowars.com You have to go to news wars.com. If you want to actually hear what I have to say. In fact, I'm not telling you guys what to play. Joe, I'm not mad at Joe. But he heard me say that Jimmy Chevelle would go have sex with dead kids and also cut out their pituitary that has Adrenochrome and eat it. And I know that sounds completely insane. He was a famous child molester. It's admitted. And so Joe's like, oh, that's crap. That's crazy. Alex has gone schizophrenic. Well, yeah, I probably gone crazy. Looking at all this and actually caring. Most people don't go crazy. But the Adrenochrome thing is real. So if you go to what's the exact video, if this is a three minute video that I really think people should see. It doesn't defame anybody. It doesn't name names. It doesn't do any of that stuff. But if you go to infowars.com and Drina chromo she read her?

Let's Adrenochrome Oh, man,

dude, it's just you've heard about all these rich startup companies that like well the parents agree the kid has a right to 10 year olds and blows blood whatever we people taking his blood, right?

Yeah, seems like a team blood is works well. For people in their elderly years.

Is this true? Absolutely. Conspiracy Theory. No, it's It's all true. And that's what I'm saying is vampirism doesn't mean vampires are real. It means that attitude I don't know if we could find this a three minute video on our reporters did Audrina Chrome. Oh, yay, you sent it to me. Right? Can you tell him the name is on your phone? You got it? Okay. This is only three minutes and it'll name any Hmm. telling you this is real play

it will give here's the thing start with Stop, stop right here. YouTube just released a bunch of total new guidelines. Wherever you play anybody's content you get a strike against you. You're pulled for 90 days you can't stream can't do shit. Yeah,

now they're saying comments that are bad. Yes. So guilty for what your neighbor does? Well, not the YouTuber not gonna do that to you? Well, I

don't know who the fuck is gonna do it to who? But after this podcast, I think all bets.

This is our own content. Is it true fair use?

Is it true that YouTube is really D monetizing any videos that have truth? And here's what I liberty is that

not everybody gets paid on? Y'all advertise on our radio shows. And our TV shows this big diversified media worldwide, said, Hey, here's where you can get our material. It's a great system. So for 10 years, we built it up so that the web was 90% decentralized. Now it's 90% centralized. And so once the big tech got us all centralized, they went Oh, yeah. Just like when your cash flows will take your bank account away. If you don't support us, boom, you're all gone. So now we have to fight back against that.

There's something to that, you know, there's something to this idea that one giant corporation can decide, especially based on their own personal ideology, what gets put on and what doesn't get put on

because Joe, they're control freaks. So glad you're in the fight now. Thank you. Is there is there?

What does that mean? Japanese is,

hey, listen, it's my video. It's totally legal. It just talks about Google searches for Adrenochrome. Now I authorize you to share my video. Okay.

The only issue I have just right at the beginning. I see it has a part of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Yes.

Get us the guest Now, let's tell people the link so they can go to it themselves show it. But this is essentially about people that are putting old people. Is it people are putting young people's blood into old people's bodies? Is that what it is? It's

that you were and I know what your question is. You're not a psychotic demon demon person. Thank you. And believe that Alex says some BBC broadcaster would go have sex with dead kids bodies in the morning to bring

that someone who said, what I said that I didn't believe Bill Maher was a pedophile. That's all I said. I

said that. His thing is, I don't think it's pedophile either. Everybody I know says he likes women, which is fine.

I think he likes women. You know what we're talking about him earlier. And I can say this, from the perspective of a stand up comedian, we say a lot of shit that we don't entirely mean because we think it's funny, Eddie, and I do it all the time. That's why Eddie said that to you earlier, you really think that someone's going to heart they're going to legislate to harvest babies. He's doing that to fuck with you know, style of comedy. But like, Eddie's been doing that stock comedy since I met him like he loves to do that. He loves to pretend and fuck with you and then get you upset. He's like, I'm joking. Joe,

your nursing that drink? Let's slam okay.

I can have one of them whiskeys over Yeah, we

got another beverage. Oh, bravo is

about to turn loose. Now. Just a little Hey, I get you're busy. But last time you did a comedy show. We're gonna get stakes for this or not? Yes. Do it. Let's

do it. You want? Z vn it?

Can you imagine if we announced we're gonna get six years? No, we can't talk to Joe. Hey, but Joe, let me get real serious. And everything, everything. I appreciate you.

Listen, I'm glad we did this. All right. No, that's tough.

I was gonna say this one to be clear. I have literally been trying to find out what's going on. And as you get older, you figure out more stuff. I am not the one saying there's all these aliens, the entire government. And all of these advanced groups. That's why they've given up on space is all about interdimensional. So I didn't finish up about I don't want to get any tech that I'll get into your take, okay, is that I've got a pretty good understanding by interviewing a bunch of people involved, about what the master plan is and exactly who we're dealing with. Because it's not just one group of aliens.

What's the different groups? And what are you basing this on? Like, what? When you say it you're saying like, really? Like, you're really sure. What do you base this on?

You know about general stuff? bulbine, right? No, don't? Okay. Well, he was a Major General, was a three star general. And he was the head of all class, clandestine operations for the US government for like 15 years. And he said on my show, before he died in like, 98, or whatever, but also in private discussions. And this is like, six, seven years ago. And that was everything like 15 years ago. I mean, this is the guy that ran the whole show, you know, Men Who Stare at Goats? Yes. That's a joke about that kind of whitewashes at all. But they broke through and got contact. And they had volunteers really serious people who, who were taking huge doses of drugs do this, then our NASA was doing it. And that's why they got to the point of saying, Well, why should we try to go to other places, the third dimension is just this empty wasteland, above it. And below it is all this incredibly complex stuff. But our brains tune all of it out if we can't handle it. Okay? That's why like young people, before they hit puberty are known to be psychic, because for whatever reason, they're able to see through the veil, and all religions are based about shakes with a veil. Well,

that's what intense meditation does for you. Right? That's Holotropic breathing a lot of that Kundalini stuff, what they're doing is allowing your brain to relax its boundaries and interface with all the other dimensions that are around us all the time. Exactly. But you usually can only get through psychedelic drugs, but Dark Forces, dark forms, generally, are the ones that are willing, good forces are not willing to get involved in free will. So you think that they are actual entities that are in these dimensions that you're in contact? Okay, there are Have you experienced any of this personally? Like I

said a minute there are there are hundreds. And they're discovering new ones all the time of parasites, bacteria, worms that control life forms.

Yes. You ever seen the zombie ants? Yes. Zombie Wasp with zombie wasp? Wasp? Yeah, they Yeah, there's so many of them. They keep finding us particularly in the insect world, which is really interesting. So

the lowest level is able to infect you with something that controls your brain down to exact activities.

Yeah, exactly. Activities. Have you personally had any experience with interdimensional beings?

Well, because it's all taboo and people let me tell you, I have

100% Tell us about it. Doing DMT 100% communicated with something the quiet She says whether that something was actually in my imagination or in my mind, or that something was something that takes place in another dimension? I don't know. I can't be sure. There's no way to put it on a scale. There's no way through a test. But what I do know is that it's the same experience. I

can be sure. Okay. I mentioned Eric Mueller, who, you know, Mancow Muller, because he's the one guy willing to let me tell his story. I've literally talked to I say, 100 people, it's probably more than that. Because I've known about this for a long time. He is a Christian. But he heard about all this. So he went down to a couple places in central South America and did it twice. Both times was 30 to 40 people in the group. And he's like, Well, Alex, I just don't believe in demons. But I did see basically aliens coming to the edge of the forest. And we were all seeing it. And we're all seeing the same thing. But I think it was a chemical reaction. You don't have if you everybody gets drunk, we all think about what happened to us in high school, or college or what's good or what's bad. We all have different experiences. When you're taking a hallucinogen. And suddenly, you're all seeing the same thing. It just means it clicked off the part of your brain as a filter, you go crazy. Yeah, because a lot of schizophrenic people just see more. And then they see everything. It doesn't mean they're right. It just means that the filter is off.

While I was said to give a run your hand over an insect that can't see they have no idea you're there. They like certain insects that just don't see anything, whether it's a centipede or whatever.

And how do we know what they see? Well,

we don't know. You're right, we by dissecting dead ones, we have an understanding of what sensors they possess and we can we think

B or A fly seeds, like a bunch of little like I told you hexagons

they have different Yeah, we don't know what the exact experience was. I told you the whole story.

got computers hooked up to the damn box. They've got everything

hooked up to those. The difference

is let me tell you, yeah, they've got roped up 35 years ago, they had remote control rats with microchips. They could send 500 yards and alarmed outbuilding with a camera on their top 830 years to get to dolphins to right Yes, sir. Up. They've gotten orphans and mainline Scientific American roaches with a chip on their head that run around. The difference is the word. The reason is dangerous. Is that once you open that gate, it's all bad. They has

it all bad. Why? Why can't you experience that interdimensional being in learn something from it and be a better person.

Because for whatever reason, at first, it's all beautiful. And so you're an Aztec base catnapping all local tribes and killing whoever's the tallest or the smartest. Every time it gets control. It starts murdering everybody. And it always starts beautiful. It always starts great. So you're

talking about ancient civilizations with a ritualized psychedelic drugs and they wind up killing everybody in every

case, in every case, the priest, che we have to probe babies into fires, we have to cut their hearts out. We have to buy congenital

True or False Supposedly, the mushrooms were used by the Aztecs so that they wouldn't resist that get them all high on mushrooms. It was beyond that we had a

cocktail, they don't resist of hallucinogens and toxins that would give him an enema. True or false though

they didn't use mushrooms just to keep them sedated.

It makes sense if you get they killed, pull this up. I think the tempo I forget how you said to con to a con. But in this one temple, I think they killed some insane amount of people after it was constructed as after the 10s of 1000s. They sacrifice 10s of 1000s of people, the ones that were actually working to build the temple once they've killed everybody.

Real real university hedge who I want to hear from them. There's the Mayans. And they said, Yeah, no, we're open air dimensional gate. The gods want blood. And they didn't take it internally to the mouth. They would take enemas of dozens of hallucinogens and alcohol. And so the priests would take a couple of drugs. And then the priests wanted to communicate with the aliens. And the aliens wanted blood. And they also said it was more like we're chopping hearts out. Yes, sir. Okay, we did 1000 Okay, the gates open. It's open. Here it

goes. Jamie says it says they, between Wow. Between 10,080 1400 persons were sacrificed in the ceremony and 1487 when the Aztecs completed the temple, and how do you say the temple name pull up the top of that? How do you say I'm rich? Good. It's a it's all over? How do you say the temple name? Oh, didn't say that's Mexico City to a con.

thing I'm saying Mexico cities where they think they killed about 5 million people. Flushing this is one day

fucking insane. They killed 80,000 people in a couple of days. That's bananas come by the

way you go down there. And you're walking around in the woods and the Mayan guy goes the bones and they pick up and you're like it's not graveled it's petrified bones are Everywhere Oh my God, let me go further. The priesthood were meat sellers. This happened in Europe as well. They would hang people up and the stores the market is below the temples. And so you would eat the meat and the most valuable meat was warriors. Like when you won the ball throwing game that went on for days they would

kill you. They killed you. The ones who won were murdered this is the thing they used to think that they sacrificed the losing team now they realize the sacrifice the winning team I had a bit about for a while where I was like that must be the longest fucking game ever. dropping the ball fucking up. They

were all fighting because they wanted to they believe that yeah, they said quits Kotla Paudel the flying serpent quits aquatic because aquatalia is going to you're going to interface it upload its brain and you look at their paintings it's all like spaceships and dials and they have perfect in the Spanish museum for 20 years proving is not a hoax because there's there's there's drawings out a 20 year old Spanish textbooks, but you know, see it a a it's about like a half foot long. It's a looks like a jumbo jet with the windows and the engines.

True or false? The Mayans smoked penis blood? They did. They did what they did was I made that shit I'm

just being silly.

So they took they took long lines of leather jagwar leather and it had it had had nails on it and an or had like spiky things glass and they would put it in their channels. The most skilled easy freeze the high priests whatever sacrificing people for hours taking Lucena Jensen would would like not try to cut his testicles off but only the most skilled would sit there and draw them through

and they would smoke the blood to their ancestors

the lower the lower priest within Pathak to their answer they would put it on sacred leaves. And then they would smoke the genital blood. Yep. Of the high priests and then they will talk to the answers

I believe it's just fun people are so goofy look if you see those African ladies with a giant plates in their lips, if you believe that the next Yeah, how about that they stretch their necks out to the point where if they take those things, their head will fall off. People are willing to do all kinds of crazy things their body I'm not surprised they smell Joe blood.

The Bible says the Old Testament New Testament which is pretty powerful. I know people misinterpret it. But it's ancient texts to people that are there. Like like you read Ezekiel like three Burning Wheels land. Yeah, there's a blue firm it over its head, it gives me something to take I take it I'm given the full data of the plan that that that the genetics has been infested, and God must destroy everyone. That's

an alien story. Oh, it's 100%. But that's what they always talk about there was talking about that being an alien story. That's why one of the primary stories when they would talk about the Bible zekiel is vision, a wheel within a wheel that they always thought of

you read it? Yeah, it says floating off the ground and the Hebrew Yeah, and the King James is pretty clear to floating comes a thing with a crystal firm and over its head. And then the face is shifting different creatures. It's like a video screen. Well, if

you think about how long it would take for an alien to get here, it really only makes sense that unless they have a constant basis that a robot they visit, or if they if they came by themselves, they came by themselves a long fucking time ago. Look, if they were able to make interstellar travel, like 3000 years ago, which is not that big of a leap. If you think about us, 3000 years from now, we probably can do something like that. Right? So if they were doing that 3000 years ago, and they found human beings and these are the stories that we have these stories like Ezekiel and like, there's a bunch of different ancient stories about contact with the skies. You know, the

tabulation? Yeah, there's a world government. The beast is 50 feet tall. It shifts everyone can see at the same time, it's a hologram. And you've got these digital systems. If you don't go along with you can't buy or sell. Yeah, people say oh, that's not real, but it's manifesting

and then go 2000 years in the future. They have advanced technology. They don't send people anymore. Now they send the aliens. If you go back to the old days, it was actually some sort of humanoid are a large thing like all the Zechariah Sitchin shit. Sumerian text. Exactly. That's what I make sense. That's

what all those guys are telling you like Avatar, James cameras definitely dialed in. It's like, No, we're there, Jack. They're jacking him.

Well, it makes sense that if there was a visitor to this planet 510 15,000 years ago, if there was maybe more, maybe there was a visitor hundreds of 1000s of years ago that actually did genetic experiments on lower hominids. If that was really the case. It makes sense that their technology would increase far more rapid but let's go

past that. Obviously, scientists like to plant things gardeners like to plant things and but that's Joe. That's exactly what the globalist believe, is

that maybe they're just aware of what the fuck is going on there as powerless as we are If the renal

artery more and more they only put soulless people in charge who are compartmentalized nobody else knows who will carry this out but we're able because we're advanced look at this because let's just get down to brass tacks tax

love tax law. No, Joe, you

just said it instead of some weird dumb preacher you know, in Alabama bashing Alabama saying stuff you get mad at this. Don't look at lots of demonized look at why it's demonized. Think about that. Right? Think about how it says that there's no reality and God creates a whole new virtual reality gives light does all of it. And then his genetic experiment by rogue elements gets involved. It's all right there when you actually look at it, and you expand on it. And you're like, Oh, my God, this is like beyond a science fiction book. And so it's the obvious thing. That's why they keep telling us Oh, look, Piltdown Man. Oh, it's fake stuff. No, Joe. They did an accelerated mutagenic. They're doing to us now something new. They didn't accelerate immunogenic program on this planet. And humanity. What what is the Bible start with? It says we are bathed in the image of God. What does that mean? We don't have God's knowledge of God's advancement. We're the image Well, what is an image? It's a scan. It's numbers. It's the genetics. It's the potential. So we are the aliens, Joe, and everybody already knows this. We are the aliens. Do

you think that we are a product of alien intervention, they took these lower hominids and they accelerated their evolution by applying their genetics.

You know, we here's the deal. They say we're 97% chimpanzee, but then they actually get into deeper genetics. We're closer to pigs or rats. Show I think that this was an environment built for us where the master genetic program and they're all subsets of us, just for a backstory. And that's what the globalist thing. Yeah,

but do you think that the aliens created us like this is like one of the primary here's

what the elite believes. The elves are biological Androids, the greys and then there's other systems going on. And no one knows it's all warfare, psychological stuff. No one knows the truth because it's virtual reality. Once you get to that level, so no one knows. We just don't we're advanced. But we are and I'm not to say it's a rifle powerful. The globalist are obsessed. The elites are obsessed, because reportedly, obviously humans are pretty, pretty cool. We've got some big giant mission. And maybe that's a program I don't know, that we're like, pretty, super advanced. But you can't put something out like the Spartans were when their kids were seven, they throw them out for two years in the woods. You can't just put something out like Like, like, like liberals, you give everybody everything. They're little assholes. So this is like bootcamp and training. And they, so they have to test us and do all this. And basically, this planet is what the people say it's a big testing ground for other things that are going to come. And we are it we are God. And I don't mean I'm god, I'm already god, I've achieved godhood. Because you can see that potential in yourself and the lower level elves will tell you that because they already know you're badass. But if they can trick a tadpole, it's gonna grow into Godzilla to go kill itself. They're winning. So you see, so the elves are attached. The elves are a test on us to attack us and see the survival of fittest, but they're nothing they're like, but by the time we achieve conscious when we look back, go, we're not gonna be looking at that. Because I think when you jump to the next level, there's even bigger war going

on. What's the biggest war

Consciousness in the Universe is an interdimensional spacecraft. Beyond that, that looks like a comment from my research. And it has it has its head as its Corona consciousness, consciousness, it

carries evil in the tail. So consciousness has a location.

No, there is this giant consciousness as God, okay, swimming in a giant system of survival, the fittest that God has created to test God's self. Okay, it looks like a comment. So you got God's conscience and all the good things, the knowledge going forward, but God knows that everybody has to be tested. So the tail goes out. And at the end of the tail is basically evil. That's why Christ says Get behind me Satan. And it's always trying to test God and infiltrate up into it to sabotage Damn,

they do pull the plug in this podcast is a good way to end this motherfucker.

I have your burn out want to fit Oh no,

I'm just saying 1300 And something if the fucking government's come in,

but shall they love

you guys been talking about aliens so much dude. trust me this is one of the biggest YouTube videos of all is

that the move to talk about aliens as much as

they love aliens. They allowed a children's program won't be

as alien stuff where were they come out of space? It's interdimensional Eddie. Well, when

you say aliens, talking to the media that's what it sounds like elite

literally believe they're in contact with these things. Well, maybe they Are you describe what you saw on DMT? And you tell us you

have these experiences where the thoughts become patterns they become like geometric patterns that are moving through space and they change and shift but they're letting you know that they know all your bullshit they see right through you. Is creation want you to relax? Yes, there is a lot of that there's a lot of thought as creation. Yeah,

but but the only

Oh relax to see don't struggle. I wouldn't call them

aliens, though. What I saw what I never referred to him as a look. That's

the turtle one knows what not of this world, not of our average thing.

I would listen, I would think it was Aliens, if it woke me up in the middle of the night and took me aboard a ship. And that's what I experienced. I would be 100% convinced that I went to an alien spaceship. And I talked to these things, the differences how it was like to smoke it and then lay back and then experience that is like I expected that progression of events. But if I woke up in the middle of the night, I was going to take a leak and a light shone down to the bathroom and they suck me through the window took me aboard a spaceship and I saw the exact same thing that I saw when I was high on DMT had to be 100% convinced that I was in contact with aliens. The difference? The only difference is how I got there. Like I got there through a drug I got there through smoking something that's produced by the human brain that I knew was pretty safe. No one's ever died of it. I'm like, let's see what happens to

everyone I've talked to in mash groups taking particularly Ayahuasca. Yeah, they have group events and see the same thing to hear the same. Yes, yeah. Which is the psychic connection. But it's beyond that. You could argue one person's a psychic leader. They projected everybody else's mind. Yeah, but who's projecting that into them? So that's the only way it's out. This. This is why the Pentagon in way

might not be someone projecting anything into your mind. It might be your newfound ability to perceive things that you could, the way I look at it is like, No,

I agree. But why are they all 43 people? You know, in Costa Rica all shooting aliens. This

is a bad example. This is a bad example. But it's not a bad one. If you fart and you didn't have a nose, no one would know if we didn't have a sense of smell. We didn't have a sense of smell we could still get along in the slideshow. I agree. There was a way to visually see a food as an individual elucidation. There's

all saying but what

I'm what I'm saying is it's entirely possible that there's multiple dimensions or multiple things that we can't perceive that we haven't we don't have the senses for that are around us. All

right. So just briefly, and you jump in there ready? Let me tell you what my deep research and basically vision is. Okay. It just means you're what things crystallize epiphany to talk about 12 dimensions, love unknown 12 Being omnipresent. So we don't say it actually exists. To say that is arrogant, so I won't say that. But I have had dreams my whole life that come true. And the weirdest thing like a lady drops a thing of pickles at the store for five years. I have the dream that one day, I'm there and it's the woman in the pickles break. Or was this kid when I was a kid, it was more intense, guys

fucking crazy. So you for five years, you had the same dream that one day it happened? Yes. Was it exactly how you dreamt ish?

Fuck. For about six months, I had a dream of a guy and a purple and green striped shirt. And I'm like, why am I want? Because it's not like normal dreams. It's like you're been taken over, you always get vomit and like a lucid dream, lucid dream. And I'm walking around in Kuala behind a building. And all of a sudden, there's some dude in a purple and green striped shirt. He attacks me. And six months later, it happens. I mean, it happens. Exactly. So

what do you think is going on? If you mean, all thoughts of yourself aside, just just look at it objectively, what do you think that is?

You could say that it's human programming and basic programming in the brain. Do think you're

tapping into a timeline that maybe you can't access all the time. But that's what I know. Grant, one of the reasons why you can rant and rave and when you spew out information the way you do, which is very impressive. The way you can talk about three hours straight get excited. You do the majority of your programs entirely by yourself.

No telephone, I

agree with you, as long as I'm telling you that you're not doing something unusual.

I'm not even doing it. It's like a river is going by there's a turtle there's a fish, there's a log. That's why it's like random like what is this? What is that? Exactly

right. But that's how you communicate. That's like in the beginning of the thing. We were talking about Sandy Hook, I kept trying to slow you down. I was like, I'm not following you down this river. You just hit this one rock, I want to talk about this rock. I want to talk about the next rock but you just keep going. The way you think about things is you're you're chaining one thing to the next thing to the next thing to the next thing. And for people who are not thinking the way you're thinking it can be exhausting. Like you're trying to

write about it all. I'm only showing the electric code

but I'm wondering because of the fact you're telling me that you had these dreams that came true exactly the way you dreamt them. I know you're not Oh shit. You're not a liar. I've known you for a long time. If that really did happen to you, if this is your real life experience, I want to know what the fuck that is. Are you? Are you? Are you on the periphery? Do you have your finger on a membrane that maybe other people can't totally touch? Or occasionally, just occasionally you get a little peek through, and you get to see the other side, even if it's only once or twice in your life? Who's to say that what you're experiencing by being able to see these things that manifest themselves realistically in the future that this isn't what human beings will have five years from now? Or 100 years from now? Well, sure, exactly. We

think of like a shell foamy magic otter,

we think we're all the same. That's the thing. We think we're all the same. We're not all the same. We're not all the same in our ability to talk, you can talk for a lot longer than I do. Eddie Bravo could talk about jujitsu better than both of us. He needs a musician. So you and I both suck at music, right? So there's certain things that people can do that you can't let

me try to describe it. And they'll use it against me, but no, say don't touch it, because it's their whole religion. And again, Stan, I'm talking about it. By the time I was like three years old, I would have this dream that God has. Because God knows everything is a super intelligent, omnipresent, unlimited dimensions, but God doesn't know where God came from. So just like we're trying to find out where we came from. God is like a virtual reality simulation as well. And God is constantly running every program, every operation, turning evil, loose, could lose everything show I would have these dreams. But the earliest memories, like two, three years old, where I would fly out to the edge of infinity. And it was it was continual message, find out where we came from, find out where it is. And it would just be this big, giant spinning black vortex, like a black hole. And then I would have to go into that, trying to figure out what was going on. And never, it was the same thing. And so it's just incredible frustration. So then growing up and dealing with things and questioning politics and questioning all these other areas. That having dreams that come true, exactly. And like knowing what's going to happen before it happens, and then questioning it. And then it never being wrong. Like weird, like crazy stuff, man. Like, like just so much stuff where it becomes like you can't even deal with you like dial it out. And then you just reached that point where you don't even know what's real anymore, because it's so crazy. But then you see like the mathematics of the whole system. And you know how it works. It's not like you're schizophrenic. You talk about it, you deal with it and actually works like now when you find a system, you automatically know what to do. Like when you talk about something the President word for word repeats me Trump is what freaks him out word for word, a whole speeches, like whole things and I'm on a power trip. That's what they flipped out about at the CIA and everywhere else. And they're like, well, Jones is like connected to Trump and I think Trump's like an idiot savant.

What does that have to do with the speech? Explain that Trump speech? I'm trying to follow I don't even know I don't even know the thing.

It's hard to follow you sometimes. Because

you were talking about Trump's Trump's

ability. Well, even before that, he was talking about God.

Oh, yeah. So God. God knows everything except where God came from.

That's a good sound bite right there.

Do you think that God is just like every other system that we see? Like think of this? There's no one odd is the motion because no one heard there's no one bird that's running all the birds. There's no one person that's running all the people because it's all chaos. Even if we elect someone if they have the fuck people hate them. Everybody's in chaos. There's cotton. They're trying constant power struggle. Are you so do you think that God has centralized? Do you think that the idea of God is decentralized that maybe God is a real thing? But God is not one person? God is literally Free Will organisms God is not just Free Will God it's consciousness. It's all the organisms it's every fucking technological innovation. I

think God's will tell us the thing. No, I agree with you. New Age is a counterfeit Joe I agree with counterfeit. No confidence it's real. Oh, because they all say Oh, God is everything Oh, it was true. God is experiencing consciousness are all of us. There's there's you know, Mike,

wherever hard time saying that. I know this. I could say God might be decentralized. I could say God might just be just like every other organism on the planet. It's just something that's moving in a certain direction, trying to protect itself and trying to procreate and trying to advance trying to innovate and trying to be better than it was yesterday. It's like everything is doing every fucking animal that started out as a single celled organism is trying to survive and create themselves well, it's not necessarily that it didn't create itself. It's something created it slowly but surely, let's say that through the process, revolution and mutation, this

is the heat go on when people go on for hours. We should do an epic podcast but the point is, we should not give up. Let's don't give up the point as If there is a pro human future and a pro freewill future, and the globalist or, or the anti human, anti freewill future. So all I know is just swim towards the line. This is pro human future. This

is the point. And this is one of the reasons why I wanted to discuss this with you. And this is one of the things that I've talked about with Tim Poole recently. And one of the things that when we have a revised podcast, which is coming up very soon with Jack from Twitter, we all need to talk about open communication, that this is it's very bad for all people involved, to shut people down from communicating. As long as they're not doing anything to actively try to harm somebody. They said

those that make peaceful, peaceful action or whatever he said, people that make peaceful action, illegal, make violence inevitable. And

that's a you might have paraphrase it, but that's a perfect quote. People don't like being left on the outside. And that's what I came. One of the things about you and I have in this conversation and we had our blow up is coming to understand that you felt like you were left on the outside, and me as a person who was constantly busy and wasn't paying attention that it was selfish of me to not pay attention to how you must have felt to be stuck on the outside. Well, I just felt regardless of what you did, what were you wish you didn't do or didn't do? What I like about you is what we saw today. I mean, one of the best things about this podcast is I got to show people what I really love about Alex Jones, you're fucking fun. This is hilarious and you say a lot of shit that turns out to be real and turns out to be of real concern. And you make some really good points about all the shit

that has shown in the past. I don't want to be right about them killing

babies doesn't work. I know you don't want to be around about human you don't have to be you don't mean doesn't matter whether you right here. Oh, Jesus, what's

your longest podcast? We're

going? No, don't do that. That was like six hours. I think Kevin Smith was the longest he's like five and a half. Fuck that dude. Oh, he's a great guy. Just kidding. Okay, 30 more. You're gonna find man hours. Look, here's listen.

I'll be honest with you. I'm kind of retarded in that No, no, no, that's gonna be a soundbite.

They're gonna put that to mariachi music.

No

I might have to use Elon Musk. Flame thrower to light the next choice.

Tobacco No, no, seriously, when it comes to regular

regular tobacco with no marijuana at all. Would you like some? Yes. Okay.

Nobody no weed for our guts never wrong. That the show it'll

show your your points because there's no one points. That's

all I got points. 100% Yeah, 100%

I ain't got no points.

He's got some great points. No,

no. Eddie Eddie.

Big UFC is the ambassador

of the Flat Earth Society. No, he's not.

Eddie barely listen, he doesn't believe more than he believes this became a universal truth. He would fucking start believing the Earth is round. No Flat Earth

Society contrary is flat the Flat Earth Society is controlled opposition. Nobody gets in flatter. Okay.

Listen, I know there's a lot of bullshit. So I want her to sign. Real. I respect you. I do. I love you. The point is, is that I'm asking you a real question here. Okay. It'd be the biggest documentary in history. It only costs like a million dollars. Okay, let's do that. 50,000 tonne big ship and to have it circumnavigate the planet and you will be there with GPS No, no, I'm

not gonna be there. No, we're gonna get someone to represent me there. Okay. We're not doing

we're launching the discovery of flat Earth project. Well

that Rocket Man dudes already shooting himself in the space. Isn't he like

really easy, you know, you know you prove the earth that we really live on a ball how when you when they supposedly make those missions to the ISS when they shoot up? Just have that one of the astronauts that's going to go to the ISS just have a GoPro camera on his on his helmet and just go uncut. No cuts. No cuts from the time you get on that ship to the time you dock and I want you to dock

and Fred No, I'm freaking Synology who's

listening at the sock be combative here, but it's competitive. So we talked I know but you talking over each other? If that did happened, would you you want someone's tobacco? Alex Jones.

Dude, sure if that happened was the first time I'm saying this. I've been saying if that happened that happened.

You let it go? Yeah.

There's no footage of the construction of the International Space Station. There is no footage. It just appears there's not a spare. There's no footage of the commercial modules of the internationals Are you sure about that? 100% There's no footage of the construction.

That shit. I don't handle that we're at the space station. I've known astronauts. They're real people, man. They were there. They are real people. I didn't

say they weren't real. So you don't think it's really constructed? Or you would like to see the footage first. Listen,

listen, if you know there's a there's a debate. Let me finish to let me just there's a debate out there. Whether you believe we went to the moon or not you everyone needs to acknowledge there is the debate. There's people that want to make the laser Hold on, hold on. There's people that believe we went to the moon, and there's people believe that we faked it, you have to understand both recitals. Exactly, exactly. So when you talk about the people that don't believe we went to the moon, when they also say they're faking other spaceship, too, you have to kind of understand where they're coming from, what they believe whether they win or not, maybe we were maybe we didn't I don't know. But there's people that don't believe it. So when they don't, you should understand it. They have no trust for any of that. How many times you gotta fake going to the moon? Before you go. Okay, before that bullshit meter just fucking

explodes. No, I agree. Let's get it out about Sandy Hook, which I think happened. Right to question Oh, one. I was watching minions three or four where they go to us. And they run through the minions unit run through Hollywood and they're staging the moon landing. People have a right to do that. Let's do this. Nobody wants to send people up. It's a bunch of die. A bunch of test pilots die. We fly on jumbo jets around the country. Our cell phones work.

Do you hear we definitely went to the moon. Absolutely. 100% Absolutely bet your life on it. But

the difference is, is that they say I say it didn't happen. The truth is that we have a tablet Alex Jones denies moon landing.

I've denied it a bunch of times. You

know, they say Alex Jones says that there are you human slaves on Mars ever said it. But all I'm saying is I know the real NASA people. And

Wernher von Braun the guy who directed all 6 million missions was a Nazi Correct? Yes. He hung out with Walt Disney Correct? Yeah, yeah, who in the 50s just made up space they never known whenever went to space how much space what

had space? Why was on the phone do you for 45 minutes this morning? I told you I have a 12 inch telescope 12 inch diameter opening aperture Yes. It's a friggin merger taken 35 millimeter it's there it's there all

the shit you see when you look up it's there. You get a telescope you're

not gonna have spaces fade compensates you told me the fucking like effect. I can't do this.

I didn't say that lightly. I don't know. Well, I don't know what

I the way I describe this is the same way I talked about jujitsu you you should never talk about how effective martial arts

can prove that shit. You can't pull this thing camp 3 million miles

you got to believe are we even real people that have souls and freewill because you can say maybe we don't even exist. You don't exist. Joe doesn't exist. And nobody exists. So because you

have a space this big talk fucking head will

break. Not real. It's not do it?

No, but the only the only my point of all that was I don't want to have it space discussion, either. But my point is that if there's people out there that believe we faked going to the moon six times, you have to understand their skepticism that Yes.

Like this is Hold on. We actually talked about before when you understand that, that's all this is what we talked about before when he was talking about the reason why he questions anything is because he's he's seen so many different things it turned out to be So earlier, and he was actually saying that sometimes you can get fucking crazy with it. You think that everything's fake? And you call bullshit on things that really aren't. But human exploration

is real.

Yes.

We can do some stuff. Like what we've done.

What like what, like, fight wars and shit? Like what like electricity? That's awesome. Tesla, right? Yeah. Where's Tesla? No, I'm

just how about all the technology that you enjoy and make your life? I love

it. Love them? Sorry. That's, of course. Of course.

No, no allows people to understand the distance between Earth and Mars. That's the kind of

stuff then you get into science. But by the way,

you've taught me a lot and you're a really smart guy, and entrepreneur and a badass show. I think it's healthy to be where you're at questioning everything versus buying everything. All I'm telling you is is the stuff we have now. 100 years ago, it'd be considered magic. And we humans can wait. Yes, I

agree with that. Fucking iPhones.

I know people that hospital and that has nothing to do with the scientists on the main line in the videos running Naza Am I Were we there? Yes, I ran the RCA cameras. We faked the photos because the radiation belted, they called him up. But when we shouldn't have done that, I fricking know what happened.

That makes way more sense to me. And that's one of the things that Jamie and I have actually discussed when we talked about the Gemini 15 photo, the famous photo of Michael Collins, that turns out to be just to reverse have a photo of him on a training mission, where he's in the heart and they wanted PR they use it. That's what I said it was overzealous PR agents.

I didn't go to too I went to three beds of NASA engineers. One of them was Raymond take, they allowed me to talk about this. Raymond was there running this frickin? He ran the lasers on the moon. He ran the deals. He said, What was weird? Is that another group of ships.

And you know what?

I just shouldn't do it. Another group of ships. Well, they had another group of ships, but basically he wouldn't say it. And this is not drama. I was going to meet with him. I met with him at the former NORAD command base. That's the Hilton outside Austin. And he wouldn't tell me like a week later, his heart blew. But he was ready to tell him he said, No, it's real. But there's more advanced. And he had like presidential letters in his house. You look at him. He's like the main guy like running the cameras, like number three in NASA. Like for engineers, frickin she was at Vietnam, ran Black Ops in Cambodia. And he said, he said, Well, we lost a lot of people. But those were clandestine operations. I wasn't part of them. It's all compartmentalized. But he said, You're right, that there were a bunch of missions beforehand, because the US was willing to kill 50 people to do that. Just to

see if they can get someone so no one else will be the most tragic thing for

us. Is that great, Joe? No, we were willing to we had men ready to die. Oh, yeah. Over and over again, for the one time at work.

And that's what pisses me off. Well, Gus Grisham in those the original blew up on them blew up on the launch pad, you know, will be incredibly tragic if is if they actually did go to the moon, but they faked the footage because of the radiation. So they released his bullshit. No, but do you know how horrific that would be? If you were a guy like Neil Armstrong, and you knew that the footage was bullshit, but you actually had gone to the moon? He like fuck. And this whole thing was like, people were starting to why these was over there on wires. There's, they're on trampolines like

yeah, by the way, they all got radiated, because it's true. Like he says, going through this, like 1000 chest X rays or something, you know, even you know, it's like 10 text, chestnut trees. Right, right. Yeah.

That was all the time it was only one notice how

much more notice how the international flights are all now at night. Why is that? Cuz there's frickin no rain, dude. So as you go to sleep, it's a red. No, no, no. Solar radiation from 35,000 feet to sea level, on average, is 10 feet of water. And about six inches of stone. There's dirt. Why? Why is the sun so big? On the

on the sixth planet? Again? What are you saying?

Imagine that the atmosphere is a lens. Okay. So when you Why do you think the sun or the moon looks so much bigger on the horizon?

Why is that? You ever thought about that? I always thought it was just a fraction. Harrison. Is it something bigger

than red?

Why is it red? The atmosphere? You're looking at?

There? And yeah, you're looking through 1000 miles instead of 20 miles. Okay, show the moon gets smaller. It's totally white as it goes up. Right. So this is this is like astronomy

because you're looking at it on the on the plane and I forget. We were talking about flights.

Yeah, radiation.

Whatever it is, you get a bunch of chest X rays. Right when you fly during the day because the sun solar radiation because you're above everybody knows you're in the mountains. You get a worse sunburn. Why isn't less oxygen less dropping the UV? Yeah, show when you're at 35,000 feet that's above there's a Himalayan Yeah, you're you're up there. And there's no there's there's on average. 35,000 feet. This is NASA statistics. Probably not true. At the end feet of water. And six inches of stone. Stickers. There's if you condensed 35,000 feet of dust. The filter. Oh wow. Why don't you hit a filter on your iPhone to turn another color? Put a filter over. Right. So think about think about the atmosphere. When you're looking straight up the moon's fucking white. Looking at this angle, it's yellow. Right? It's big and orange on like, Damn, that's big. It's not just where it's coming up. That's part of it. Right? It's that it's it's bubbled. It's to form. It's like looking through a pair of glasses on the edge.

So you're looking through all that atmosphere. You will get through pollution you'll get through dirt everything. Yeah, my dad told me that's fucking amazing.

Wow. So that's why moons are red. They're, they're red when they rise, and they're white where they go to the top. So all

the shit we're looking at it through. Yeah, we've got a weird situation. Hmm. A big ass one quarter size planet just floating. Just floating above us. We stare at it. Well, it's a full moon tonight. That is fucking weird. There's a planet that's right there.

I felt like 10 o'clock last night miss your call. And I woke up at like 330 and I had to get up and I looked out little fake news. Sometimes. Yeah, half moon and I was looking at the hotel. I'm 500 yards from here. And I'm looking at beautiful it as it's just like, Hey, it's okay to say it's made out of cheese. This probably isn't.

Did you ever see that movie? Dark City? Yeah, I love a fucking movie. Kiefer Sutherland. Yep, fucking great movie.

Sometimes I would move it's like a twilight zone.

It's like a twilight zone. It's a classic. I watched that motherfucker again. But it makes me feel sometimes like reality. Like like that movie was so strange because it was like this weird, scripted reality that these people will show their way through the surface. You should lose your family's real. Yes,

your consciousness is real. No, no, no, I'm

not. No, no, no,

no, no, I agree. It's all we're saying. It's fascinating. times I'm sitting here right moving I'm saying it right is virtual Yes. But your real Yes. Your real to you been put it all of us put into a simulation to basically test us. And that's the big thing. I'm trying to get across to people to him Alex Jones.

Let's wrap this motherfucker up.

Man, let me ask this question. Okay, go ahead. You can helicopter in South Africa wherever I can you imagine the film? Shiki? Sure. Searching Flat Earth. Let's

do it. I'm sending a representative. We

should do it. No, no. You should be. Representative Do you have a guy? I'll have like a contest. You really? Oh, that's a good move. But contest.

Yeah. And then we'll just have a cameraman.

Cameraman to pay for the camera man's flight. Ready. GPS owes hundreds of the satellites was able to fill 64 GPS. So there's this whole GPS and a you can like leave la on a ship. And you can go all the way over to Japan and everybody and go down around India and around Africa at the lantern knew we could do it. If it's

all a flat plane. That's like you're just thinking right? You could do go anywhere you want. If it's flat. You just go anywhere you want people think like you circumnavigated with us and we can't

do this. You told me this morning. Joe was gonna office. You told me this morning.

Not this morning, yesterday. Morning.

You said? You said basically didn't approve any of this. approve

any of what? What do you thought about this? What's this? Space? Your space is trees. You're generalizing?

No, I'm not mad at you questioning I think it's great. Taylor be sure. You

said I you just said that. I said something. And I don't even know it can make this

whole. I got Alzheimer's. When you see this all this shit with like people thinking the earth is flat or people think in space is fake? What do you think that's coming from?

I'll tell you, it might be able to get any sphere in your view, oh, my god. spectrum. So you got people that don't even know they're human or have life exist. It's just all sedation, because they've been lied to so much for so long. They don't know it's true. And then over here, you've got people that just believe whatever they see on CNN. And me, I'm just trying to look at everything on well, they lied a lot. But sometimes it's not that, oh, that was his incompetence, what's real. And so I don't blame it anything. It's like way over here are other people that are like way over here, because they're trying to find some solace and believe there's order the universe. The truth is there's not order in the universe. There's people trying to bring order to the universe. And that's why they staged events, so they can try to bring order within that event. That's all I'm talking about. No Northwoods or Gulf of Tonkin, or whatever the thing is, or taking a real event and making a big, but it's not bad to question that. And so how do we get convinced to say, well, I ask questions, and I need to be shut down as long as I'm legitimately asking questions, so there's gonna judge that I have that right. So that's where we're all going. Just what is the system wanna get rid of? Free speech right to self defense, the family, defend those things? And ask yourselves what are we about? Hey, man,

I believe in that. You can say that shit again. Was it right to bear arms? Free speech? And what was the third one family family? What were the

John is your question

what was the big three Say that again?

I think mystery is what I think mysteries what's key She was saying now you get why I appreciate having me on guys. Like, I don't want to be like my life is not Sandy Hook. I'm sad.

Yeah. Tell me what you were telling me earlier that you were actually even before all this happened. You were planning your exit strategy, like you get weary of this. Yeah.

And it's not like I'm afraid of the fight. But I'm 45. And I've had a long adventurous life. So I'm probably like 60. And I was already like, I wasn't sure about Trump or whatever, has really bad feeling when he got elected, nothing. He was bad, just like, oh, the war is about to start. And then I was already planning to kind of phase things out just because I don't like that when I'm 55 have a heart attack. And the fact they attack me so much makes me have to battle and fight and never give up. And, and so it's not like they even wore me down before they ever they kept me in the game. I'll explain it. They kept me in the game attacking me and lying about me. Because now I haven't well out. I'm now becoming I was worried about. Now I dream about

this stuff. Yeah, that was what you were worried about? Initially? Yeah, because I realized about four or five years ago, that's obsessive, that I was already totally obsessed. You were you're telling me that it fucks with your head, this certain amount of it after a while it just fucks with your head?

Yeah, the negativity. Yeah. And I like to have dreams. I like dreams are like 20 years long, like DMT, where I'm a farmer. And like, it's, like 500 years ago, I'm just like, planning things and eaten food and like, putting my kids to sleep and like, you know, cutting trees down and like, walking around, I have dreams where I'm just like normal and just being a normal person. And so I never, I didn't like the global state, like they have like all these shows homeland only shows them as per diem. And I didn't like calculate what I was going to do. And then I was already not ready to give up, I was ready to move on and innovate. And now it's almost like it's God doing it. God's like, no, no, it's not that easy. You're gonna be pinned against the wall by your enemies, and you're gonna fight to the death. And I don't believe God's a sadist. But I realize it's God's plan. I'm not going to be turned loose, I wasn't just going to do a couple tours in this fight and be be turned loose. And so so it's been, it's been framed, realize that this is all big stage, and God wants to see some people dance. But I tell you the globalist think they're like, run me out, or they think they've got me it's the difference. It's like, it's the opposite. Now they've turned me into this maniac. Well,

there's a, there's definitely some sort of a struggle going on right now. And there's a it's a seems to be like a universal struggle for figuring out what people are and how we should behave. And who gets to decide that. And there's certain universal truths are ignored. And there's certain ones that are emphasis over emphasized. And there's certain ones that are, you know, that are in the Goldilocks spot. And we were working that out. I think that's part of what's going on with human beings. But what we have to be really, really careful of, is that by silencing some people and never giving them any path to retribution, we create eternal enemies. And this is this is what easily could be happening right now when someone doesn't have the ability to express themselves because an evil force wants conflict and what you say is, I don't really know if it's an evil force, but it's an archetypal force. They're they're listening to all those around them. And there's a hive hive mind sort of thinking to a lot of this there's not a lot of debate about

so let's just say this Joe and and to 10 plan everybody else. You didn't give into the pressuring of the threat. It was more than nagging like a siren like a bitching woman, not against women. But I mean, I get it. Yeah, and so that's why you didn't have me on but then you realize I was just assemble of you just trying to live the life and put out good ideas and talk to people, but folks are gonna make you choose a side. And that's what's happening in this quick cutting edge. I don't want you to decide that's

why Ryan Seacrest got it nailed. Nobody's coming to Ryan Seacrest for like political advice. He's got it nailed he hosts a bunch of shows real nice guy's got a great smile. He's figured it out but you understand that sweet spot man

I looking at you going Domi you're talking about anything yourself? Oh my god.

Entropy is stagnant water. Oh it's still nothing's going on. It's all clear. Yes. Dead and rotting. What's alive ocean big crashing waves Yes, it's jersey. I've seen beyond everybody has but I've seen way beyond guys you want to be in the conflict. You want to be in the fight you want to take all your you're not successful Joe? Because you played along with the system. You're successful because you did it organically. And real doesn't mean it's perfect doesn't mean it's bad. It will is real. That's why your success and then they come in and you think, Oh, I'm not saying you're bad. I'm the same way. Oh, all these people are telling me how great I am I play ball with them, because I've got this thing, but they want you because they're soulless. And so all I'm saying is you've made the right decision. And I'm not just saying having me on because I'm a perfect is deciding, no America, still America, the world show the world, we're allowed to talk about real things and hear real things because they want to shut other voices down so they can lie about those voices. And any idea that fears exposure or fears debate is a failed idea.

Well, you know, I have a unique perspective, my perspective is less and less inclined to pursue it in the idea that it's a fight, and more to be able to pursue reason, and to have everybody communicate with each other. Because I think part of what the fuck is wrong with all of us today is that people are so willing to take sides, so willing to join teams and so willing to fight about shit that they really don't have to fight about. And you just

wanted to say this, I'm gonna say because this is so powerful. I don't dislike Donald Trump. And I think he's done some good things. I'm trying to do peace and trying to get jobs back to America. But I hate Donald Trump. Because I got behind him, Hillary was bad. And then he became my identity. He's not a bad guy. But the truth is, I hate him with Hillary Clinton. Because he's who I am now. And whatever he does is who I am, right? I'm with America and freedom and everything else. And I'm not throwing him under the bus to get George Soros on my back, though Liberty Avenue for the for the reasons I'm not with them. I'm not against even Trump. But I get in a fight like this, that's so dumbed down. That then no matter what I do, they take my radical miss my weirdness to hurt Trump. But then all it does is like radioactively attacked me. I don't know how to describe it. But it's like, it's like Trump is breaking my legs every day. And it's not like I'm not willing to go through the pain except a lot of what he says I don't agree with. And he's not my identity. Shani hooks, not mine. This is just talking

from your own personal perspective. And I appreciate that, that he's not your I don't know how many people actually think that he's your identity. But I think that what we're getting at that's important is that we don't know when they're shooting at me, they're going to trump, I'm sure I'm sure there's a lot I don't

mind the shooting at Joe. It's that I'm not Donald Trump.

I understand that from you. But what I'm talking about is just the human race in general, if we could just do one thing, be reasonable, just be reasonable. And understand that emotions cloud judgment, and that when people start screaming and yelling at each other, and you take one side, and you're the left, and this guy takes another side, and he's the right, you're going back and forth, you fall into mindless, it's nonsense, and you don't ever get anything solved. And you never get to understand how that other person thinks and feels. And we're constantly trying to mock people and what you were talking about about the Bill Maher thing about him cracking a joke, and I dismissed it as a joke because it was a joke was talking about how the red states wish they were the blue states and all that shit. That's that's exactly the type of thing we're talking about, though, that that that that us versus them? That me versus like you're generalizing for entire swaths of the country is if they're one Yeah, I

feel bad. Every time I say California is lost. This is a beautiful state. A lot of great people.

With a lot of people here, a lot of them are fucking lost. That's a fact. You know, this, like, who knows how many there's like 30 something million people a million. It's crazy. That's a giant country,

the population of California,

it's fucking giant. That's too many people to eat. There's no way you can say Californians do this. There's fucking Californians that are ranchers. 40 million can't really fit the

whole population of Texas though. So when you look at

where we are overpopulated in some ways, with our technology, but let me just make this point where we got to get this kind of piece. So we'll go, go peepee come back. We'll finish five more minutes because I want to

talk to Eddie, talk some sense and know how to

tell about Buzz Aldrin. Tell me about your boy Buzz Aldrin.

You know, I'll tell you about basalt. He told me

I know where you go. Okay. It's gonna be brown. Cleveland. browns.com.

Can't both leave. Jamie. Eddie, how you doing?

I'm doing good. And so what do you what do you think about the wide receiver of the browns? I

don't think we can turn the talk to brown right now. No, unfortunately.

is okay. Is there any conspiracy theory that you kind of are suspicious of? There's got to be at least one yeah, there's that definitely. One like 911 911 you think? You know, are you familiar with tower seven?

Yeah, I would say from almost every story even the stuff we've talked about before in the past I don't believe the the official and quote Okay,

so. So you know that tower seven was the third tower that went down? You're aware of that, right? Yeah, I'm

I look more when when that comes up all of the surrounding information about what what wasn't in the building's not not the actual event. I know the event happened. I'm not. I'm not so curious about that. Did you see the

video of tower seven freefall speed, that's got to be a little suspicious, right? Red flag gotta come up at least right? If you're trying to if you're really trying to get to the truth, you're like, wait a minute, I

would say this suspicious that a third building fell. It wasn't. It

wasn't even hit. Exactly. That's what the whole story is with tower seven. And not only was it not touched by a plane, it went down at freefall speed and it's caught on video. Five different angles, right? There's five different apps. No one's saying that it's fake footage. That's tower 747 storey skyscraper fucking fallen at freefall speed. Some people are saying I got hit with a direct energy weapon. Some people are saying that it was brought down like a Control demo. And like in Vegas, like one of those buildings, you know, but regardless of how it was brought down, you got to look at that video footage and go wait a minute. And

why is YouTube taking down building seven footage? Yeah, here's why did he go on syndicated radio like 50 stations in 2001. And I'm sitting there that's actually just 120 stations. The last like 70% on for saying it was an inside job. I mean, the firemen blow it up. I'm watching Fox News, CNN at my studio. And then I gotta get a pizza at four o'clock. Was CBS radio back then. And they go Salomon Brothers building seven is going to be brought down in a controlled demolition to save their buildings. So I go back on air, and announced building staff has been brought down to save their buildings. And for five, five years or one goes I'm crazy. Then CNN and all of them archive it on the internet. And everyone's watching building seven. BBC, ABC, let

me ask you, what do you think happened with tower seven?

CNN, ABC and CBS told me the government blow it up the government play the clips. They go, the cops are like, get back. We're blowing it up. And the media goes Oh, you mean the cops blow it up? No. The cops are told, get back on the countdown of interviews. It comes like

543. You explained to me do you think that they had detonation setup already in the buildings? Next

show, which I used to always like, try to follow down what it means. I don't know. I've learned to go hey, I've got five different newscast when it happened. And before is saying they blew it up. I don't know what happened.

Is it possible that it collapsed because of those gigantic diesel fires? Right. And then the tower wanted to 777 had derailed diesel tanks in the basement. caught fire. They said it was an inferno? And they said it cooked through. Hold on a second. But I want to ask you this because I don't know. Oh, yeah. Right. But if they said that what happened was this is whoever the fuck explained it that was making these YouTube videos that the fire had burned through the internal structure of the building at such a high temperature that all of these floors collapse, they pancaked. And then it came but it never happened before sense, right? Never hasn't happened before. Since that's the show. Here's here's the thing about Alex

Jones 18 years ago, would argue every point and say I knew what happened. Okay, the Alex Jones of 2019 is on us. Well, I'm glad you're gonna I'm gonna say I've seen him say they blow it up and nobody can describe it. I don't know, Joe, what happened?

Right? Well, when you look at it, the way it falls, it falls exactly looking controlled demolition. Exactly. So it falls from the top down. But if you actually freefall speed, right, but if you watch the full video, the center of it collapses. Like there's a full video where you're looking at the top of the building and the center of it collapses far before the outside does. That's

how they take they take out the elevators, the central thing first and they do light up.

Do they do this with the they have it all set in advance? So they knew that 911 was going to come in to

answer my question. I don't know. Right. And what they do is they take like some clip of me from 20 years ago, or 18 years ago going here, CBS News and they don't show it. I mean, I've got CBS I've got basically

possible that even though Operation Northwoods happened in Gulf of Tonkin was a conspiracy. Is it possible that the internal fires in that building were so unbelievably hot that it fucked up every floor and they really did pancake on top of each other? And then the exterior structure just collapsed? Is that possible? Because I'm not an engineer. I've had the engineers say it's not it's not possible at all. And here's the problem, Joe. They announced it fell on its own footprint 27 minutes before it did on the live channels. To him, BBC world that's real BBC, CNN, CNN and CBS. Joe Hockey foot.

I wanted to it was four o'clock I've been on air since that morning on syndicated radio. I drove down to the local pizza place at four o'clock got my pizza was eating in the car and our CBS Radio driving home and they said, Linda Sue has been made disabled There are buildings to control demolition, the Salomon Brothers building buildings and by the way we have these clips now but no one archive stuff and so I go on here and I go Yeah, they just blew up a building. Everybody started freaking out. But here's

the thing and then they blew it up. How long does it take to set up explosives to the point where you could paint it normally

takes a week? A week that was the next story. But then I interviewed the head of emergency management for New York Yeah, and the loose change people got him on and he says no I was there they had bombs the CIA you know was patient building seven right below the CIA the FBI or

was an NSA as well everything

he always says all he does like he's been he's it's bullshit man. every fucking day. Just fucking say yourself. No, why

don't you explain it to everybody? Oh yeah

fucking stories of fucking government. Right so there's 40

with a diesel tank and pre rigged explosives in case shit dude. didn't

believe I wasn't sure that even though I heard CBS say they blow it up and even though and like the news will go Joan says firefighters blow it up because the government same thing point you made a good point. Like I've said the government No, I don't mean my grandpa was in the army.

It really did cut pancake from the from the fire. What a shit design. Yeah, what a terrible design me so mad at that architect for

the debates from underwriting laboratory make because everyone went looked at the blueprints. And it's New York. Not defending what you're saying. Because seven was built well it was looked at by lawsuits. They were sued. Tower One and Two though. They were built with like bubblegum and like band aids. Really? Oh, those buildings already leaning? Oh, no. It's a big mob scam. No, they already had they already had buckling in the wind. Oh, no. Mathematicians. Guess that within like five years one building would collapse. Oh, fuck. Oh my god. There goes your argument. It's New York. These buildings are built for shit. And that's when you as you get older, you know?

Some of them are built for shit. Right? For sure. Right? I don't Yeah, I mean, especially back then. When? Tobacco? I do have more tobacco. But I'm just kind of one little bit more tobacco. Yes, for sure. 100%.

You know, Dr. Judy wood is you know, she's Yeah, she's got Dr. Judy Woods wrote a book called Where did the towers go? Particle her story. Her theory is, this is just, this is just some lady scientists lady. Based on the fact that there was this which she claims based on the video, and the pictures that she has of where the towers collapsed. That's her speaking for me. Sorry, she's saying that there was no rubble. The book, the name of the book is called Where did the towers go? She said that direct energy weapons, some kind of direct energy weapons, justified the building's turn the buildings to dusk, because there was no rubble. A

dude gave me a book on that. Trade this. He's like Australia In Australia. No, he's in America excuse in LA. He told me they use Tesla technology. I was like, let's

say you're wrong to ask that question.

You know what, for me, it doesn't matter if it was justified or they've been in Las Vegas style matters. Here's those buildings in my opinion.

And in the World Trade Centers I've been accused of covering up and I don't like to

be what he does. He's been accused of covering things up of being a bullshitter not

like like I'm covering up like, oh people think hologram plates

a lot of people think you're a Zionist shill. You know that that's the biggest one. That's the biggest one about Alex Jones.

You know, I'll be honest with you, the

biggest one will always be and you know what, I always have your back always always I said, you know, when if I didn't know him, I would probably probably think that shows us the show. I know you you are honestly me making it a mission in your life. To search for the truth to you're all about liberty. You're for real. You want the best for people you're looking out for the people Best whether you're right or wrong, it doesn't matter your you know, sometimes you're wrong but when you're old so it's hard for me when I'm like I'm saying I was have your back it's hard for me to, to think you're like some scientists show like I know this

man. People make up rumors about all kinds of people they come up with ideas that they want to push, they decide you know, accuse someone of doing something really stupid like being a part of something that they're not here's the best way

to heat for it. What do you think I'm a shill? They think Amazon is now

people when you when you sell conspiracies, when you see conspiracies against you that you know aren't true. Does that make you distrust Conspiracies by tells you that's the part of it. That's the evolution of you, between you now and you. A

lot of stuff is lies. But then people that just say everything's BS, you gotta check it.

There's a lot of that going on. Right, exactly. So

let me try to answer any questions, your questions. Excellent as well. And the two go together. I mean, I grew up in Dallas, Texas in the 80s and 90s. When it was like the murder capital of the country. I live in a middle class area, but it was still like, and, you know, I got to fight rednecks. I got to fight with races, Mexicans, there were racist white people attacking Mexicans. But I mean, I had big black guys attacking me like flunked three grades in school. And my black friends will say, man, you're so cool. You're not racist, even though you know, my cousin who's 18 Or if you're like, 14 has attacked you. And you know, that was all just part of a development. People do things. It does care what color their skin is, or where they came from. There's good black people. There's bad black people. There's good white people. There's bad white people. There's good Mexicans, there's bad Mexicans, there's good Asians, there's bad Asians, there's good North Koreans, there's bad North Koreans, and I'm standing really simple stuff everybody knows, but I'll go to a restaurant if they've got good food. I don't care if it's Ethiopian, or if it's Mexican or was German. If the food's good, the people are nice. I love it. Like a women like I love black women with white women with Hispanic women. I love more like if a woman's cool. Like I know a bunch of black women that are bitches black women that are cool.

What about Swedish bitches?

The point is, let's just say I'm super gay. But the point is what I'm getting at here, though, not unlike Swedish.

I don't know. Let's wrap this up.

Now. We need to wrap it up. But I'm gonna make this point. I don't know what it is. How was that getting into that? Oh, the racism thing? Oh, it's not about and I'm gonna say something so similar, but it's like, Yeah, you told me grass is green. Martin Luther King. Like, it doesn't matter what color someone is. It matters what they stand for what they do. I go to restaurants that can be owned by Koreans or black people or white people, whatever. If the food's good music, I love Jimi Hendrix. He's black. But if the food sucks, then I hate it. But it's not because they're white. Or because they're Hispanic. Of course, I know. Joe, sitting

next to a Mexican for three hours. 100% believe you totally

love Mexicans.

I do to Mexican food.

We've had a big epic interview. It's been pretty goddamn good people. The end is just not your record six hour though? No, but it's pretty damn good.

We're at like four hours or something. Something like that. All right, I

think this this, I think you guys talked about aliens to fucking really boost your search engine results

will be will be eliminated from all search engine results. But I

really doubt you'll be penalized for this. And so you should say something about that, like, you're an American, you're like, talk to me. Because they're gonna say Joe Rogan at Jones on to say no one died of Sandy Hook

be as well. I don't think anyone's gonna say that. But people probably will say some things. But I think also, you know, the idea that like, anybody should be able to tell you that you can't talk anymore. Ever. If you said one thing that people don't like, or if you do talk, it has to be only on your side, and you have to be trapped out of all of the different platforms for social media. It's a slippery, slippery slope, you know, and other training. But here's the thing, I You're not a hateful person. I know you're not a hateful person. You might have said things that are angry in the past about certain people or been angry about a certain event in the news, but you're not a hurtful, angry person. If there's things that you say that they can say, hey, this violates some sort of a pattern of behavior, you're attacking someone you're giving out someone's address that kind of shit. They should be able to take it down.

Yeah, great. Show is that's not that's not speech.

That's what I was gonna get to. There should be a clear, like set of rules. And you could look at these rules the way a lawyer would look at them and say, Is this in violation? Is my client arrested? Well, no, your client didn't have anything illegal on him and we did a search we found no drugs, and we found no illegal weapons. So but we suspected that he was up to something like that. We're not talking just in closing to

say this. I don't want to make myself a senator this at the end of the day Infowars went from really successful and huge to like Zeitgeist insane. And you take

any responsibility for any of that. Do you think I'm a human? I'm not perfect. Right? Do you think that maybe it made it easy for some of the people that we're going to attack you? And I've been guilty of this myself by providing fuel? No, yes. Thanks. Stupid. Content.

Yes. But that's what I'm saying is they say it, it's globalist funded a big corporation. This is what I'm saying. Closing, it's come out, we're gonna release the show. The thing is,

it's all left wing. That's where it's weird. But here's the problem. It's a problem because you have one ideology, that's overwhelmingly in control of tech. And I agree with him on a lot of things on social programs and a lot of it on welfare and universal basic income and civil rights and women's rights. I agree with him on a lot of stuff. But it's an ideology like any idea Joe would agree with. You have to agree with him. You're wrong, but it doesn't have free speech in it. There's a lot of there's a lot of No, I just learned all

this two weeks ago. But I got documents. I'll come back if you want but you just You're right. I've been attacking the left for doing it. And they're the instrumental group that's carrying it out he would think would defend if you're right wing fascists, who you get to go out for free speech.

Who do you get the left?

He tricked you trick them. And I'm not

trying to force right wing is tricking the left wing into shutting down free speech off confirmed. Oh, Jesus Christ, I have confirmed it's god damn conundrum. Lets

Republican Party not the average, you know, Tea Party people. The Republican Party is blueblood it thinks it runs the Democrats. And it learned what was happening. And I'm coming for a whole show if you want to come on my show. No, seriously?

I'll come on. I'm going to be at Cap City Comedy Club and asked promise

you're coming on come on. Alright, good. So I'm not used to saying this. I swear to god, dude all about me. I'll tell you guys about me. I'm telling you the truth here.

I believe you that the backup was amazing, but it's pretty good stuff.

You could do you could transition my problem

and why do you stand up? Sure. You could crush out trying to light any mood he was telling you the truth. Very good. I'm not trying to like bullshit like everybody else. I'm telling you, man, I promise. It's so real. Like, every time I forgot, I was gonna say, What was I

talking about? You being a comic? Yeah, I'm

gonna transition out of this. What else do you got planned?

We will see other play. We're just talking about social media and YouTube and people who have been able, being able to silence people and push their leftist ideology or right wing ideology. Republicans were manipulating the Democrats, because I

know your secret. You are empathetic, real guy. That's why I love you. And you were kind of like, couldn't handle it anymore, which I actually want to be like that. So then you kind of dulled out. So as aggressively as you look at it, I have looked at all this stuff. And I have seen what their own perspectives and their own plans are. And they go to Congress and they lie about all of it. They're not liberal than conservative. It's big corporations lining up a China, as you said earlier, to unify the propaganda to quote influence China. No, do they get all the technology, we they've used our open society to totally take over? So that's what I'm trying to get through to you is that is that they're coming after everybody. Like you said earlier, when when I first met you today, you walk in the office, I was here two minutes for you to go. I want to talk about the thing you said about you know, the censorship and how once they get us to submit were broken. Know,

what you said was that it was a slippery slope that if you give in 1%, to 1%, I still have this other other 99% and they just start moving the boundaries. They start moving closer and closer. And then 100% Makes sense. People exist in these these control patterns. It's really common. They

keep asking me like, Oh, what are you gonna give up? Everything's okay. As soon as you do like wandering, everything's

gonna be okay. What does that mean? What does it What does give up me? You stop talking. So people enjoy watching. This was where it gets weird that people enjoy watching you talk and other people don't? Why can't the people don't just not watch you talk? What is going on? He's He's promoting truth. He is promoted truth. But I think what they've done is they found these little pockets of things. Some said, Well, that too, but things

are threatened. Like I don't want to put down to try this. I make Jack Dorsey this villain know that. Like, we have pool. It's true. They had millions of people harassing the stock and attacking him lying on he's currently attacking children. He's trying to attack children at their houses. And so it wasn't the fact that I got to see in a guy's face. And I get as a shareholder in a company owner about defending Jack Dorsey, or whatever his name is.

Yeah, what's the guy the other guy? I don't know the got Jack Dorsey. He's a Twitter guy. Yeah.

Darcy Yeah. And it's all admitted is what I'm saying is I'm not even that guy's enemy. I just, I understand like he had millions of people attacking the shareholders. Yes. Did you hear about there's a chef that makes pastries. She's worked for 10 years at Trump's hotel in Florida. And BuzzFeed, found out who she was and doctor and said, she's a cult member of fire. Here like what does that even mean? Like, why would anybody harass a pastry chef? That's

a very good question. People feel like they're at war. You know, that's part of the problem with all the shit. That's why I was saying Be reasonable. People feel like they're at war, the right versus left instead of just being a bunch of people talking about trying to figure it out. At

least take on Hillary or Alice shows or, or Bill Clinton or Donald Trump will chips when it's like a pastry

chef. Yeah, that's crazy. Oh, you

think I'm not gonna be a solution at all type in Buzzfeed targets Trump pastry chef,

I don't think you're boasting at all.

Let me ask you this because I've been talking way too much in closing here at the end of this transmission we should talk about a lot of things one knows I have here

let me just tell you, this was a fun fucking podcast. It was fun. I go this is what I want people to say. Well, there's nothing to worry about. What I wanted people to see is why I like Jones like why I enjoy hanging out with you. I wanted people to be able to see it because I have had to defend that because of this narrative that Joe

say I disagree with Alex and whatever. Yeah, you don't need to let the leftist like make you bad. If I was Charlie Manson, I should be able to come on your show. I want you to call my show. All right.

We don't have to do this Charlie Manson type thing, but

I would interview that here's an interview if the devil

a big blue smoke, you would interview him? Would you want to stay a certain distance away from the devil? The devil

is very sexually seductive

the devil appears to stand up well you just please just go to an open mind shame the devil. It's yes I have hotter now. Yeah, hot.

I've doubled the open mic night Devil is pure sexual so that you know the OVO Joe? How sexy is Adele?

I wouldn't say sexy. I don't think I get it up in front of a demon. No, not demon. This is Lucifer. The big one. The big daddy. You know you never know until he's kissing you. I guess you could be

the next Sam Kinison. No,

but it's a thing like you know what I mean? Remember Sam preacher

well when he was yelling about the babies, Jesus Christ at the top, you know doing any?

We made jokes about this. When I was a little kid, and I was having all these visions when I was asleep I hadn't seen Conan the Destroyer yet or Conan the Barbarian was the first one remember like the demons like laying on its side looking guy it turns in this big fucking goblin tax everybody yeah and when I was a kid that was like a thing like I would like try to in these dreams these I go with as university for like, I was like it's a gay dude like sitting there on his side like this. And then a few years later I saw Conan the Destroyer and I'm like that's the thing from the dream did short I'm saying is you seen like the hobbit remake? Yeah. Where Gandalf goes to the castle and Sauron is not made his body yet right and he looked looks like that like that fire. I've seen exactly that. So you want to talk about what that real controllers of the greys are? It looks like Sorry, have you ever

had a significant head injury? You have what happened to what happened to you?

You know they're gonna MPRP is coming out next week.

What happened? What happened to your head? I've been polygraph you somebody pile drives you what happened? How old were you?

About 13 1314

Somebody piled drive you and you had to change your personality. I got up

and punch him in the throat and they had drug anatomy I was dead. Wow.

So it was it was like

the state wrestling champion middleweight in his cousin or something in the Dallas was like this, like, you know got me down. I was never started fighting and these people. Here's the I'm not a victim of racial attacks. I'm not like Jeffrey or Jesse Smollett is I fought rednecks and I got my leg broken you know, but

so this guy pile drives you on your head unit 13 Yeah, then what did it do to your personality?

I had to fight his whole family fight most his family. It was a game changer. Did

it change but did you have any significant change from that head injury? Sometimes when people have no surgeries? Especially it seems like you know

stuff just got better. Oh

serious like do we gotta get to the

timing? That's good timing. No, no, no. Oh, that's my friend Dave Foley was just on here. And he was talking about how he got drunk and he fell down and cracked his head. It's crazy, but he cured his depression.

Now only sleep like this. Any given time if somebody's a regular guy that I would never try to fight, they kick my ass. Like the average 150 pound guy, you're probably here minus, but when like a bunch of people are coming after me, it's like Darth Vader. And I was a kid. I learned a bash somebody said into the concrete, but they taught me I got hired now. When

the kid dropped you on your head? What effect did it have on you physically, it

was by the Fieldhouse, because his cousin attacked me and I beat him up. And so the state wrestling champ was like a senior comes and goes, Oh, yeah, claimer and he kind of went on my head was bleeding like he'd won. And I punched him in the neck and broke us and had a tracheotomy almost died. I was like, yeah, he almost killed me. He was like he couldn't like he slammed me in the ground my head's blade all the stitches right here and then he couldn't believe when I got up and said well you die he couldn't understand like the energetic Aquila equivalents

he couldn't understand being the nail you don't understand being the hammer he understand

that and then they took me to jail with it let me go on some tough guy. The point is I'm getting killed I'm gonna fight back and so Dallas was what

happened your head after that?

I mean, I never even got knocked out that one he slammed my head in the ground. And I remember like everybody made the joke because the concrete cracked Oh chin was like on the edge of the concrete he he called rob me right into the concrete. Like split my head way up and this is your story. And I remember just getting up was like slow motion was around the neck and the ambulances the police came that was that story.

Did you go to the hospital?

No, they took me to jail for that but tonight Let me go. They didn't check your head.

Did you tell him he got piled trial? No, they sewed it up. They sewed it up in the in the jail. But they didn't like check to see if you had a severe concussion or a dermal hematoma. No. Wow,

go ahead Joe's been the one you think that he's a conspiracy theorist because he got dropped on his head.

I think there's something there's something to people that have had head trauma that become brilliant at speaking things.

It's true. The blast. Like his name was Corey strange. The only reason he was he was better and more powerful than me is he had like fucking, he had six packs, because Arnold Schwarzenegger blinded he waited and gloated while blood was going on. He lost was he loaded? Yeah, he was way more behind

him. But you're you broke the concrete with your head. That's big.

No you didn't the concrete didn't actually break did it?

Maybe it didn't but they made the joke. Okay,

so either a dinner got knocked out he's still got spiked on his no to getting spiked ahead and the concrete me

choking myself with other people for fun. I've never been knocked

out. Okay, so I don't think one

time a guy got dropped on there.

Incorrect. You're incorrect. You

absolutely as if you barely tapped his head, he would have been knocked out.

Maybe not. Doesn't matter. Like sometimes people get knocked out through severe head injury. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes their head. But hold on. Sometimes they never lose consciousness. You can't think they always lose consciousness. Sometimes when I

would get knocked out. I would see like numbers like I was a robot and then read I would see like numbers he sees random. Yeah. Like

that's your story. Dude. Man. When you get to do something about getting dinged with a punch, you see that flash and you realize that you like your central nervous system is like 30% functionally, like, whoa, very, very powerful.

You see Joe's done it. That's what the people say see stars. Yeah, that's what it was a very subtle Hollywood stars because they'd seen the stars. Like each star is like a whole database. And I remember like somebody choking me like guys, like, somebody's like pulling a knife out. And you see that knife pointed out, you're like, Sure. And like you're at that point, you see everything from only those minutes. When everything's clear. It's

like, survival motions. But then you see

like, like the wars and the attacks, the submarines of the spacecraft and like, it's like when you dial into that. It's like total war. It's like,

didn't you say that when your friends would choke you out? You'd have like these long dreams? Oh, yeah,

no, no, no, it'd be in junior high sixth, seventh eighth grade, because we I got choked out a couple of times. I finally stop. And it always be like, guys like it's incredible. We do this During lunch, and we go back and look at some of the press on their arteries, like the bad times when you hit your habit and be like, one time, like, I remember this one time, I they choked me out and also is like a black night with a sore goes. And like attacks me on this horse. And then like, it's, and then I was like in England 1000s of years ago, and I had this wife and his kids, and it was a whole lifetime like, taking care of them and like growing food and like a kid starved to death died. And it was like, just those moments were like, whole lives, dead kids, everything. That's what I'm saying, like you die and all those ancestors. And it was like my kids and kids starving to death and like, people attacking us and so

you think all that information from your ancestors somehow or another encoded somewhere

encoded yo.

That makes sense. If you think about what reincarnation must feel like, you know, when when people have that feeling they felt this feeling that they lived before our

whole bodies are everybody before us, right? Well, it's not quite exactly. So people they underestimated Oh, I live before No, they all live before.

They would also explain certain fears that people just have as children like children have a fear of animals. Like you see an animal with big teeth. Children have never

been attacked by cave but their ancestors are killed by them. Yeah,

they probably got attacked by some bear somewhere and you know, and somehow or another they got through and they survived that. Tribe. Yep. Yep. It makes sense how animals learn things mean animals just know things.

My dog got epigenetics. They have stuff where they can take 10 generation chickens. In closed ut did a study on this. And fly a hawk over. They all ran scare up. They fly triangle. Nobody cares. The exact shape of a hawk makes all the chickens run. Yeah, because they've it's programming. Exactly,

exactly. It's why if you have a puppy and you take it for walks, even when it's like six weeks old, it'll never be around another dog again, it knows exactly what to do knows how to sniff things and piss on trees knows a check for other dogs PIs and knows what to do they know what to do they there's a there's a they know what animals to chase they see a squirrel they want to go accidentally so

what I've lined up is with that when you know is it looks like our species is super old. How old? I don't know. Because I can't even interpret the stuff I've seen. I mean I saw like you've seen like, was that stupid? Tom Cruise movie where

stupid Tom Cruise movie? How dare you? How dare you love it. Jack Reacher has it tomorrow, Jack Reacher to

oblivion. They've got landers selling up. Oh, yeah. The ocean up has a dope movie outside and he doesn't even know he's working for the system. And so that's what I'm telling you is that literally whatever it is, it's like a joke. Like whatever created us is like super bad ash. But

is it possible that there's not a thing that created us, but that we are just like every other organism and every other system on this planet? With this constantly evolving thing that doesn't really have a leader, and it's trying to get better constantly at everything it does, right?

I agree with you. But this is this is one of the stops 360 Joe, you're right. But there wasn't a worm learned how to crawl up the asset of Grasshopper right to programs do that, that there was some prime essence that was put into things that did that that said freewill. And were the top of the food chain or

was it 1000s and 1000s of generations of failures. 1000s of generations of bugs that got into this grasshopper just just killed it, and then wind up suffocating to death inside of it. Even though they were a parasite. They never figured out a way to get the following one figured out and finally one of them through some sort of weird mutation figured out a way to interact with the brain of the grasshopper and actually guide it to the lake, get it to jump into the water and drown it's bursts from its body and then swim away. But I think it's one of the most unlikely but if you talking about things, learning from things if things learn from things, and they keep getting better over 1000s and 1000s generations, but these same things keep procreating. Wouldn't it eventually get to some state where it figures out how to do something? If it is still a parasite and it gets inside the body? What have you figured out? Oh, if I just like grow these things off the top of my head and connect it to the brain this dumb little motherfucker and get them to drown?

You cheated, right? Yeah, they just make the connection all. All the cells got eaten by birds shut down. More animals eat it. And that's the thing. I

think we're dealing with an unfathomable number of creatures that are being born and dying and new ones are being born and dying. I think our puny little brains can't really calculate the exact amount of cycles that it takes. Okay, well, you're single celled organism right to free speech then yes. Does that just make up 100% So

is it the whole modern leftist thing, a denial of the leftist ethos that we're gonna let things be free? Well,

the problem is the leftists ethos is also the idea of inclusiveness and kindness and care. Bring, like the ideas that they're promoting all the kindness, no foul wants to date my five year olds, okay. But what I'm saying is kindness unless you're a right wing person. Now, if you think on the right, then they want to attack you, then they want to they want to demonize you. And if they could shut you down and silence you and find some sort of bullshit excuse to do so, in a lot of cases, it seems like some folks lean in that direction. And this is where it gets dangerous, because you can't, it's like if someone says, Hey, if I knew how to fight, I'd run in front of people. I just fuck everybody up. Well, you'd be dead in a year. Because eventually people are going to kick your ass and kill you. You can't just beat people up.

Well, yeah, exactly. You can have one on one beat somebody, but it's that everyone ganged up against you.

It's that childhood childish mentality, I'll just knock this person out, and nothing else will happen. Like, that's not you setting a whole thing in motion. When you silence someone, you're setting a whole thing in motion. And this is something that we're all learning. This is what we have to come to grips with. Social media has only been around for a really short amount of time. It's only been around in this kind of form for 10 plus years, and we're figuring it out. And these people that think that they can just silence people and shut people down. without it having a bad effect on all of us. It's not right. It's not right. Well, I

appreciate it should be a pattern of spaces. Good. Any What do you think should be done about the denial of the reign of terror of censorship that said, middling going on?

I don't know shit. You know, all I know is it seems that the right is being censored a lot. And when you look at the left and and how they've been acting, I mean, they're acting like psychopaths, like, pick, you know, putting signs up for late term abortions and all that shit. They're pushing that there's people pushing that AOC says don't get there it's It's like someone who's trying to get fired you know, when you're you have a job and you want to get fired.

For your runs all CIA squads, they said, What do you think Alex? It's like they want to lose what's the SIOP? I don't know

that's it seems like they're trying to it's so bad. It's so bad how

much of that is influenced by people that are trying to fuck with the whole system? Imagine if this is like stage five Russian influence just get people to support later like figure out a way to get people to support super late term abortions figure out a way to get people to support trans women competing as women with no hormones.

We're like, some 25 year old dudes like 18 year old girls he takes all the all the titles like now guys haven't

you know, it's hilarious. It's it is

it's hilarious. Imagine if your daughter was up for a scholarship, and she had to compete against some six foot five man who identified as a woman who wanted to play basketball, I

feel a if you've if you've committed a crime, if you're a felon, you can't chop your deck off. You know what I mean?

Like the Japanese model, they said, Hey, because I don't care if you're a trans or you're doing whatever you want. I don't literally I'm a libertarian, don't act like I'm trying to suppress you. But the Japanese said, Hey, you don't get the trans designation unless you chop the Johnson and the labels off. It's like, Hey, you get taxpayers will pay for it. You get that vagina bill, and you sit there and do it leave. Like you know,

I think there's a lot of people that are legitimately trans that's not the problem. The problem is them wanting to compete as women and Martina Navratilova just caught a rash of shit. Because she was talking about it, you know, to the famous tennis star, she was talking about that women are breaking all these records and right after she said that these kids were number one and two were transgender that won the girls high school track meet. And it's just, you know, at a certain time, you gotta you gotta stop doing this

to somebody because they think they're another sex. But like, same timeline, I watched like bike races and running races in soccer and, and high jumping. It's a dude like, it's not just like a loser better than me. They're like, he's six foot four huge soldiers would kick my ass. Hallelujah. And the girls are like, that's my littlest man.

Yeah, there's, there's some nonsense going on. There's some people that are legit. And then there's some people that are just legitimately crazy. I mean, there's like with everything in life is people that are legitimately trans and there's people that have

man wants to see himself as a woman. Logitech shows that Kimball's that happens, that's the issue, whatever, or vice versa, but like, I'm gonna watch NFL, and like, we're supposed to, like, you know, like, a women's NFL. And it's all guys and they say they're women. It's like a thing in England last year where the guy comes in with tattoos, a big beard. And it was in the police report. That guy had like a footlong cup. And he goes do a cervix exam. What kind of police reported this and the nurse said, Sir, I don't see a vagina. And it was in the report, the man had a footlong deck So she's supposed to mentally ill go, Okay, well, let me check all this and decide that you've got all this. I mean, it's just like it's mental illness man. It's not that I hate somebody that feels like they're a woman or a man or whatever. That's the lie that like, oh, you need to accept this or you hate ever imagine

if all this ridiculous propaganda really was like the very, very highest level Russian meme farm propaganda and this is why people could totally be saying this the most preposterous ly leftists, even things like these babies being resuscitated and then killed like that people wouldn't freak out. And they heard a guy talk about that kind of shit. Imagine if this is all just designed to make everybody go fucking crazy. Yeah, that was Yo, I

wish the governor saying it. And I'm doing it. And there's just one point we're gonna this transmission. What is the endgame? What is the endgame? Everything we're told is humanity's bad humanity is wrecking things. But the very environmentalist groups that are doing this are all like weird transhumanist anti human. I'm all transhumanist if I really get life extension, but it's all like, oh, you die. you're uploading a machine? I'm just saying anything. You see the big corporate media promoting? They don't know what they're doing. I've been around them. I've talked to him. They don't know. I don't think I know. I don't think Joe knows. I don't think Eddie knows. But I think in the spectrum of like, one to 100 We're in the 95th percentile of really being woke. And we care about Look, I don't like saying well, I'll never forget like three or four years ago that black woman was driving around the Capitol that military drill going and she shot him and ran the shutter. Oh, yeah. And and it was during Black Lives Matter like four years ago and I had like this outpouring of black listeners and I'm not Oh judge things about money. But like, a million dollars came in like a week. And it was all black people saying We thought you were against black people. But when you suck cared about that woman being shot by the by the police at a checkpoint in DC, we knew you're good. No one knew she was holiday letter. I wasn't thinking is it a black woman? Is it a white woman? Is it Hispanic woman I was thinking their report. She went through a checkpoint got scared. And then the police shot her. I'm not against the police either. Yeah, that was cops.

Shooting a woman running away. It's like, there's gotta be a better way. You can't catch her bro.

No, no, I agree that cop was bad. I think you got it. That's what I'm saying is

terrible.

I'm not some goody two

shoes she doing? It's running away.

She was just running had a military drill for five whatever it was. They had a military drill. In DC, where most of the roads were shut down.

But what's the story? Jamie, can you find it the woman gets shot shot for the White House. Someone? How many people get shot in this country every year? It's because someone just can't handle pressure right in front of the White House about Forcing the trigger figure doesn't know what to do just make the wrong decision.

It's an illness. We don't blame guys because you use a car. Yeah. But but it is true that about half of them are suicides, but the rest half is like people can't handle it. And that was like four or five years ago because here it is right here.

Capitol Hill, United States. Miriam Carey, a dental hygienist from Stamford, Connecticut attempted to drive through the White House security checkpoint. In her black infiniti g 37. Coupe. She struck a

service officer. But that's a lie. Did they hit the main roads, and now trying to like anti cop Black Lives Matter. It's not treated. They had all the roads shut down. But she was

trying to drive through a security checkpoint that could be still possible that they had all the roads shut down. And

one of them was Army, right. And then she went to another it was Army. And then they just shot her needle. They shot against the cops.

They shot her and she had her daughter in the car. Hmm, that's a horrible story. I don't want to know that. But But

my point was, I don't judge things by money. Black people. Because that was really a big story at the time. When I came out because I'd seen the footage I was watching live and saw I'm taking it I said it's a black lady. And what the hell this one was like. They were like, Oh my God, He cares about black people. Yeah, man, I care about whatever they call it. They are. And it was that moment. They like all just bought product. And it was like this outpouring and letters and flowers. Like you stood up for a black woman. I'm like, dude, half of the black people incepted in this country or aborted? Joe.

Those Planned Parenthood groups had a real number. Yeah,

like 60% Some cities. They were hired. It was all set up. Margaret Sanger said we're targeting black people. And you know what the other day I see big population as a dumb white people. Dumb black people all these pay. I get like there's too many people in some areas there are I can get the point is is that you're going to like Target black people and then tell them that you care about them. When you're the kk k Democrats, and you've got Margaret Sanger set up, and you're doing all this and I walk out of a mall, I won't tell them all two years ago used to are the same black Israelite group that was yelling at yelling at the Covington Catholic kid saying you're all Nazis, when they attacked them are the same one that covered there like black people, black people, or God. And white people are the do, and we're gonna kill the white people. And so I'm sitting there walking out of this mall as Trump got elected in Houston. I remember because I was around my wife she wanted like a Burberry coat or something. I was out visit family and these black guys go, we're going to kill you. I didn't hate him because they were black guys. They were literally Nazis. And I remember sitting there in that parking lot, walking across and I said, Well, have you such big men? Heal me now? And it wasn't my my wife

they're saying, you white. Okay, we gotta kill your last

I want to end this show on a positive note. I'm not against black people. I know, you know what? Black

people are like that. 1%. One 10% of 1%. The point is, is that I've literally go to black Israelite group. Yes.

I wrote a story about it on my website, way, way back in the day, I was hanging out with them. And they were saying George Washington was a black man. They had all this crazy interpretation of the Bible. One guy would read and the other guy would like repeat George Washington kill you they dress up like superheroes. It's very unusual organization. Well, yeah. I wasn't putting down I know you weren't I know you weren't there. He you know his take on it. I mean, I don't think it's a unified front. I don't think all black Israelites across the country have the exact same ideas. Keep in we got to end this. It's almost five o'clock. Five out Yes. We don't hit anybody. Let's be friends. Eddie Bravo. Thanks for coming in man and keeping this thing like

the only place is info wars.com and news wars.com. They blocked us everywhere else. It is the verboten.

You have an Instagram page though. You do have an Instagram people don't play.

Hey, they're taking everybody's free speech. We got whether I read the white supremacy of the black supremacists. I don't whether I agree with a Scientologist really with other Muslims. The point is we should agree with free speech and say no to this and not have some sell out to China. Or just to go to China. You got to waive all your rights

here here. Alex Jones. Ladies Gentlemen, we'll see you guys soon.

Merry Christmas ladies and gentlemen.

Merry Christmas. It's fucking on you understand me it's Christmas Eve. You thought it was gonna be ho hum Fuck you, Uncle Joey Joe Rogan here fucking live Christmas Eve. Talking about bugs in your house and how easy it is for the feds. They

don't need to bug your house anymore. They just use your phone. They just turn them on. Jamie. Tom, tell them what you were telling me about that? The air pods?

Oh yeah,

there's a there's a new setting on the new operating system where your air pods you turn on this thing called Live listen. And it's listening to the microphone on your iPhone. So you can leave your phone in a room walk out, you can use just made your own bug. But that means that anybody that can access your phone could probably also listen if they have access to that. I don't know how it's

already said like if you talk to anybody that knows what's possible with electronics. They can already turn your microphone on anytime they want. Bro,

when I was a kid, I grew up in that bookmaking shit. And there was certain bookmakers that wouldn't talk in a room that there was a phone in the room, smart ones in the 70s not talking on the phone. But if there was a phone in the room, they would leave the room. Yeah, that's nice. And all these guys are super paranoid. They were 30 years ahead of their time.

Well, you remember how they got Vincent Chin, they started bugging cars along the way where he would walk. He would walk with his bathrobe like he was crazy. And he would give everybody instructions. And he would do it on his walk. So he couldn't get bugged anywhere. So they started bugging the cars along his walk route. That's how they got him and

they get you at the mic. Yeah. Problem, while the same microphone they use in the NFL. When you hear all those tackles and grunts in the old days they had I don't know that the parabolic mic takes vibrations from glass. Yeah. So I could just point this laser at your glass with speakers on and they'll take whatever you're saying in a room and bounce it off the glass. I've heard there's a fucking Yes. So by now it's world class

they can do well, they're listening to everything. Everything, anything and everything like

on a bathroom on a plane. You have to assume they're watching it. Like I used to go in and do blast a coke. I would always pull my pants down. Go through the whole process. Like I was shitting that wasn't really shitting I just always thought there was a camera that Well, you probably been correct. I've heard things that are just hard about Vegas in the 80s they had cameras in rooms

Vegas in the 80s was all my Vegas

in the bathrooms have cameras so as long as you do a blast, you come out within 10 minutes the cops around you.

When did they? When did the mob like officially get out of Vegas like with a mob is

still in Vegas? Just short spurts? It's crazy. I was in New York last week. And I realized how much construction was going on. And I thought to myself, how much of that is the mob still getting they had attacks for years 2% So fits a $300 million job do the math on that you make a big chunk on that construct, you know, didn't get rich because the construction business is huge. And you got to New York, you know? I can't give you accurate numbers because I don't know numbers. But look what the average is for a square foot of concrete in New York and look what the average is in Iowa.

I was reading something about that the

square foot of concrete to build a building in New York saying the concrete is fucking insane because so many hands are getting fucking greased. You know, you don't pay a job. Okay, so so you don't pay. It's like that one episode of The Sopranos. So what I do is break your balls, you're a GC, you don't want to pay me my money. That's fine. I send somebody from the union down there. And instead of me doing this, come on through. I gotta stop you. I gotta take your book. I gotta call the union to see if you paid your dues. We check your tire pressure. We can't below let's cap the windows on the truck. Pretty soon you got 30 trucks backed up, and you're not making any money. That's how they shake you down. That's the shakedown Are you paying me okay, the trucks go through. Don't wait, what's on them. We don't get all the drivers. We don't care if he's union or non union. It's such a dirty business at that level. That's the shade that from Trump would be the GC on the job, you pay your job run smooth, you don't pay. So 2% of that went to the mob that concrete tax. Then they had like another 2% right off the top to bid red bid rig

bid rig

better rig where we take GE we give it to Joe Rogan no matter what the price is we inflate the price. Even though Jamie comes in $3 million cheap. I'm gonna give Joe Rogan have three and two more. Joe Rogan's gonna kick that to me. And we're gonna do the job, but that $3 million profit plus I'm gonna take 2% Off the top of that $3 million profit.

You know what I noticed? When I was a kid when I was working construction, one of the first things I noticed it's one of the weird businesses that's run almost exclusively by men like manly men. Like the construction guys were burly dudes with big fucking hands. They worked hard. And they were like, these were like rough guys, but they were running a big business. It's like, all these other businesses. If you think about businesses, you think about like computers. You don't think about like rugged, burly guys. But computers and construction are just as common, like everybody needs a computer. Everybody needs a house like constructions everywhere. It's a gigantic business. And it's fun. At least in back in Boston, when I was working as a laborer, it was run by these big savages. difficut big dangerous guys,

let's get more diverse now because the unions have made you hire more women. When I was an electrician, like, three months, and there was a female supervisor who knew her shed, a dad, you know, was no electrician when she was a kid. That was fucking day job. And men had a tough time working for I clicked with her. She was easy. She would leave me the fuck alone.

Sometimes men can't they just have real hard time with a woman to me.

I didn't I didn't mind that at all. I didn't give a fuck. I liked her.

If someone's great at their job, they're great at their job. Just kind of give a fuck what your gender is. Weird thing that a lot of guys have. Right? You know, female trainer

that female trainers. Yeah, yeah, a lot of people go for that. Don't

get a female chin. Yo Romero are the best motherfuckers of all time. What is she trying them? I don't know man's strength and conditioning. She was strength and conditioning training him in this videos watching Boston his ass. Well even like, super savage. You make sure I'm right about that. Make sure my read about that. Because if it's not yo, well, it's someone equally savage. Someone who's just fucking Super Alpha. Me. No one's a super Alpha like, Yo, well, we had him in the podcast. I was looking at him sitting there. I was like this guy has built it's not even a real person

with 12 hours to get over I remember that night we both had spot stuff. And I pulled you aside and I go what? Really think? Do what do you really think I mean, people or is this something that

jazzing it's genetically Super Freak genetic? Well, when

we went to eat at I went to New York last week, I purposely went to Lisara and Tina it's a restaurant in North Bergen run by this dude named Jocko Jesus Christ is spaghetti with a tiny meatballs. I couldn't even finish it. But one of his waiters was a wrestler over the ref, listen to the podcast. And he was saying how he wasn't that good. He was on the bottom floor. He ate the scrap ah, and he but he goes yeah, I know. You're welcome back that just last week.

Think about the other super athletes that have come out of queue but that have gotten into MMA and boxing. Okay. Hector Lombard Duett mulata people, they might look at Hector lumbar, because of some of his tough fights that he had in the UFC later in his career. But if you go back and watch Hector Lombard when he was are on and shit in Bellator, those were probably his prime years. He was the champion of Bellator. I mean, fucking smashing people, smashing people that 185 pounds. And then he came over to the UFC. He fought 185 But that's a big ass one a fives in the UFC man. I mean, Hector is what do you think is five?

Really, nowadays, not

that now. I think he's, I think he's either my height or I'm five, eight. He's either my height or he's an inch taller. But he's just so jacked. When he was when he was smashing people. Like early in his career, man, I always wanted to get him in the UFC. I was like, This guy needs to come over. He's, he's so athletic man. He would, and he's a judo player. I mean, it's like flicking Jack Tector is, he's, uh, you know, he was a judo player for Cuba. But I'm telling you, man, you could take all the steroids in the world. You're not going to move like this guy moves. Josh lumbar. Josh Barnett brother told me that Hector Lombard when he went to the gym could just do muscle up after muscle up and never even trained it before. It's hot. Jamie, I'll tell you it's fucking hard to do a muscle up. He just grabbed that bar. He's a super athlete. He's just had a lot of really, really rough fights against the best fighters in the world. And I really think that some of his best fights, you can say like maybe he was tested more and I think he certainly was tested more here. In the UFC than it wasn't Bellator certainly the caliber of competitions far greater. But I also think, you know, fighters have like a window of opportunity for the most part for most of them. There's exceptions where they can extend that window that window. The the experts seem to think the windows around nine years. This is not a number that I invented. But it's a number that I agree with in terms of like the best you have. You might be able to do it for nine years, or the

longevity of an NFL running back history and a half years which blew my mind. That's crazy. That blew my mind. Then I started thinking about it. I talk about all the greats I've thought about oh, Campbell, Jim Brown. Those guys I thought about their injuries, how lucky you have to be. Okay, now the UFC as a fighter. How many people actually did fight in the UFC for nine years straight? So far? A lot. There's been quite a few a lot, but at the same time, there's been a lot of guys that have had great potential. And by the fourth or fifth fight, they've moved on. Well, you

know, everybody's different. This is this is the thing, everybody's different terms, their ability to recuperate, everybody's different in terms of their style. Like some guys just don't take much damage. You know, some like Ben Astron perfect example never fought in the UFC, but when you watch him fight and these other organizations thing that's most interesting is that he doesn't take any damage. You could say he's boring if you want to. I don't think it's boring. I think it's super high level wrestling. And you need to see how that shit would fly against the best in the world. I mean, that's why he's here now very excited about this but he's a perfect example of like he doesn't have any problems. That guy has been fighting for a long time you talk to him he's his lucid as they come. He's articulate very smart, very well educated reads books all the time. He'll send me recommendations for books. Very, very interesting guy. So you got those guys who like he could do it for long fucking time because he's not taking a beating. When you start taking a beating man pool you know, some guy sometimes guys try to get back in there too soon and they're still hurting, you know, from from a fight like a really bad knockout. Or just sometimes even just getting beaten up is worse. Like even if you don't get stopped, like you incur more damage that way, you know, for a long ass fight than you would in a quick kale. You know, like, in glory. You know, Joseph Valt aleni Do you know that he was the champion, and he won the title against Mark DeMont after the fight couldn't fight again. Concussions were so bad. He couldn't look at the light from an iPhone charger. Like a little laptop charger. That little light from that thing would would be blinding to him. It'd be like in a dark room for three weeks CBD oil brought him out of it. When I

think of fighters. And what happens during a fight. I go back all the way to Bernard Hopkins against Felix Trinidad. Because you brought it up to my attention. I didn't even know about that world. He never came back. Who's the guy that went the distance? That's now in Bellator. Fights out of GSPs camp. Really Tough guy went five rounds would fucking what's his name and Rory MacDonald, Rory. Yes, Rory after that fight that he had. He was never really the same type of Robbie Lawler fight fights affect you in different ways. The beating you take affects you in different ways. I want to see what the kid that at some Barbosa fights with next time. How he comes out. He took a ferocious beating against Edgar Edson. Yeah, the last fight before our kids and Kevin Lee

see but Rory I got to disagree because after that fight he looked fucking phenomenal in Bellator in its first who was his first fight and but not belta Was it Paul Daley? He fought but then

the next fight he didn't mean was a beast though. Yeah.

We made him as a monster man. Douglas Lima is a fucking straight

up killer you know in in comedy sometimes with

Paul Daley. Yeah. So he manhandled Paul daily right it's very smart fight because he fought really well on his feet first threatened daily little bit on screen and took them down dominated them on the ground. And it was it was a it was a very impressive win. But then he fought see fighting Mousasi I think was probably not the but you know, you never know. You got to test yourself. There's only one way to do that. And he knows better than anybody. I mean, the guy's in it to test himself. Now he knows that he can't beat Messiah at least at this point in his life. And but he's a smart kid and he's an animal to me that guys

so I'm not saying anything. I just thought that a lot of times after battles. People don't come back

to say I agree on soften but I don't agree with him. The guy

from Texas that took GSP to the fucking zoo and for Oh, yeah, he never came. You know some people give it all you got. Yep, give it all you got a moment. It's how to react after that. What's going to happen? How is Kevin league going to come back? Yeah, I guess I quit. You always have those questions, which is a great fight by the way. Amazing. The fight I was most excited about this weekend was Michael GAC calls conduit hmm right. He would call those conduit you know, callers kind of have been around for a long fucking time. This name is conduit, but he knows his brother and I'm one of his biggest fans. And if I was in a mafia, I'd hire him from the UFC a long time ago, because he's an assassin. He's like he really is John whiskey if you just give him a gun with his silence. Yeah. And a pencil. Let him do the rest. Go down and you could switch his mind quick. What 600,000 A week.

I want to say that his UFC was his debut against Brock Larson was that it was as debut or was it was that in the WEC? I feel like that was in the WEC. I feel like his debut was against

shit

was it Jake Martin Kampmann was his debut. That's

okay. In Nashville. They fought a Nashville

Ellenberger to write was that Oh, that was Jake Ellenberger his first fight in UFC. Yeah, to Jake Ellenberger was another one met super fucking dangerous for a long time man he received before he fought in the UFC when he knocked out Pele with one punch.

Beat in my office. About three weeks ago he came into my office nice nice guy.

I heard you I told you a guy with dosed him up.

I gave a bong who this shit that was 31% He couldn't answer questions. It was like fucking he's the best the poor bastard he didn't know how to drive home yeah, folks, but not I was not around vaca was not around able to broke this system for a week. If you think Brock Lesnar system disappeared in the fucking system, whatever. Oh my god, boy, Jake Ellenberger. We took him deep. I haven't seen it. But I've heard he told me he goes, you know, smoking once I got into a little bucket. And I asked him a question after that. He was just frustrated. I love that. He's coming back down to redeem himself. I'm sad. He's never smoking again. But that was tough. His battle.

Yeah, you can't that's too much. Most of you.

That's a three foot bomb. Well, not only that,

Joey. For most people that don't do podcasts all the time getting on your podcast is a mindfuck but they're like, I can't believe I'm here. Sitting here with Uncle Joey. Holy shit. And then bone that 30 How many percent 31

That's so high. This is alien. Oh, gee,

this is in just as a for people that don't know the numbers. Let's find out what the numbers actually are like, what was purse what percentage THC was marijuana in the 1970s? I want to say it was like eight to 10 Probably.

And then I'm just guessing it's so funny how. Okay, I grew up. I grew up in New York, New Jersey. So I would go to Harlem. And what we had available to us was Panama, red, Colombian gold. I could be verse, verse, I could be wrong on the names. And then you had from Jamaica, you had this weed called lambs bread. And then all of a sudden in the 80s this green wheat came along and they call it sin Samia. So I was cobbling for the Eighth Street and he would either sell your chocolate tie which is lambs bread, or he would sell you send to me or he would put them together and call it the Master Mix. And if you bought 10 bags of the Master Mix you got one for free gave you got this is why Narcos maybe a real punch 19 Fucking 8283 The guy was the middle of the corner hanging out and the funny thing was I went back in 85 And he looked me straight in the face and he's like, ain't no motherfucking weed on this block no more dog crap. Like it had just converted to crack but this is why watching I told you that watching that Narcos Mexico those first two episodes is so important because it's a it's like some kind of genuine TV show. It's really hard to believe that when they some Spanish guy that couldn't even speak English said hey, there's not three cameras here. His name is fucking loose Desi Arnaz Desi Arnaz invented that the three cameras shoot Did you know that that's hilarious that Desi loop productions all that shit exactly that he's the one that said was it took eight white people sitting around. Get two more cameras. Let's go on the left. The guy that is the principal guy and Narcos to shear as a character who grew weed in the desert. I want Think about that have never been even thought of before. But by doing that, I don't know the science. So please, Joe Rogan, people don't torture me. He eliminated the male plant to make the female strong, and the only way you can grow that is in the desert. So he found water in the desert. Why is

it the only way you can go grow in the desert, something about the climate to roof

so that it's like the Immaculate Conception? Well, you get pregnant without getting pregnant. So you eliminate the male plants or something I do not know this gotta hide this information

watching. And we have to hide this information from women.

So there's no seeds, and the reefer get stronger. That started in the 80s. That's why if you watched Narcos, Mexico, it shows you how that whole thing started. And they were pumping 15 metric tons a year into the United States of this shit. Green weed became a Mexican green weed was what we started smoking. I gotta say that average was maybe 15 Then like the strongest. And then there's weeds now that I buy the 21% they take me to the fucking mountain. But that 28 On above and a bong. You doomed? Yeah, you're stuttering, you're mumbling you're fucking can't focus. I liked that feeling at night when I listened to music. I'm a big mute, like when I called you like there was like October 3. And I was gonna call you to tell you that I love to participate the sober October. But because of my love for music, it's not going to happen. Because my thing is to go home at night, sometimes I go to the office. Like I told you my house is dead at 20 the night. The kid goes to bed at fucking 830 And my wife in bed 10 minutes later. For some nights I don't have a Spotify podcast, I just go to my office. I bring a notebook on an iPad. I get stoned. And I put it on the album. I go down the road and I just get fucked up and listen to that music. I love it. That's my hobby. And once a week I go to the album store and I buy new our new vinyl album. Lately I would know that Led Zeppelin to road that's one of the greatest dirtiest filthiest albums and opens up with a whole lot of love. It just dirty little lemon song. And Heartbreaker, it's just dirty. And then I've been listening to fucking physical graffiti. I love going into those foxholes way that knights don't like gills.

Yeah, there's something about that music. They were the first drug culture music in America. Right? If you think about it, like Zeppelin and pink floral

showed up the hills and they went to India. They grew long hair and they came back with those four albums. Then there was rumors of acid. If you listen to the one review I think that revolved one of those. John Lennon spreads acid right, then that was that. I

mean, there's there's a lot of musicians from that era that are great that aren't associated with drugs. But if you think of Hendrix, if you think of I mean, Hendrix was always associated with drugs, right? Janis Joplin always associated with drugs. You know, good or bad. It's very interesting. It's very interesting that the sound is so it lasts. Like it's so relevant. If you listen to some Zeplin today, it's still so goddamn good. They were so good. They were so good

solid Zeplin to call bringing on home at the end. He comes out like what a harmonica slow. Then Jimmy Page kicks in with the guitar young that stops. Yeah, like Yeah, it's now psyche. Like, I should go jump out a window. Like Led Zeppelin to there's a couple albums. I gotten that office that I put on such a part of my childhood. I think about my mom coming in the room say yelling lower that fucking devil music. I'm saying wait byes I'm losing up on it. And I would blast it at fucking six in the morning. The neighbors next door with Jehovah witnesses that he would knock on my door you have to please lower your music. I never loaded loaded. At that age. I had efficient stereo. Okay, and I already knew not to get components. Like I was already hit like I never bought the album with the eight track and the cassette. Fuck you. I bought an amp and I bought a cassette deck and I had a turntable and I would fucking blast it. I don't know where I got the speakers from. I bought them they fell off a truck. I love music loud. My storm every time till this day. Every time Led Zeppelin his final album comes out in through the outdoor comes on the radio some I think my mother bagging on The door for freshman year going if I got to knock on this door one more time I'm throwing that scenario out the window. Like seven in the morning at a full fucking SPEED roll enjoying getting ready to walk up the hill smoking to join. I wouldn't smoke in the house not like that she had no idea

when you play an album albums with a record player. Yeah.

Fuck. I still do it. You

don't have a good needle. Remember you would go over dudes houses. They had a special needle. I

would go that needle. I just wouldn't got new needles. I know how to order them online. Do you miss that?

Impressive a guy like a fucking cool looking needle.

I still had I had fun. I had a reel to reel Jimmy.

I had a record player at my house for sure.

Wow, you had a reel to reel. A friend of mine had a reel to reel in high school. Oh my God. And the sound he bought the speakers and everything in the sound you can hear like that. The musician pulling away from the microphone like sound was that good. So

when he's playing this reel to reel, he's got like a like a projector screen type deal. No,

he was a sound. He had a room like this. And he had a shelf and on the shelf he had speakers. And he had a reel to reel. I think I've he will correct it and it will have two or three hours of music on it. So whenever he would have a party, he would just put on the reel to reel. At that time. That was the threat that is going to real real that's a projector right? It's going to real the real that's the new threat. That's that never made it. It then went from it went from albums, to cassettes, to fucking CDs.

So if you put something through that you would have to kinda like do it like you're working in projection room. You take? Yeah, it's just one of them. And it works

almost it's it's just really large cassette tape player.

Again, how you put the music on there. I forget how he put the music on that.

Could you buy music on it?

I think so. There's a record

button on this too. It looks like so you could have recorded something on there. If you had a cable to plug it into. Yeah, I forget how would they make copies? The same way you'd put your original would be like on the left. You tend to feed you did you need a copier? You couldn't do with this machine probably. But back the same way people did with VCR copies back in the early 80s. You know, tape to tape

you'd visit the same thing how it would degrade each generating. You get porns from your friend. And it was like like someone threw mud your eye? Oh, he tried to watch it. The fuck is happening on the screen? Because it was so many generations of copied.

Do you remember when Porn was watched like this? I don't

remember but I heard about it. And I remember that movie about the dude from Hogan's Heroes. That was a he he was on hookans heroes and after Hogan's Heroes, he just went around making his own homemade porn. And he you know, you had one of these kinds of things on the home projector type deals.

Porn came porn. In those days if you went to the back of a dirty magazine, not Playboy, and not penthouse, but anything else? They would actually send you a projector with three movies. For say, 14 There was a lowland project probably going to work 10 times. But at least you got to watch porn, and they'd send you a reel to reel. That was so bad. Porn was so bad. And I still remember a story about me and my friends chipping in and getting the fucking reel to reel with the thing and plugging it into the wall and putting sheets on the windows. And it was just horrible, horrible board. White Chicks they will find off the streets. Flapjack titties suddenly turn cigarettes off on the chest. And this chick was half on drugs and she had to suck the guy's dick and the most vivid picture members when she took the mayonnaise with the bread. Like she was sucking this guy's Dick The guy's Dickens been beat up. And she took mayonnaise Miracle Whip. That's why I never liked Miracle Whip. She put it on the bread and made a dick sandwich to his dick. And it was like me and three other 12 year old dog. We almost had a heart attack. You understand me like our heads blew up like turn it off. Turn it off, turn it off, turn it off. Turn it off. Who wants this fucking projector like that? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it was a cheap, cheap, cheap little projector. You had to put a sheet up on the wall and use it as a screen. Yeah, to fucking shade up all your windows in the attic because I used to do it in my attic because my mother wasn't home. So I will the first viewing party we had was in my attic. You had to send the money on Oh, yeah, that's $1.95 for shipping and handling, that's an H. And then it would take six weeks to delivery. So you would just sit you couldn't send it to your house. So I would have to send it to Rogan's house because I knew his mother and his grandmother worked all day. So they'd never be home so they would just drop the packet drops in front of the house. If one of our mothers found that baggage, we'd be dead. We'd be fucking dead in your mind. Your mother. Checkmate spirit wipes on a piece of bread and eats into the fucking deck. Don't

you think moms today probably wouldn't even flinch. What if What if they found their kid with some fight that in his competitor

fucking kid me every mom, the edit you talk to any mom, a 15 year old and go do you think your son's getting laid? She's like, stop it. I don't want to hear that. It's true. No mom wants to hear this. I'm getting laid. The first girl you brought over the house actually bothered your mother? Oh, I'm sure the first two girls you brought home actually bothered and irritated the shit out of your mother. It took your mom a while because you're always gonna be that little boy. I can't imagine getting his dick sucked. He just I just put diapers on 10 years ago.

You know what else they worry about the way but you get so many pregnant? Because you're so stupid. When you're 15 1617 you guys are just doing stupid shit. You know? You don't really know how to pull out that good. How good are you at that? Not very good. I know when you were that young. I mean, it's your parents are worried about you doing something dumb. Your parents worried about you getting pregnant. But they also don't want you haven't Zach.

I had the skinny girl. Like I always had girls that were friends. And they have three girls and leave. My mom would pull me aside and said what's going on? And I go nothing. You know, she's just a friend. And I will scream out loud. I can't believe it, you know, and they were friends. But that was just one skinny girl that I used to bring home in the seventh grade. And my mother called us one afternoon like she called us make an app. So she asked me as a man, she goes from now on do me a fucking favor. She's here and I'm downstairs. Just leave the door. My mom was one of those. She was one of those just do me a favor. Just for me middling times when I leave and lock the door. But if I'm here, just leave the door open. And I would leave it open the foot and then try to eight inches. Six inches. And she would have to come up and say I was on 21 like leave the fucking door open and then you're an animal at that age. So that is you finally talking mentally. Because all I was doing was dry humping this girl. That's all I was doing. We weren't having sex. I think I sent the kids one time. You know, we weren't having sex. We were just making out dry. But one day I had my mom had to Barstow and she would just fucking come home and he have to lose to see if I was at this broad and one they added here and she brought with her friends up one of her friends with them in there just swapping spit with the chip. I hear something on the wall. Like something's going on. But I kept dry humping and we had Earth Wind Fire. Can I love great fucking I'm off. That's the way of the world. I'm driving them in this check that that and all sudden I hear a lot of slip. And a guy starts yelling. Ah. And I ran downstairs there was my one of my mother's friends. I don't know, I know. He used to be a bookie at my mother's bar. So my mother goes I gotta get to the bottom of this. I got to know what this kid's gonna lace. So he volunteers up the ladder at the side of the house. To see if I'm getting laid to look in the window. God I had an air conditioner with a curtain he could never see it anyway. But this girl pissed off my mom for years. This went on for about a year. And then I started taking his shirt off and stuck in the tents. And my dad came home when they caught him in the closet. And that was the end. And then my mom would give me shit for a little while. I gotta be 1213 I'm in the sixth grade. Meeting this girl would watch the Osmonds on Friday and Saturday. Donny and Marie and I would get pissed off because she had a crush on fucking Donnie. You know, you know your kid. And then when they end but then we figured out fuck, if they're gonna watch this after three. Why don't we play hooky from 12 to three. We could drive for three hours. Nobody will know your grandmother works. My mother is definitely not coming home. So we used to play hooky. And one day they caught us and her and I had like there was 20 feet between us on a fence. Their parents had a house right behind mine. And my mom went into the backyard like the fucking Spanish woman that she is and steady yelling your daughter's a hole over here every day, I don't know what they do in that room. I hope she's not something is dead. Oh my God, it was just my son was a regular little boy and to your daughter took over. And I used to walk home and I remember walking in the house the mom was like, for a second. Your mom's out there yelling horrible things about my daughter calling her orange. Wow, I had to go home and tell my mama what's up with that she's a fucking whore. But a job my mom, woman drove and that's it. I got a girlfriend then. No more problems after that. It was just the skinny chick that drove my mother fucking crazy.

Hey, they made you mad. I mean, imagine you have a little boy. And you take him to the park. And he's a cute little fella. And he runs and he stumbles and falls down and cries and you pick him up and he hugs you. And you love him. And you're like, It's okay. Just scrape your knee. It's okay. And he's crying and crying. You feel so bad, you feel so bad. And you give them a band aid and you give him a kiss and talk to him and hang out with him. Then he goes to sleep and you sit there and you look at him sleep and you think about how precious he is this little life on the you. You're entrusted with you gotta take

15 years later, someone sucking his dick some dirty little girl down the block. God dammit. Look at that. Now he's all indoor all the time and obsessed with air. It's driving me nuts. How's your baby? Your baby stuck with some tramp, tardy little tramp?

Me you will have dollars you will have dollars, which is that's a hell on earth. Having a daughter as Hell on Earth. It's fine. Now it's cute. She puts costume down, she loves daddy, she watches TV. But there's gonna come a day she wants to go to the mall with her friends, you have to let her you have to worry. And it's not the same world. So

the world is not the same. Now it's not gonna be the same when they're older. It's getting weirder and weirder. You know, people are getting, you know, we're talking earlier about bugs and searches and people be able to turn your microphones on. It is a matter of time. Before there's no privacy, whether it's 50 years, whether it's 100 years. And I mean, I think there's going to be no privacy with anything. I don't think with your thoughts, I think we're going to this is the next thing after cell phones is going to be something that allows us to communicate way easier, they're gonna there's gonna, within the next 50 years, they're going to come up with some way where we're going to be all communicate through a device, and it's going to be better than just talking. We're going to we're going to share thoughts. It's gonna get really fucking strange, I'm 100% convinced. I think all this stuff is just getting everything accelerates, right? It used to be really hard to get a hold of somebody now it's really easy to get a hold of somebody. And now you're you're going to people have figured out ways to turn people's microphones on and record them and people are just putting tape over their, their webcam I want to look at while I'm checking off. They think someone's gonna look through it from the other side, they probably can't, it's going to be a matter of time before everybody can with everybody with everything you do. There's going to be there's going to be all all information available to everybody. This is gonna happen. We're so far away from where we were in the 70s. So far, we're so far away so far away, and that was our lifetime. We can remember the 70s You know, 1973 I was six years old. Okay, I remember that. I remember. I remember the Vietnam War. I remember when the war ended thinking when I was a little kid, this is great that the war is over. Because now they know that war is bad. And they won't do any war anymore. The war is over. It's gone. And then when the war started up again when I was I think I was 21 when Desert Storm kicked in. I was at Holy shit. They're doing it again. Me and my friend Jimmy did Twilio. We had an apartment in think it was fucking where were we Malden or some shit? I forget where the fuck we were Waltham. That's where we were in Waltham. We had this fucking apartment. And we were sitting there on TV, which is sitting in front of the living room. I think we had a couch. We're just sitting there in the living room, watching these fucking missiles flying through the air. And I'll never forget he goes buddy looks like we're at war. And I was like, what? I love we're both sitting there going what's, how the fuck? We're at war. I thought we didn't do that anymore. I remember that. I remember that whole. I mean, that time when when that was how you got information from the TV is so far removed from today. Today everything that happens all the time is coming NACHA 100 miles an hour from every direction, there's just too much to

do. So you have to control it. You have to control it, you still have to have a life. You still you know, I don't have Facebook on my phone. I have my email account. I try to keep Twitter off my phone when I go on the road. The iPad has no Twitter, no Facebook. It's too much. It's too much it interferes with who we are. And if you haven't caught that by now you're not catching this. You know, I'll open up my Twitter on a Saturday just to see us tweet. Thinking to myself, What are you doing with your fucking life? That you tweet on Friday and fucking Saturday and Sunday?

You know, it becomes a little game. It's

it's a little game. You have to give it a breather. You have to you it's too much news coming at you. From too old to on on your satellite disk.

It's in Oh, another

thing is it's too much news. from sports to world news. You got HLN CNN and then ESPN. All in the fucking row. It's too fast. It's too quick. Last week when I was home, my buddy is a cab driver. I took six Ubers on Monday in New York. Tuesday I just want to take a cab. I took my wife to get some real pizza at Roma pizza. The guy that was making pizza that was still there when I was a kid. I drove by when dad I go II still in there. So we took a fucking cab. On the cab this guy that drove me as a friend of mine we rubbed against since we were 12. And we would talk like well that's the first first gas station that robbed and then he goes remember when we were 12 We're walking home and I Freddy Prince got killed. Wow. Freddy Prince had killed himself the night before. We didn't find out till that six o'clock news. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, like that was the gap in time. So you got your news. And even though that was New York, it was the city capital who watch TV in the morning. Maybe they mentioned that in the morning. reports out of LA for any prison hospital. Yeah, but you never saw it. But no, I saw I remember us being out. And them saying Freddy Prince died. He shot himself last night. And I stone them how cold it was. It was January. Or February was fucking freezing. But we were walking home we were 12. And what do we see in front of us? What a guy passed out drunk. just hammered drunk on the floor. So while I call down, let's get the money out of his pocket. You take the bottle, it was like a bottle of dollars or whatever. So I plan once to take a bottle and shake a button. What what's it called? You roll a bum? Yeah. And we put our hand in his pocket. He grabbed one of us like carry. So next, what we have is just started kicking him. Like we must kick them at two times. And we ran away the bottle he got up and chases Oh Jesus, we knew as ShockPad for the cemetery. So we lost them. Like you get all those weird things like that's what I associated with, like Friday shot himself at night. They must have mentioned that in the morning. I was too busy going to school. And it wasn't confirmed to the next day. That's how slow news was now. You're getting news. You're getting hit with 200 stories. In 10 minutes. Yeah, what happened in prayers? What Trump decided what the UFC is doing? What fuckin Penny Marshall died. You get into this troll actual day, you really can't control it. Take Your Child. You've watched these two young girls grow up. You ever have days where you take them somewhere? Disney? And it's so much information, they got to go back and take a nap. Yeah. That happens to us stuff. So yeah, that's got to be happening to us. Oh,

for sure. It's wearing out. And it's a lot of it is really negative to you know, that's that's another part of the problem is what's interesting to people's what's dangerous, and there's not much dangerous. So what's interesting to people becomes, you know, being negative, be nasty about something complaining about things bitching about that starting starting Twitter fights, like people enjoy doing it. They're like they're looking for, for battles. You know, and I wish there was a way where people could choose to only engage online without insulting people and just try and get a rise out of people like a troll free way of interacting, but it's never gonna happen. So you got to kind of accept what it is. So if you accept what it is, you should be very wary about entering Anything where 60% of what you're experiencing is negative. Anything, anything in life where you're looking at 60% Negative, you don't have to is what like being informed is one thing. But that's more than just being informed. Because how much of that information is even valuable to you? A lot of it is just getting soaked, soaked into these fucking horrible stories. You know, I mean, I went down a rabbit hole the other day reading about this. These Scandinavian tourists got beheaded in Morocco. In the mountains. These girls were hitchhiking and they went it's fucking horrible. It's horrible, horrible stuff, man. And I watched a video of it turrible

Joe Rogan you know I love you. Rule number one don't go hey, chuck in Morocco. My your fucking business.

Girls apparently did this all over the world. Yeah, you talk

about a guy that fucking went somewhere and tried to convert a tribe? You know? They showed up with a fucking Bible. Yeah, mind your business. All right. Send the fucking Bible via email, and do the best you can there's some people want to put themselves in a dangerous way. They don't think they fucking hate the right shit. I fucking hate all that shit. I like controlling my situation. I really do. I don't want to sound shallow. I would love to be able to have a passport and go to China and go to Italy. But I'm not going nowhere where there's nothing fucking crazy going on. I don't need that in my life. I don't want to hear a bomb when I'm fucking sleeping. When I'm in Israel. Talk to irony. I'd say you can have bombs going off. Dropping higher. He's like telling me jokes on the phone. And you hear a bomb going off and shit. I don't need that. I don't need none of that shit. That's putting yourself in harm's way. You know? I appreciate the balls. I appreciate them balls have you climbing up mountain Agera. I appreciate all that stuff. But it's not in my percentage graph. I believe in percentages. You understand me? I get it. So it's just the other night I read so I get high at night, guys, I do comedy. And to come down I smoke 55 Fucking bong hits. Sometimes you don't have to say a joke on Twitter. The joke is written when you read it as a human being. You're saying this is a very interesting article, but at the same time, it does have elements of humor in it. There's an article of a hot chick. And it says mother goes to court to complain about teacher who fucked a 15 year old kid because his life has changed. It's never been the same since she fucked them. Show it as the kids never gonna get his dick suck like that again. Can you imagine getting a teacher to blow your horn? When you're in high school one of those dirty TVs you see a picture of a Joe Rogan with a fish on a boat with a bikini. Now you take this chick to the prom and She's sucking your dick crying. You're gonna say like I've never done this before. Because I like reluctant show his life has changed. It's a joke. Dog. I got attacked for two days. And I didn't reattach people. I turned that around them. I called them love. Listen, Merry Christmas. And they had nowhere to go. It's so funny that you can get caught in that. They forget what comedians we are a tube, a tube that transports something really ugly. into something that's still ugly but a little bit of funny to it. Yeah, I cracked a joke when I found my mother dead on the floor to myself. Which I knew she was never going to know. I got left back. Because I got left back but I never told and it was coming on a year I had a talent she was she kept asking me Have you chosen the college yet? And I'm the sophomore year. For three years I ran the scam on my mother that I had that. I never thought she thought I was a junior. I was really a sophomore. So as soon as I made that turn, I picked her up I saw her arm was purple. I kissed her forehead, but I remember popping up and going. I knew this bitch wasn't going to ever find that before I dial 911 So if I dropped Umrah at that situation, that's how I fucking handle myself.

Well, that's how you leave.

Yeah, you have to drop you. I will drop a bomb on you at a funeral. Joe Rogan I will drop a bomb on you or the fear that you will look at me and go God has the balls on you. But thank God you came

every time you would Dave Foley said when Phil Hartman didn't win an Emmy. Well, we were all in the audience right went there to honor him because he got nominated. And the dude from Fraser one. And Dave for which he turns to me and Steven Rudy goes, What the hell do you have to do to win?

He goes, you catch shot for fuck sake. Foley's a funny way of I really

is. People have no idea when I see people arguing now, like now is a 55 year old you look at it and you go I throw away 20 years of my life arguing with people Yeah, that I had no reason to argue with them for. It's not even worth it. If they played the tape back, you'd laugh at yourself and feel horrible. You look at shutting down and you go what? How does this even affect your life? I turn I want so seeing and like when you're in a hotel room on the weekends, you got it, you go down to CNN or see HSBC political pipe hole. Oh, I love those for six minutes to see people get fired up and they attack each other. And that, you know, everybody's fucking bullshit. But you sit down, you know, what is the big fucking deal? No matter if fucking Hitler makes a comeback and he's president. You all gotta get up and go to work every morning. isn't giving you money anymore isn't like somebody's giving you money or they're putting you in a house for free. If Fidel resurfaces from the grave, he's the president, you still got to work. You still got to build houses. You still now see, the UFC is you still so What? What? How much does it really affect you at least that's how I've always thought

the problem with all these shows is all of them, whether it's CNN, or Fox News, or anything, is that they're leaning. They're leaning somewhere, the lean in what they're telling you about the news, but they're leaning on it in a way. They're not just simply recording the facts, especially Fox News, right? They lean? Like, I don't know, right?

I don't know what you guys are talking about when you say that, but I will tell you really? Yeah. When people talk to me about leptin, right? I have no idea because I don't even know where I stand on most issues. But guess what I didn't see in New York and New Jersey last week. But guess what, I did not see. Homeless people.

Really, because it's so cold.

I was homeless for 19 days in New York in December from December 12. To the 31st. I got a hotel room maybe 50% of the time. But beside that I was homeless at one time in 1984. You should and I ask people, you know, you just don't say I saw a very small sections of non encampments. But the homeless present the percentage was smaller. So I asked somebody what that is, how come I have so many homeless people out there? And they said it's called because they're liberals. I didn't fucking know. That's what a liberal was. I had no idea.

I just think California is liberal. Yeah,

I just tried to be a human being. I don't know. That

doesn't make sense. It's like what does that mean that what are the what are the homeless go? Do we make more of them out here? Is that what he's saying?

Do you allow it that that last night he was telling me that Las Vegas ships their homeless system a bus to California and

what they ship I feel like the shipping is both busing people to like Alaska for a little while or something like that. Yeah, a couple years. So.

You saw the TV show wild, wild country. Do you see that? No. It's on the rack. Nish is that I said Rajneesh cult from Oregon. And one of the things they did to they took over the town all heard about it and watched it homeless people in buses, and then how all those people vote. And then the city took over the fucking town. They like developed a real town and then they took over this one area bust out how America moves its homelessness. Whoa. Each year US city gives 1000s of homeless people one way bus tickets out of town, an 18 month niche nationwide investigation by the Guardian reveals for the first time what really happens at Journey's End. Whoa, that sounds like a M Night Shyamalan movie, right? They kill a bunch of homeless people. Like Satan's involved it's like they just move them away. Where are they? Where are they ship them? Looks like they're throwing them down in Miami and in LA.

Oh, well, I live in Colorado. In Colorado, people would the homeless people would commit crimes. They figured out what crimes they would get 60 days for and they would commit that crime. Plead guilty do the 60 days just to get out of the winter because in those days, Boulder would give you tobacco. You are allowed they will give you tobacco but you gotta roll it that that type of che a Boulder County Jail in 1991 boulder County Jail in some other jail. were voted number one and two jails in the country. Wow, that people would want to go to those jails and Boulder built a new jail. And it became fucking communist land like acid. Cardenas land. Yeah. Like no cigarettes, everybody got away uniforms. No more staying up till two in the morning when I was wrong with the other way. Boulder County Jail the way what was good the good way. Boulder County jail was a paradise. Well, what

was wrong with that?

It got out.

It got out that it was too nice. Right?

So like, I'm telling you homeless people will commit a crime to do 60 days. Can

I ask you something? As a person who's been in jail? Would it motivate you more? This is an honest question. Would it motivate you more? If you were in jail, and it was nice and comfortable in there and you got to relax and calm down? Or would it motivate you more if they brought you into some communist type jail as you described it with everybody? I'd wear uniforms. There was no cigarettes. There was no fun. They eliminate your outside time.

But I did I did them both.

What would what I think is a person who's been through what would be most effective in rehabilitating you I mean, that's the idea right? And

rehabilitate right now you said to me, you gotta stay in this fucking building. For six months. This is going to be a jail. There's like Pablo Escobar is jail. It's still jail. I want you to remember that right? You cannot leave the building for six months. I will let you out to the front and a cage. One hour a day. But you got to figure out what you're going to do in here for 12 months. It's a cage. Yes. I have more options here. I can lift weights into different parts of my body. I could shoot pool Baba, Baba Baba, Baba was very simple. Boldly got locked up, they gave you linens, you either took them away. Not only in my own clothes. So you call home at lunchtime, Joe Rogan brought me my jeans, my sneakers, my T shirts. I'm wearing my own clothes. So now they determine what you're in for a non violent, violent. If you're a non violent offender, you the world is

yours. The violent ones the ones who get lumped the ones shut down

the violent offenders. Depending on what you do as violent, you go into one sector and that sector the longer you're in there, the more rewards you get. For if you're in green, you stay up till 10 And they got cable TV. If you are red, you step to 11 and they got cable TV if you're purple you stepped on one 1am Oh my god Boulder County jail was tremendous. Cigarette I didn't drink milk. Milk is big in jail because the body builders like milk it's like fucking drugs. So I would trade you and you my milk for your Kool Aid. All right, so I was in there drinking fucking Kool Aid. Because I fucking hate them. Boulder was a paradise compared to other jails. Oh, listen to this. Thanksgiving day when I was I locked up tanks every day. Yeah, the guard came in. I'll never forget his name was Ron. And he opened up the cell door and there was a phone that was anybody who needs to use the phone use the phone. I figured out you know those days you had to press mine outside line. I pressed eight to see if I get long distance not that press seven not six not been five. For far too long business. I got the call my peeps in Jersey for 20 minutes apiece. You know, you just figure out different things. Then they send you to a place where some illusion the eyes is stripped down. And you gotta go take a shower and then you come out and they put a finger up your ass to see if you have contraband. And they give you a tighty whities

and Orange Show put like a rubber glove on and then move their finger out

it doesn't matter. Does at that point I didn't give a fuck you putting the finger up. My guess is if it breaks you down as a man as much as anything in the world. That's the first break now. Wow, to turn you around to let you know they run you. They're gonna stick it up your ass and you go to your cell. And that those guys they're not very nice. They weren't like the Boulder County Jail guys, those guys would shake your bed and make you get up. Turn your light on the middle of the night and say get out of bed. We're going to do a search at two in the morning. Those people are not nice at all. Then I got transferred to Summit County Jail. Which was a fucking paradise. Paradise. Paradise Hamble all day outside. TV thrilled to have the morning TVs in your cell. Black and white TVs in your cell basic cable. You could be up all night, if you wanted to go to breakfast away breakfast. If not, you could sleep through breakfast and we'd eat your breakfast for you. And then from there, they shipped me off to the Department of Corrections. That's where it's the nitty gritty. If you think black people talk at a movie theater at night, don't go there. Don't go there. Black people talk all night. It's six or seven floors. And I was in there in August with full humidity. Canyon City, Colorado. Wow. All right, with a little window, you know, and I was like on the third floor I couldn't read. And in those days, they let you out you took two showers a week. And one hour a day you went outside after that you would just in the cell by yourself at night or froze in the daytime it was like fucking been sweating. In a fucking Tin Can you wouldn't attend the data that was in charge she had nothing to showers and then the three meals and then that is in the first week is good because you actually get out of your salad go test. They tested everything, your math, your English, they park and put a bunch of pictures in front of you and they put you do psychiatry, they take your blood out, they do everything. And then they assess you and then they have I took care of all the dots. Okay, there's a bunch of dots you have to you have to dot your i's like if you have a high school diploma, you get a point if you were working at the time and rest you get a point if you have to pay rent so I got a bunch of points for that. It's so funny out to talk about something very interesting. It's very interesting when his Harvey Weinstein case is gonna go it's very interesting where it's gonna go. Right now he has Benjamin Braff as an attorney. And if you see what happened Benjamin breath pushed for dismissal and he didn't get it the the lawyer said the judge said a trial date they're gonna get a trial date. Harvey Weinstein's gonna go through more money to pay off time. Obviously go for time that he's gonna fire Benjamin breath and show up with two women. Primarily one black, and one Asian, or one white, and one Asian. And this is when this trousers get very interesting. Harvey is also going to hire millions of dollars and prosecutor and private investigators. They're going to interview boyfriends they're going to interview this case is going to be very interesting, unlike the Cosby case, where Cosby didn't really fuck how do you know he's gonna do all this stuff? Because I know this is what I would do. I know if you come to me and you go, I'm getting busted for this. What do I do? Because of how I grew up around those people. This is what you do. Benjamin Braff cannot ask a woman the same question A woman can ask a woman

so I'm gonna go there with either a black woman, an Asian woman or a white woman. My first two choices are a black and an Asian

one. You want to get the diversity angle to get the diversity

angle and I want to get that you can't You're saying that because you're a black woman Chinese woman? What I'm trying to stab you just did you ever really wants to people Versus OJ Simpson. No, I didn't. Very interesting. And it's time that you sat now the holidays is

the next version watch one episode that seemed very good.

Very interesting how he put a dream team together. Geez, it's gonna cost you 10 mil. Listen to me gee, you got two options you can go into like cars being paid to mill and make believe you're blind or we put together a fucked up then you see him. He went over that milky shit over his eyes like the guy from Kung Fu. met me when we were kids. Kung Fu his father and like, yeah, Kung Fu followers, like app blind and shit. Yeah, I remember that. dhoka Magnesia design shit. That's how Cosby wouldn't they're playing like I'm sick routine. He's

got cataracts. Oh, Cosby. Yeah. But

he didn't have cataracts like that, that when he said something to put the pill in the water. He didn't know. He knows what. He knows what the fuck and so just take three steps read your book, and you know, yeah, he knows. But Harvey has to play this hand. This is what America is about to watch. They're gonna watch some fucking crazy. Bobby knows he can't go in there. Benjamin Bratt, Benjamin Brown. Hey Gravano look at the list of Benjamin BRABUS and Benjamin Braff can't attack a woman

till you look at like legal cases like sports. He's got pencil and paper. Listen to me is the beauty John Jones versus

Gustafson. I went to New York last week and I went to the Metropolitan Museum of Art with my daughter, she loves art. And while I was sitting there, I was added saying, I'm gonna be on your own. And my daughter didn't want me taking pictures in front of the statues anyway. She's like, Daddy, get out of the picture to the statute. So I'm like, What the fuck am i hanging out with you for? She wasn't a Chinese way. I wanted to see the Armenian way. But it was funny how I was thinking about when I was 21 and 22. Joe Rogan, I would get stoned to the gills and go to the Museum of Natural History, the Museum of my hobbies back then, since I was such a loner, and people were looking for me, I was always a criminal. I would go over the bridge to either go to one of the other museums, or I would sit in the courtroom. I would go to a place that had a fucking Italian sandwich. And I got a bag of wise potato chips and a 16 ounce coke. And you go to any court court starts at seven at the Metropolitan downtown I take the A train and I'd walk I forget now what you know this is 1983 81 I was a kid and I would sit down observed by court I learned how to plus I grew up in that

you were once you'd sit and watch nikecourt Look you'd watch a basketball game like games

with a sandwich or salad and potato chips.

I think a lot of people don't realize you could just go to court and I would watch you do what 12

People I would learn how to set bail

Can you do that anytime you want Can you just get in there and

watch the the ad is yes now there's bomb that tag because you have that the reason why you're there do you have to

if you're interested in the case

yeah go down there and just watch it What if you you know

for whatever reason there's a speeding thing like someone lost their license and they got arrested driving trying to get away from cops

you go watch that go go home support job. I

like to go see I would like to see what the fuck was going on when those guys are trying to get away from the cops to helicopters chasing them with the spotlights and they just keep going like what the fuck were you thinking like what I would like to get to that courtroom here I want to see that guy. I want to look at the guy that was like running from the cops the fucking spotlight from the helicopter on me knew he wasn't gonna get away and he's cutting people off and driving the fucking side of the nobody ever gets away. Has anybody ever gotten away recently? The other night

parking garage I couldn't find them oh yeah, they get away

the percentages let me explain the percentages are very fucking low it's tough to get away bro they got you once those helicopter spot you run into neighborhoods you gotta make sure you use

it to a mall they have cameras they can rewind the cameras watch you go if you running into the mall you know There he is. I will spot on the

card that they what happens here you want to know what happened to see what happens all right first of all, usually spike skyline is following you. So that's the news. Yeah, they got to put you on the floor kick your legs do everything by procedure on camera and they pick you up the handcuffs Yeah, and they put you to the side of the car. The guy tells you this whole white version of what happened to the pursuit started on the

white version he's wanted subject yes suspect was moving at a high rate has been fucking

you know if I just had to chase you for 20 miles i piston my you. So they put you in the fucking trunk. They put you in the backseat and whenever the cameras take pictures, and they put a cop next year, on the drive day, you got a couple backhands to your face. You get them saying that you you hit the steering wheel the same day a couple times. Then you go in there and you sit in a holding tank and then you fuck in. If you're with one another person used to you just shut your fucking mouth. You want to call your lawyer call him when you want to call your lawyer because you want one of the other guys to get a lawyer. So they like that you have to get it's pub. It's it's conflict of interest. So me you and Jamie got arrested right now. I'm gonna shut my mind and tell you I'm gonna call my attorney later. Because I know for a fact Jamie's gonna get a public defender. So now I can't get a public defender because that's conflict of interest. So the state has to pay for a different attorney for me. Well, a lot of people don't know that. So if you got arrested with two or three people, you keep your mouth shut. Yeah call my attorney later. You have an attorney I forget his name. But Jamie cop, public defender. Now to public defenders cam represent how Now you got a better chance of getting a better attorney and the state pays for it so next time you pay for your mortgage you go god dammit this day thanks aside it's because the jerk off like me went with fucking Johnny run by robots. And fuck him. He wants 100 An hour even though the state will give before now it's like wholesale items I am but at least I got a better type of Atari game the system you gave the system it really is fucking crazy how I love figuring this shit out.

You will do you write rewriting things down? Like you weren't even thinking you just automatically started writing down numbers and percentages. Shit.

Oh yeah, I love this shit. I grew up in a shit. It is like a sport. So that's what he'll do hot. And by the time we bring on a rape case, you got to go up there and relive the story and tell the dates and when there was a rape kit. It's very fucking tough. There's going to be very interesting, bro. What's going to happen? The only thing is anything he tops to, he's going to come back and I'm like, oh, Jay, and try to assume so just live in Florida making fucking Super Eight films down there. In fucking Miramar, Florida, I will fucking go.

This is crazy when you see someone get sued, because

they work the system. I'm not saying nothing bad here. That's what your advisors and your people around you will tell you. He's in the hot water for the rest of his life. Because even if he gets that down to like an assault charge, and he has to serve eight months, 12 months, which is really eight. Once he gets out, all the civil suits are gonna come at him. And then he has to pull an OJ move to Florida where they can't touch your pension or some bullshit money in the sunlight that

Wow.

It's really crazy. This is not unrelated to what we're talking about right now. So this has happened I think since we've been live. Kevin Spacey uploaded this video on his YouTube channel, where he's in character is Frank Underwood. And since this has come out today, he's now been indicted on rape charges and Matt Massachusetts, I believe Whoa, felony rape charge.

So it's his plea to get his job back

this might have come out without him knowing that was going to happen. I don't know. I was to see if he wanted to watch it and see what he's doing.

Should we watch it? If we watch it we're gonna get kicked off YouTube is its fair use ish ish.

I mean, it should be definitely fair use we can always watch a minute or something like that. Alright, second seventh series doing

is Washington hands

on know what you want? Oh, sure. They may have tried to separate us. But what we have is too strong. It's too powerful. I mean, after all, we shared everything you and I, I told you my deepest, darkest secrets. I showed you exactly what people are capable of. I shocked you with my honesty. But mostly I challenged you and made you think. And you trusted me. Even though you knew you shouldn't. So we're not done no matter what anyone says. And besides, I know what you want. You want me back? Of course some believed everything. And I've just been waiting with bated breath to him. He confessed at all. They're just dying to have me declare that everything said is true and that I got what I deserved. wouldn't be easy. If it was all so simple. Only you and I both know it's never that simple. Not in politics and not in life. But you wouldn't believe the worst.

Karen characters 100% supposed to be dead in a show Correct?

Change. That's strange to watch. Because, well,

you know, what's strange is he seems a little off his game. Right? I mean, if he was playing Frank Underwood, yeah, he seems a little off like okay, we're a little tense on that one. Let's. Let's get into this. You're Frank Underwood. Come on, man. Kevin, Kevin. You're Frank Underwood. I'm Frank Underwood. And then boom, hit it a second time. It's a second take felt smoother. Second take felt smoother. You know, it seems like acting. It's weird. It's not like it's great character. That character is fucking great character. I mean, the Frank Underwood character is like one of the all time TV characters but that's just weird. He's brought him in the real life.

Really himself. Yeah.

What happened on this is what for statutory Fox News, according to Fox News, but this is what everywhere else too. He shared this video as he's announced that he's facing felony sexual assault. Assault charges for assaulting a teenage son of a former news anchor and Nantucket The bar in 2016

he was going off on that powder. Oh, God knows the power they give you and what you buy into just to make that tape. Just shows you how fucking creepy he is get. I

really think to be that good at acting you gotta be out of your fucking mind. Kevin Spacey he's a bad motherfucker when it comes to acting. All the horrible things he's done aside, there's a there's a quality about someone that's that good. You know, they're just gotta like a certain amount of insanity. There's not a apologizing for his actions. Everything he did is horrendous. But I mean, to be surprised that you're seeing him seem crazy there. No, that's not surprising. He's too. He's too good to not be crazy. Like, I would assume that they're all when they're not crazy. I'm shocked. You know, when someone says, uh, you know, seems to like Daniel Day Lewis doesn't seem to be crazy, right? He just seems to be obsessed. It seems to be obsessed with work. Maybe I'm wrong. I think all those brilliant motherfuckers are out of their mind. Just his out of his mind is the Gemini show horrible? I did when I was a kid. My grandparents did especially shepherds

are very smart, intelligent. Yeah. But they all have a quirk. They all have a core. You know, my mom wouldn't new to hers. If she had a female it bleed once a month, which made him even fucking crazy. So when I was a kid, my mom had one that you can go to next to a purse. My buddy stinky had one of my buddies sneaking out a German shepherd that was pure authentic. You could walk in the house, have a great time. I date and make a move for the door. So he built all our friends in the ass. He didn't like when people left every one of them. So every one of us because of the extreme of what we do, including yourself. has to have some something you and I were on the phone last week speaking about Bill Burr. He wanted a helicopter. He plays drums. Yeah, he's a comedian. He's a dad. He doesn't animated series. You know, you know? So hey, you want a helicopter with Bill Burr flying around the city. But two nights earlier he you would laugh at him on stage while he made fun of some fucking when I saw him last he was hysterical. Make them follow you Obama tour. Yeah. You know, so you follow me? Yeah. Goes extremities is what makes you good at your main thing. You know, the fact that that fucking effect. All those different things. The fact that cowboy Cerrone fights at a high level of competition. But then two weeks later, he's high diving off a cliff. Motorcycle Racing, not

just die. He does it while he's in training while he's

in training. Yeah, that's what makes people who the fuck they are. You know, when it comes to drugs, psychedelics are the hard shit. You know, you get these people that for years, I heard rumors about certain actors that they show up on the set. Stoke coked up from the night before. But give them three cups of coffee, give them breakfast and take a shower. And then whoever they're supposed to be. So for that last eight hours, they kept it together for the other 20 they were a fucking mess. Wildly to the

guys like Nick Nolte. Right. Nick Nolte is one of the greats for sure. Right. I mean, unbelievable actor, and he had some serious, serious substance abuse issues. And his past

Gen Michael Vincent should have taken over Hollywood. Watch the mechanic. Yeah, we have listened bro. The me to movement was a great movement made people you know, whatever the words to to let people was but waiting to happen to Marilyn Monroe. She was the first me to victim Marilyn Monroe was if you look at it from an angle, they passed around Joe Rogan, between the president Nick bonnet Connie the fucking mobster in Chicago, and who else passed around? She was married to Mickey Mantle. She was married how many fucking times she was married to the playwright tape tormented that poor girl. Then they found her but then I will help or whatever. No, no, no to me, Marilyn Monroe when I see Marilyn Monroe. She's the first fucking original meter. You know, that that knocking down all of Gardiner and Schrader on Sunset Boulevard. But the last everything is closed. The Nerd mouth is closed. Everything is closed on that block. The only thing that still open is that flower shop they finally decided to close after 1000 years. But that was the flower shop where if you wanted to take my lemon rod and press it, you got to order flowers from that flower shop. That was what it was famous for that DiMaggio Sinatra. Everybody ordered flowers for her for that shop. If you knew her, they'd say, what do you what is she, like, get flowers from that place on Sunset. But she was the original. Come on, Doc. Think about how tragic her life was. And she was beautiful. She was young, and I had them all. But all of a sudden, slick young guy comes along with his olive oil voice and his tight shoes. And he takes her away from me. I'm a man that cannot be whomever the hell it is that what that dude tells Waltz is nobody tells Robert Duvall when he comes over and tells me once a notch in the movie. Yeah. And he goes there's a piece has and I've had them all. And she was the best piece app but just to show you. It's not about dollars and cents. I put singing lessons into dancing lessons. She was gonna be a fucking star. But all of a sudden, your boy comes along with his olive oil voice and his shiny shoes. And he makes a taster away from me. I'm not a man to be humiliated. You know what that felt like? And he goes off on me throw his fucking what's his name out? The next morning? He wakes up in the dead horses bed.

That's right.

That's the speech he gives him that Sinatra fucking took his girl. That's

right. The horse in the bed scene was one of the most fucked up scenes ever in a movie.

Especially when you're 10 Yeah,

because a horse's head Oh, they really? Oh yeah, they kill the fucking horse for that seen 100% That ain't a fucking rubber horse. That's a real horse's head. You ever watch it again?

No.

I don't think I'm mistaken. I'm pretty sure I remember this. I remember that. It was I might have a shed my

I think that they might fucking throw you in jail. Today. Today even then in the

late 70s You can get away with this

way but rose made what he was gonna throw the dog out the plane and inspect the showed up and they kept saying oh, all shit. Well, that's the movies the stuntman and jam Michael Vincent comes to take his job. There's an old Burt Reynolds movie I bought. I bought a hopper that's a movie about Burt Reynolds being Bertrand the baddest stunt man of all time. But then jam Michael shows up and jam Mike was gonna eat his lunch. But then Burt Reynolds puts jam Michael in his place, and they make the jump in the car together. But the funny thing about that movie is that he has to jump out of a building. And the guy that played the inspector was a wacky guy when he got here

Jamie Snopes

article it's true.

Oh Canada horse. The studio had encouraged Francis Ford Coppola to use a fake horse head but he didn't take he didn't like the mock up. His scouts found a horse ready for slaughter at a dog food plant in New Jersey. The art director pick one that looked like the horse in the film and said when that one is slaughtered send us the head. Said one day a crate with dry eyes came with a horse's head in it far Well, sounds like they're gonna kill the horse anyway. That's probably better than not using it. Right but people have attached we they served horse rectum once on fear factor. And horse people got real mad. They get very mad. This the scene? Here we go. Imagine being this poor fuck. And being entangled with the mob back then. This is supposed to be filmed in what like the 50s as well. supposed to take place in the 50s I'm

not showing it just

right other than people at home,

they can look okay, it's very fast.

But what's really scary about this scene is that they came into your house while you were sleeping. They didn't wake you up. And they put a horse's head on the sheet message under your sheets.

So lucky realizes there's some blood. Now he's looking around. He's like what the fuck? What the fuck is this? How good is his actor who's his actor? What's his name? He's been in everything.

Fog is blood.

Yeah, he's looking at the blood. It's all over his fact sheets. I mean, it's fucking crazy. And that's real blood too. And there's a horse's head. They start screaming chopped as fuck and all that stuff and in bed with him. That was like a prized stallion that he had right. He fucking

took him to the end he had assaulted. He insulted. He goes to you Get out. And I know bandleader and he knows Yeah, I heard about that story because that was a story. Michael tells the chicken of the day. How do you know Sinatra? She goes well, my father's Stormies Godfather, and he goes, what does that mean? And he goes he sang with the Tommy Dorsey command. And Tommy said, I'm not releasing them and they put a gun to his head. Look at bras he put a gun to his head and said, You're either gonna sign it or your brains gonna be across it. Which one they paid $1 For Sinatra

so that's why we're this guy shows up because I ain't no fucking bandleader. And that was the last time you tell some guy like Robert Duvall, Robert Dubrow says, If you mind, I have a plane. I'll be a driver sent over a plane get me to the playing because Vito quality and he's a man of assisting bad news right away, and hearing bad news right away. And he goes, You got to tell him and the next morning and that was Jesus Christ. What a way to send somebody a message though.

That was a good fucking movie. All those movies were great. I had a guy. The problem is that got Italians way too into being Italian. They started overemphasized.

I will tell you, I will tell you this joke. I told you this a couple of weeks ago. And I know it's tough for you. It's tough for me. Subtitles but this episode in Argos is really been one

they're doing it all in subtitles. No, they gotta

watch but it's tough for people to watch. But like I thought the guy who play Pablo was a bad fit. Like I was saying the other day I was telling somebody you know what, man? I grew up watching American movies and I loved them. But my undercurrent was watching Spanish television. From the age of five to eight or nine, there was a couple of novellas that I really appreciated. And I kinda like the acting I was like, these guys can fucking act, but I forgot all about it and I watched man on fire. And men on fire had some phenomenal Spanish acting. Plus they had the Italian guy Giancarlo Giannini how bad of a fucking how bad of a motherfucker italiana you will get name is Gian Carlo Jia Nene. He's the one that was in Hannibal. That animal stabs him and then fucking throws his guts out in the fucking. I don't know if you've ever watch Hannibal No, never shows up. And that's how he kills him to stomach. But he's the cop and man on fire. The one who's who? pings Jesus the girl's ass. Yeah, man on fire had a lot of good like side actors, but a lot of great Spanish acting. So I was just Narcos and all that and all the shows are coming back. I'm watching these dudes and I'm like, bro, he's tired. These guys from old soap opera, Spanish soap operas, which is tough. If you've ever did a soap opera. It's a tough I did General Hospital. And let me tell you some. If I would have gotten off a plane and nongeneral asthma, I would have gotten fired. Thank God, I was here 12 and 13 years, and I knew my way around the set. You know when you book a soapbox? Nobody talks to you. You don't know. Yeah. Like you walk into CBS ABC over there and oh god street you walk in there look at your ID and they go go to room 27 You go to your office you fucking your suits there. And I saw the lady comes in he goes, How are you doing? My name is Mildred. Watch the TV. And look we have numbers to come up. So you sit down you write your numbers. I'm insane. 27 chapter eight. And you sit down with wardrobe. For you. We haven't go there at eight o'clock and I'd be in my car all the time. Really? How many soap operas do three general hospital three episodes? Yeah, find that

out. Three episodes a general hospital amazing.

I played a recovering fucking preacher who had been in prison. And I came out and now I was a fucking Marin's thing, bro when they called me like they called me they were interested that you send me your reel and I'm like, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. So Benjamin Brett those good looking dudes they started on General Hospital and you want me Are you fucking crazy? I sent them a real I swear to god my agents like they really want your real job. What do you want me to do? I'm like oh, send it home. What do you want me to deliver? gonna hire me bro? They called right back. Come on down for three days. Wow. You walk in there. Joe Rogan you give me your ID. It's that fast. You go to your room. Those Say scene 28 Prepare wardrobe. You're 10 minutes away. You put whatever wardrobe they give you on. They have cue cards for you. They have a year under a fucking under the cameras. It's a three camera shoot. You go out it says okay, actor number 28 Come on you come out. Aidan, Jerry, very nice to meet you. Okay, let's do this action. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Let's say you fuck up your line. They don't give a fuck. Like if you start from all over now we're starting from that line. Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba got moving ahead. Wow, awesome. They switch you out of a bar. They put makeup on you. And they're like, you've not seen Sylvia for five minutes, bro. Five minutes, they come right back to you. Alright, you're ready to scene three. And you're like, What the fuck? Bah bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, your rap. Thank you for coming down. Nobody talks to you. Nobody does nothing. Hmm.

So it's not. It's they're just trying to get it out quick.

They don't hold your hand. It's eight to five. Wow. Being on a soap opera is probably the easiest way. Like if you landed on General Hospital. You're gonna be in a general husband for 30 years. That dude's been on there for 30 years. Yeah. You know, you could be on the people been

on it for a long time. Yeah. So it's, it's eight to five general hospital was that Luke and Laura? was? That was Luke and Laura. Right? Remember Luke and Laura. Do that. happen. There was a thing that happened in soap operas. And it happened while I was a kid, Luke and Laura transcended General Hospital and became a thing all throughout the world. These people. Yeah, these people. Remember this didn't make sense because the dude's hair was weird. And it was a strange couple into the

scene with Doug. They were weird. Yeah, I did a scene with him. She was a little too hot

for him. It didn't make a whole lot of sense. But it worked. But for whatever reason, it caught fire culturally and became a big thing. And I think I was in high school at the time. Their Their wedding was in 1983. Okay, yeah. So I was in high school. While I was in high school. This was all going down and everybody paid attention to Luke and Laura, who was like the General Hospital thing took over the country. It was like on the cover of People magazine and shit. It was everywhere. It was this one weird relationship on a soap opera, for some reason, just became this gigantic phenomenon that everybody was watching. I mean, I was watching it. I was like you said 30 million viewers. looking crazy.

What was what was what was the show with a good look and singer? I wish she was Jessie's Girl. Oh, Rick Springfield

General Hospital. And I watched that. Yeah, it wasn't even him. See of him. If he was with Laura. I watched that. He's a handsome son of a bitch. That Rick Springfield you know, and he was a double threat. He was on General Hospital and he was a badass singer that Jessie's Girl that song. If you're in fucking like wild wings, and Jessie's Girl comes on

the beginning of it.

Jessie's Girl he's still out there hitting it. Still touring? Yeah,

he's still touring.

I think he was at the canyon club and agora. He's out there. That dude was when I was in high school. That dude was on top of the fucking food chain. Every girl had a poster him on a wall. Yeah, I'm in Lake Tahoe next month, February Good for him.

It's crazy that whatever soap opera was on, from 12 to one was a big time soap opera. And there was a bar in New York. And there was a bar in New Jersey in my neighborhood. That if you walked in there from 12 to one, and you said a word, somebody would tell you to shut the fuck up. And it was 98% men and they would serve lunch. And it was the one I would go to was the Midtown lounge. But there was another

one so there was a lunchtime soap opera. Yeah, that men

left their jobs for construction guys. And they would sit down and watch this soap opera on two TVs like it was a Yankee game. What the fuck? And then they would go back to work.

I forget what strain is that? How strange is that? That was a thing. It

was a big thing at one point. And I still remember you know if you dated a girl and she stayed on Wednesdays to watch dynasty bitch you stayed on dynasty night if that's gonna get them lucky cookie that makes

sense for like, today it's translatable. You know, Sunday night Game of Thrones is on or whatever night It's on. It's like people do get together and they watch it live as it goes on. That makes sense. What doesn't make sense is that the market for those kind of soap operas was was appealing to men and high school kids. Like we were all watching it.

Who shot Jr Brown

does Dallas but that's a no no.

Now we're talking then. Yeah, not only were they sucking you in the daytime in those days? This is all the 80s we're talking about the 80s Correct. Okay, what the fuck was going on at night off Right You had Dallas, and you had what was the one on ABC with Alexis Carrington dynasty and that dynasty that was bad as a bad girl right now. The chicken played the princess on that. That was supposed to be Alexis, his daughter. And she was having an affair with Dexter Dexter. She's the one right now that's going through that thing when a daughter in the sex ring up in Connecticut there was a sex ring. No Whoa, whatever. Right? Like she's a princess. His real life catches Yes. She's the one that's going through all that with the daughter. I remember her being on dynasty as a hot hot and she was Alexis his daughter. But Dex Dexter was Alexis his husband and she had some decks Dexter Glover name is that look

at that cast.

Joan Collins. She's still hot back then. She's original milk, right? Yeah, for sure. Because she was super hot. How old? Do you think she was back then? 50 Yeah,

she was 51 and she was flushing that she was hot as fuck. And look at Ricardo month and bomb. How much do got paid on that fucking Island? How they Island how they haven't done a remake of fantasy. They did.

A comic with a couple comics went out there and did it. Yeah, they hadn't. They hadn't really was on TV for a little bit. No, they wasn't The Love Boat. Was a clue about my confusion. It

was before fucking

No, but I mean, a new version of it was there was either a new version of The Love Boat or new version of Fantasy Island. It's one of the two either showing up near their one dynasty actually was it was in the 90s it was it was in the 90s because Oh, yeah. Do you remember cheering red Wilson the night? Yeah. I bless the show. Jerry red Wilson was supposed to be filming that what was it? Which one was about the next will love cherry red. Wilson was supposed to be filming that show. And he went to a doctor and turned on he had meningitis. And I guess apparently he left the doctor's office

because he was awaiting he had to go to the honeymoon. And he

by the time he got there, I guess flying when you have that's really bad. By the time he got there, he died. We died shortly after. It's horrible. Horrible to hear.

Who's a good guy who was good guy. Funny. Funny. So you

had a lot of fucking character. I worked with that kid a lot in New York. We did gigs together on the road together a little bit too.

It was a good little clique. I remember living in Seattle and he came up Louie CK came up all those guys were all coming up together at that time in New York. So it was a good bunch of guys, you know? Yeah.

Yeah, man.

They do remake a lot of fucking television shows. I mean, it is fucking ridiculous. They remake so many shows. Basically. Is it that hard to come up with a new line of thought? Like how many more the zombie shows they're gonna have? They have a new zombie show, right? I think they're making World War Z as China but there's a new Walking Dead in China now. I think Jesus Christ like that. I think I know what's gonna happen bad things.

You know, like you have when you were growing up, I don't know what a fuck he grew up. Let's just say Boston for a while. That was one fucking sandwich shop. And he wanted to do all the time but little Italian guy. And he made you legit sandwich and all sudden, another guy opened up. But that was cool. But now subway came. And now the Safeway started making sandwiches. So now nobody's making money. It's the same thing with movies and TV. It's like, there's so much content we can't keep up with it can't keep up. You can't keep up with the amount of content that's out there. So when you try to remake the show, I want it to be that we make a ton of shit. But they forget the main element of it, which is the heart aspect of it.

Let me tell you something you got to see. That's good. That's out right now on Amazon Prime. Marvelous Mrs Maisel. Tremendous.

Some of you some mediums. You watched it. Yeah. The two episodes are my wife. She's

She's a stand up comic. And she's hanging out with Lenny Bruce. It's fucking amazing. It's

a good book show. Real good show.

It's a real good show. This is the first show I've ever watched on Amazon Prime. It's very easy to do. You just set it up through the Apple TV with a login. Bam. Fucking thing. It's difficult. It's like but the thing about like things like Apple TV or Netflix that are so good is once you logged in. It's right there. Right? You go to it. It's easy. We're so lazy now that the extras Step to log in to another service whether it's whatever it is, you know what another thing on top of the getting on to iTunes or another one one more thing oh my god I gotta use my password I like that little extra step even just setting it up once you get it set up you can just go do it but before you do that that extra step bothers the shit out of people for whatever reason

he's sees

I don't know how to do this I just have my wife programming for me on my iPad you know not I go to the plane I put her to airplane mode. I hit the Wi Fi thing and next thing you know I'm watching fucking TV. I get it. I tried to keep it's like I'm Mark right now I'm on the second time watching Narcos Mexico because I liked the acting so much that the guy Diego Luna Joe Rogan ain't no joke. That do was in Dubai. Ma tambien it's such a difference. He's such a badass motherfucker. I don't want to spoil a fever. Fuck you. Have you ever watched by now you slipping? Yeah, only

watch the first two seasons. Do you

watch the Pablo season? Yeah. Which were he was very good. He was a very good actor. I enjoyed him. Then the third season with the Cali Cartel. And that was okay. This Mexican one is sitting low on this. We're fully baseball. When you watch this shit explains a lot why Felipe Bay's the way Felipe is I tell you what if I could move to Sinaloa I would I belong down. It's just a city full of fucking fucking crazy thieves. You know, they're just crazy. And they figured out how to grow weed in the desert. And they were making $30 million dollars a week a bunch of crazed fucking Indians.

We never found out how much what percentage of marijuana did we use to have is your right but

it's also really hard to test back then. And yeah, they weren't testing back testing Right? Right. Yeah,

strongest weed I was smoking back then was chocolate die weed that we've made you go fucking crazy.

Someone did explain to me the difference between strains that were raised in Afghanistan and and strains that came from other places

right like right now being our friend from the store. He got a feed from Afghani weed from the old days shit. So he re pollenizer that I guess the word he uses the word and he keeps trying to get that seed but I started smoking again a weed you were going for? You

were going for a ride but your your tolerance is so high now. And the weed you're smoking is weapon grade. I mean, you're you are you are smoking some of the most insane weed I ended up with a vape pen the other day, a simple little vape pen. I took one hit. I was obliterated. I couldn't believe it. I now damn strongly are now you gotta be really careful. Now. I was cocky. I was treating like the old ones, especially those disposable ones. You can take three four hits before you even feel it. One hit obliterated. But

especially since I stopped with the edibles that changed the game. Yeah. The edible drop changed the game on you 100%

off the edibles. 100%

I got a job. Buddy George has 1000 milligram edibles. And he gave me two bags. I think like tonight I'll take a bite out of the other book because it's Christmas. But I had to cut it out because it was just killing me. It was it was taken away from my other high. I enjoy taking two hits off a pipe in the morning. gets me going and gets me listening to music. I'm writing a little bit I'm loose. I love being loose. I like the Muay Thai and nine I too it's me and I enjoy that shit. I can't. When I go on the road, I don't bring a pipe. So I got to bring joints in me. If I got to come down off the 11th floor and walk two blocks. I gotta smoke the whole fucking joy. Do I gotta go back to my room and pass out. Like that's how strong the weed is. I can just kills me. Especially now that I'm not eating them anymore. Yeah, just kills me mummified me. I go back to the room I watch two three episodes is so mad.

This scientists making wheat now I mean, they've gotten they got real botanists involved. There's money in it now and now that it's opening up in Canada it's gonna be really weird. Because in Canada, they're making it legal right it's legal now. So I'm pretty sure RJ Reynolds is that who wasn't just dumped a shit ton of money into some marijuana production in Canada that's gonna fall suit the United States it's there's too much money involved in it and it's going to be good for everybody. It's going to be good for capitalism. It's going to be good for people getting marijuana as long as regular people can sell marijuana to let fucking RJ Reynolds as long as they don't put some restrictions like they were trying to put was it you Jamie told me about what they were trying to do in Ohio where they were trying Wanna make it set up where you could, you could grow weed, but only a couple companies could grow it so that we would be legal, but only a couple companies will monopolize. And then everybody was like, fuck this,

but they ended up passing it. I

believe. That's terrible. It's sad that that mean that's such a corruption. That's like saying, Okay, you could have tomatoes, but we're the only ones who grow these fucking tomatoes. Like why it's a tomato. That's a law against nature. So you're saying that nature can't take place? I can't put a seed in the ground grow my own shit. Get the fuck out here. Is it legal? It's legal. Okay. How's it different than corn? How's it different than a fucking pear tree? It's not it's a legal life form. It's a life form. It's a plant, you're allowed to grow it. And if you say can't grow it, you got a corrupt system. You got some bullshit law that you weaseled in because you greased up some assholes and the other people don't have as much money as you do. It's the only reason why that ever happens. Or people are so desperate to get legal weed. They let some dickhead dominate the entire industry some greedy Fuck, no, the deal is it's legal or it's not legal. Otherwise, we're in some sort of a weird dictatorship. You know, this is not, you can't just decide it's legal. But you're the only one gets to make money. Fuck you. It's a plant. That's crazy. Imagine if you owned all the pine trees in the country. dominate my country. My pine trees. You want to buy pine? You're buying it from me? I find you at a fucking Christmas tree. I'll take you out. Crazy, though

what happened last week would come up? I don't know. In New York. He said he wants to legalize weed. Oh,

yeah, he wants to make it recreationally legal in New York, stupid to shoot down. You should be making money off of it. It exists no matter what you do. If you're a capitalist, if you're a person who believes in free market, you already have whiskey, you already have pills, people can get hot. They're not so just they're just not stopped with the childish arguments. Give the fucking people freedom and make money off it you dummies. That's what everybody should be doing. They should make it legal and profit off it and they will shouldn't stop with that either. It should go to mushrooms should go to a lot of different things. It should set up clinics set up places where people can go through mushroom therapy, people that suffer they're coming back from the war, PTSD, you know, there's there's so many different benefits for depression. People that are getting ready to you know, to pass away, they have extreme anxiety, a lot of that is alleviated by mushrooms, people that have gone through, like extensive cancer treatment and realize the terminal. One of the best things for these people is mushrooms. That helps them eases their pain and suffering in their last dying days. And it doesn't seem to have any negative effects. You know, other than the occasional person losing their fucking marbles, which is going to happen no matter what you do. It's something that should be studied. And it's not something that should be free, and it could benefit people. So it should be fucking legal. I

think if everybody modeled what Colorado is doing, people see it. You know, there's a lot of naysayers in this business. And they don't understand that in Colorado, you get tax rebates.

Not only that Colorado's real estate went through the fucking roof. Yeah, you know, this

is this is something that I hope most states go for. And I know that there's a back angle to it. It's a gateway drug. It's this. It's that it depends what you do with it. You know,

I only argument is traffic fatalities. That's the only argument. And have we had a lot of increase in traffic fatalities. But what I've read is it depends on who it The problem is, it's hard to find the study. That's absolutely correct. Some say there's been an increase, some say the increments increase corresponds to the population increase. I've read that too. I don't know if that's true. But that kind of makes sense that if you get more people in the city, you're going to have more people driving gonna have more traffic accidents, period. So if the number just goes up, but the population has increased by 14%, or whatever it's done. That would kind of make sense. But also, let's be honest, some people don't drive very well when they're high. And if you're out there driving high in space and out, you're a fucking idiot, you might slam into a car that's entirely possible to and to deny that that's possible seem silly, but I think that it's like everything else. There's people that are responsible people, and there's people that aren't, and there's people that are good drivers, and there's people that aren't as people that drive distracted as people that don't pay attention to shit and then there's people that do you know whether they're high or sober. I would rather have you driving than a lot of people driving sober. I know you don't fuck with your phone when you're driving. I've seen you drive you drive you take it fucking seriously. You look around. You're not You're not interested in getting a stupid car accident because you weren't paying attention. I've seen you drive. I'll fucking take you high any day of the week out driver that was a cell phone addiction.

I drive very defensively. I watch everything. I watch everything coming from all angles. Especially today. You have to double check everything when you drive. Yeah, our dear friend when we live when they leave me i hit by a car dog. Yeah heard three weeks ago crossing the fucking street.

She broke both her legs. Yeah. Aaron,

I want people understand that you have to have your eyes open and I don't take nothing for granted. I don't care if that guy's stopping there when I'm making that right, I'm watching that motherfucker. Plus I gotta watch for pedestrians because they will walk out anyway next thing that you drag on the guy pretty fucking blocks. So

I did not know that when he was hit by a car. Yeah, she was in a car accident. No, she

she was there was no right away the whole thing. I mean, somebody was telling me the story. I mean, it was just, you have to pay fucking attention. So I drive there's only a little New York and my drive. There's only a little New York and my drive. Number two, I drive away from people I do take the two or three car lanes. I never did that till about 10 years ago, left rear ended somebody. You when driving in a place where you have to assume unless you're fucking stupid that 30% of the people for the last 10 years have been driving high. Then you got to add another 20% for people that are texting and driving. Then you got to add another 10% for people who are just visiting it. And I'm looking around going oh my god, look how beautiful California is. It's a fuck every time you get a car. You have to drive a certain way. Was it how I thought 20 years ago? No, I want to get that. Why do you think I'm against high speed cars? I want to do 90 Joe. I'm getting a Porsche I'm doing 90 I ripped the ticket up. You give me a ticket on rip.

I knew you were gonna get one of those Cadillacs for a while but you decided not to. Because

I gotta I gotta for you to see my feet. My foot is very large. They're very large. And once they rest on it, it's 90. Okay, so

you're on that gas pedal.

I made it to San Diego. And back. Don't say anybody. Don't. Don't tell people the secret. It's not illegal. Okay. I'm sick and tired of people coming to me going oh my god. The drive to San Diego was horrific. What time did you go? One in the afternoon? Can I smack you down? Or should I smack in the mouth later? That's four hours. That's three and a half.

But isn't that crazy that it takes that long. But if you get

in your car at nine, and you do fuck it at because all you need to do is get out of LA. Once you pass the Commerce Casino. It's a river dirty. Nobody gives a Frenchmans fuck. You stay that second the left lane. You just doing 7580? It's an hour, an hour 45. On the way back, I made it from La Jolla and our 30. Well, because that's the easy route. So did you hit the five north? You bagging up? The whole web lick all the way to Camp Pendleton. This is your hidden ad. You know, I'm saying you don't give a fuck. You gotta fucking serious on it's nobody out there.

It's a weird area, though, too. When you're coming back from San Diego says it's militarized and you're

hit AD AD AD AD AD. Then when the road starts to thin. That means you're about to hit immigration, they're going to ask you if you got oranges. You know, we're never out there. Those motherfuckers however, that this is 911 All right. You just once I hit that point, I kick it to 100 Till I hit Irvine. Once I hit Irvine spectrum, I come down to about 8080 8080 and then sc la 19 miles back up to 100. But then you're going to hit traffic because you're gonna hit the 10 to five. Everybody's hooking up you couldn't get on the one on one. But then I get back on that 134 And that 134 No, the five goes until the 134 and next thing I you know drama. That night driving from San Diego is the way to do it.

Yeah, you definitely want to drive home after the gig. You don't want to wait for the morning fuck

though sometimes you're so tired. You scared? No, no. That wheel that morning as two hours. No. You stop yourself a nice coffee. You fucking Zang all the way back to last. No, you're

right. That's what you definitely should do. But man that you know what the key for folks who you worry about falling asleep in your car. while you're driving, get a rag or a t shirt and get some ice. It's the best wet rag with ice in it is the best just rubbing on your face real quick. And you wakes you write the fuck up and it lasts for a few minutes. And then just do it again a few minutes later and you'll be fine the whole way home. If you can keep ice and a like a washcloth or something like that with ice in it and it gets wet. Just keep rubbing your face. It's better than anything. I used to smack myself in the face. When I was getting up early in the morning to do newspapers. I was delivering newspapers then I would do gigs at night. I was fucking tired man. I would be coming back, you know at midnight from this gig and I knew how to get up at 5am to deliver newspapers. versus depending upon the day. And I'm just talking smack myself in the face because I was falling asleep at the wheel. I would just feel my eyes getting heavy and I'm opening them up and I couldn't keep it. I just fuck whack. And if you whack yourself in the face, it lasts for like a couple of minutes. Like you're like gee, oh, just my whole face would be stinging, you know, just like seriously slap myself really hard in the face.

Never fucking coffee guy. Like I was as a kid I mingled in Cuban coffee, but I just straight away from it. So when I first started triple runs, I would have my kid at two in the afternoons on Sunday, and I will get off stage and Boise, Idaho had an 1130 on a triple run, my car would be filled with gas. And I get it and I didn't hail four or five of those no dollars. And I will go to a gas station and get the biggest mountain dew they ever had an airline and that would go for six hours, I would eat no dos. But one of the worst experiences I ever had was I was falling asleep like I was done. And it was fucking 10 below zero, you know, and I pulled over on the side of the road. I turned my lights on, I put the brake lights on. And I kicked the seat back and laid down with the heat blasting and the cloud was out. And at one point I opened up my eyes and I thought I had lost control the car in your mind you feel like I lose can I remember holding on to Mr. Will my heart almost stop and going thank God and get fucking hit here. But I was a no dos this is way before red bow blue bull Red Bull whatever that shit is. Yeah, but I still remember doing coke all night and shooting a short film for Fox. And I never forget that fucking they gave me two Red Bulls. I drank two of them. And I still fell asleep and this is that I Go Red Bull sucks. The fuck is a Red Bull and they'll get about it. Yeah. Yeah, the fucking Red Bulls on to deck a what

do you think of this John Jones shit. It's going on? Do you know what's happened? The UFC is moving from Vegas. I saw

this last last time I got home from the Comedy Store. Break it down for me. I'm

having Jeff Novitzky come on and break down scientifically on Thursday. A lot of people are calling bullshit, including Daniel Cormier. I talked to call me on the phone. He was like, he tested positive again. Do you believe this ship and they get a little fight? I found out about it from Cormier call me he told them they're gonna move the fight to LA I go, No, he goes, Yes, Joe, that move the fight down. I'm like, No, this can't be real. It didn't seem real. Like I don't believe this. I looked at his Comey aids Twitter. And I said, it said he tested positive again. And then I looked at when what this is like first thing in the morning. And he's like, again, again. But from what I understand from reading Ariel Helwani is transcript of his interview with Andy Foster, and hearing what Jeff Novitzky has had say about it. What it is, is the num, the amount of it is so infantile decimal, and it's the exact same metabolite that he had been screened for that he tested positive for a year ago. And that this shit could stay in a system. In those kinds of sizes of the molecule. It's like some 500,000,000th of a grain of sand or something like that. See, Google with the actual number of the cow small this molecule is. So Andy Foster is said, again, through this transcription of this interview that he did with Ariel Helwani, that it's the same metabolite for the same substance that he tested positive for that is the same instance that the the number of it and it indicates that this is something he's already been punished for same exact, he's already gone through his you know, his steps. And this is just a infantile decimally. Small metabolite. That's, that's what I'm hearing. So I would love to hear someone who doesn't think that that's the case that thinks there might be some way to game the system. And the big thought that people always bring up when it comes to this stuff is micro dosing, someone micro dosing, like, you're the one that told me about that. First, you were telling me about somebody, Alex Rodriguez, yeah, who was taking testosterone.

And he was so he wouldn't be up for the seventh, eighth and ninth inning. But by the time the 10th inning came, if they tested him, it would be out of the system.

So I would imagine the testing is better now. And this is one of the things is that Novitsky wants to get into that the testing is far superior now. So you're able to pick up these metabolites and much, much smaller quantities. Okay, this is

so this test is from December 9. Yeah, I want to see what his test here it was. is leading up to that

everything apparently was cleaned before they said we were notified earlier this month of an issue. He has had overs most recent tests were very small amount I'll pack describe how small it is. of a long term metabolite substance called DHC. Empty known as oral Tarun the ball, turn the ball, which is the reason for his most recent suspension a year and a half ago, a very, very small amount. But there was a number that

was out there.

Where does it say the number there was an that rice? Or? Yeah, something like how much smaller it isn't a grain of rice? Is it? Can't find it? Yeah, sure. I find it. Yeah, look, I get how everybody would be fuck and pissed. I get everybody would think that he's a cheater. He's cheating. Again, I get that you would think that. But I don't know if that's true. And if it's not true, it will be ashamed to accuse him of it. If it is the same stuff that was in his system that was ruled to be from a tainted supplement. Here it is. A picogram is 1,000,000,000,000th of a gram Novitsky said, if you put one grain of salt on the table, and split it up into 50 million pieces, a picogram is one of those pieces of that gram of salt, which is insane. So that grain of salt, it's 50 million times larger or smaller than that. It's crazy. So it's very, very, very, very small. So if this is true, and they believe it's true, and the guy runs California State Athletic Commission, Andy Foster, I have a great, great deal. Tremendous amount of respect for that guy. very proactive, with weight cutting, very proactive with weight classes, very proactive with a lot of the rules. He's really good. If he believes that this is scientifically been proven to be from the same exact thing that he already has been punished for. I agree with them. I just that that guy knows what the fuck he's talking about. He's legit. So as Novitsky so are these people that are all saying that it's legit. Here's the question, though. Have other people been still punished? For the exact same crime? Have other people tested positive? Again, for the exact same thing? This I do not know. And I don't know if people are looking into that. If there is any preferential treatment that would be with the argument would be with preferential treatment is fucking tainted supplements are a legitimate problem. I mean, Novitsky showed us hundreds and hundreds of supplements you could buy at any store that has, you know, vitamins and muscle builders, and all those kind of things that test positive for steroids. There's a shit ton of them out there, man. You can get a lot of stuff in the system. But then there's also people that are taking steroids. So how do you know who's who, the only way to find out who's who is don't take shit. Don't take anything. Let's it's third party tested. Don't take anything controversial. Don't take anything squirrely. And sometimes people do. And it's fucked up that, you know, they maybe they like a supplement, maybe they've had good results with it, and then they get one bad batch. That's possible.

I just wanted to know that this was from December night, I want to know what the levels of that drug they found. Way before December 9, it takes a long time at all I understand so but every time you urine, the level should get lower and lower and lower.

I think what they're saying is this is the lowest detectable number. So

it's no lower than that. So they should have found this before, maybe not higher, maybe

maybe not depending on the city's numbers. The way it's been explained to me and again, I'm not a fucking scientist. But the way it's been explained to me this number is so small, that it could conceivably be tested in one test and not tested another test. And then also as the testing procedures get more and more thorough, they get better at it. They're detecting things that couldn't detect maybe even just a year ago, like it's continued the the technology is to continuing to grow and they're getting much better at understanding how to use it and how to how to advance it. So it's not as simple as you test positive a year ago, you test negative today, like they they might have better methods of detection today than they had a year ago. You've

got arrested today Joe. Judge is gonna fake Joe Rogan I'm releasing him bail. But the DEA wants you to take a urine test samples and if you come back dirty, the first UA is free. They know who Joe Rogan is you're gonna go in there and your THC levels are going to be off the chain. This is going to be off the chain. This is going to be off the chain. When they come back. They're going to coin and they don't know Joe Rogan. This is what it was now this is this. The next time we test you behind and 26% Because we know you're using this is a 19 8782 homie, right? I'll know if you use it. And I stayed to the program and it went down, down, down, down, down. And then I joined the voluntary group. And my buddy sent me an eighth of Thai weed. And I remember smuggling join going back and the guy's like, dog. Did you smoke a joint before you came in for the test? It was like levels we've never seen before. This is I'm telling you about this. This is a funny joke, and whatever. But I want to see the test before the night. And I want to see the test, the most recent test, those levels had to go down.

I understand what you're saying. He's not necessarily correct, unless

he did the steroid. During non competition season, which they were allowed to do whatever the fuck the

other not, that's not true. They never know they can never take steroids. There's a banned list of things they can never ever have in their system. They say if you fighting, they'll still test you. So if you don't have a camp, you're not you're not in camp, you don't have about lined up, they still still not, Hey, Joey Diaz, how are you come on in the bathroom, we're gonna get some get some fluids from you. Now, I don't know if they're using just urine. Or if it's urine and blood. I'm not sure what the protocol but I do know that it's very thorough, and they're catching people for things that they would have never caught them for in the past. And this is one of the things about this test, it could possibly be, as it's been explained to me that this this number is so fucking small, that they might not have even been able to detect it a year ago, that this number, this insanely small number, there's new levels of detection now, whereas he would be completely negative X amount of time in the past, now they can test it, and they can find that insanely 50,000,000th of a grain of salt size particle, it's so fucking small, that they weren't able to catch something like that X amount of time in the past, whether it's a year ago or two years, but now they can and in the future is going to be even better. They're going to keep getting better at this stuff as they advanced the technology. That's as it's been explained to me what you're seeing here. What you're seeing here is not evidence of new drug use. It's evidence that the testing is far better, and that he has the exact same metabolite. And he definitely did have it in the system, because they're finding it a year later, in his T T T. T T tiny amount, his body hasn't completely gotten rid of it yet. Still in there. The question is, how long does that stuff stay in your system? They've said through normal detection, I believe Google this make sure this is correct. But through normal detection, what's not, I mean, from whatever the time they, they wrote this stuff out, I believe they're saying it could be detected up to 18 months. But again, as this technology gets better, and they can detect smaller and smaller particles, it's potentially possible that that might extend. So you might not just be 18 months might be 19, or 20. Who knows how long it takes for your body to get rid of that shit,

though the guys like Amir and Gustafson and guys that, you know, they look at this is where there's smoke, there's fire. Yes, you know, and there's they have a point. They have a point though, so I'm not mad at them for that. I'm a big fan of John Jones person I am too. For what he does, I love him to death when I saw him in Albuquerque came to the show, we laughed. I don't think I don't know what to think anymore. You know, I don't know what to think. This one really, you know, and I feel bad. When you and I both know, this is the cause of the phenomenon. This is the card when people fly in. And they make plans around it and they do a bunch of stuff around it. I feel bad for those people. I know what this is like for them. They just was this Saturday night activity

while in Vegas just takes a big hit to because this was going to be taking place Vegas, all those people are going to be in town. It's going to be a tremendous amount of money for the casinos and you know that I'm sure it was a lot of money for them. There it was. It's a big thing to have there and a bigger arena. So they're moving it to the forum, which is a smaller place. The forum in Inglewood is. I don't know how much smaller it is the T mobile arena, but he

said he was Dana was saying he could make about $6 million on the gate and T mobile arena.

Thanks for doing this man. Really appreciate it. Hey, welcome. Very good to meet you.

Nice to meet you, too.

Thanks for not letting this place on fire. You're welcome. Later, how does one just in the middle of doing all the things you do create cars, rockets, all this stuff you're doing constantly innovating besides just make flame thrower where you have the time for that.

Well, the final Edwin, we didn't put a lot of time into the flame thrower. The this was an off the cuff thing. And so sort of like it's sort of a sort of a hobby company called the boring company, which started out as a joke. And we decided to make it real and dig a tunnel under LA. And then they then people other people asked us to dig tunnels. And so we said yes, in a few cases. No. And then and then we have a merchandise section that only has one piece of merchandise at a time. And we started off with a cap. And there was only one thing on it was just boring company.com/cap or hat. That's it. And then we sold the hats limited limited edition. It just said the boring company. And then I'm big fan of Spaceballs the movie and in Spaceballs yogurt, goes through the merchandising section. And they have a flame thrower in the merchandising section of Spaceballs. And like the kids love that one. That's the line. When he pulls up the flame thrower, it's like we should do a flame thrower. So we

does anybody tell you no. Does anybody go Elon? Maybe for yourself, but selling a flame thrower, the liabilities all the people you're selling this device to what kind of unhinged people are going to be buying a flame thrower in the first place to really want to connect ourselves to all these potential arsonists.

Yeah, it's a terrible idea. Terrible. Buy one. I said don't buy this flame thrower. Don't buy it. Don't buy it. That's what I said. But still people bought it. There's nothing I can do to stop them. It's, I build it. I said don't buy it. It's a bad idea.

How many did you make you?

It's dangerous. It's got it's wrong. Don't buy it. Still people bought it just couldn't stop them.

How many did you make?

20,000.

And they're all gone. In

three, I think four days. We're sold out in four days.

Are you going to do another run? No. Now let's it.

Yes. I said we'll do 20. We did 50,000 50,000 hats. At and and that was a million dollars. And he's like, Okay, well, we'll sell something for 10 million. And that was 20,000 throws at $500 each. They went fast.

Yeah. How do you? How do you have the time to do that, though? I mean, I understand that it's not a big deal in terms of all the other things you do. But how do you have time to do anything? I just I don't understand your time management skills.

I mean, it didn't spend much time on this flame thrower. I mean, to be totally frank, it's actually just a roofing torch with an air rifle cover. It's not a real flame thrower.

Which is why it says not a flame thrower. That's why we were very clear.

This is not actually a flame thrower. And it also were told that various countries would would ban shipping of it, but they would not they would ban flame throwers. So we very to solve this problem. For the customs agencies. We labeled it not a flame thrower.

That work was effective.

I don't know. I think so. Yeah. So far. Yes. Now, but you do said you cannot stop a flame thrower.

But you do so many different things. You forget about the flame thrower? Like how do you do all that other shit? Like, how do you how do you how does one decide to fix LA traffic by drilling holes in the ground? And who do you even approach with that? Like, when you have this idea? Who do you talk to about that?

I mean, I'm not saying it's gonna be successful, or sorry, you know, I know. It's like, asserting that it's going to be successful. But so far. I've lived in LA for 16 years. And the traffic has always been terrible. And so I don't see any other like ideas for improving the traffic. So in desperation, we're going to dig a tunnel, and maybe that tunnel be successful, and maybe it won't

I'm listening. Yeah. I'm

not trying to convince you it's gonna work and

are the people that you are anyone? But you are starting this though. This is actually a project you're starting to implement, right? Yeah,

no, we've we've dug about a mile. It's quite long. Take a long time to walk it. Yeah.

Now when you're doing this, what is the ultimate plan? The ultimate plan is to have these in major cities and anywhere there's mass congestion and just try it out in LA first. Yeah,

it's, it's in LA because I mostly live in LA. That's the reason it's a terrible place to dig tunnels. This is one of the worst place to dig tunnels, because the there's mostly because of the paperwork. You'll think it's like, what about seismic, it's like, actually, both tunnels are very safe in earthquakes.

Why is that? earthquakes.

Earthquakes are essentially of surface phenomenon. It's like, like waves on the ocean. So if you've, if there's a storm, you want to be on the on a submarine. So being a tunnel is like being a submarine. Now, the way the tunnels construct is, it's constructed out of these interlocking segments, kind of like a snake. It's sort of like a snake exoskeleton with double seals. And so even when the ground moves, the it's able to the tunnel actually is able to shift along with the ground, like an underground snake. And it doesn't crack or break. Or, or and, and it's extremely unlikely that both seals would be broken. And it's, it's, it's capable of taking five atmospheres of pressure. It's waterproof methane proof, or gas proof of any kind. And meets all California seismic requirements.

So when you have this idea, who do you bring this to?

I'm not sure what you mean by that?

Well, when you're you're implementing it. So you're digging holes in the ground, but you have to bring it to someone that lets you do it. Yeah. So

there were there were some engineers from SpaceX. Who were who thought it would be cool to do this. And the guy who runs it, like, day to day, Steve Davis, his longtime SpaceX engineer, is great. So Steve was like, I'd like to help make this happen. He was like, Cool. So we started off with digging a hole in the ground, got like a permit for a pit, big pit, and dug a big pit.

And you have to tell them what the pits for are you just, hey, we just want to dig a hole.

Nice, fill out this form. And that's it. Yeah, I was put in our parking lot.

And but do you have to give them some sort of a blueprint for your ultimate idea? And do they have to approve it? Like, how does that work?

Now? We're just started off with the pit. Okay, big pit? And I guess not really, you know, they don't really care about the existential nature of pit, you just say like, I want a bit, right? Yeah. And it's a hole in the ground. So then, we got permit for the pit, and we dug the pit. And we dug it in, like, three days to three days, actually 248 hours, something like that. Because Eric Carr said he was coming by for the hype to, he was gonna attend the Hyperloop competition, which is like a student competition we have for who can make the fastest pod in the Hyperloop. And he was coming, this was the finals are gonna be on Sunday afternoon. And so Eric was coming by on Sunday afternoon was like, you know, we should take this pit and then like, show, Eric. So we was like, Friday morning. And then yeah, so it's about a little over 40 or 40 hours later, we dug the pit. There's like when 24/7 or 2440, straight out something like that, and dug this big pit. And, and we're like, Sure, Eric the pit. Like, obviously, it's just a pit. But hey, it's hole in the ground is better than no hole in the ground.

And what do you tell me about this pit? I mean, you just said this thing of this idea. Yes, we're gonna build tunnels under LA to help funnel traffic better. And they go and they just go, okay. That we've joked around about this in the podcast before to like, what are the person can go to the people that run the city and go, Hey, we're gonna dig some holes on the ground, put some tunnels in there. And they go, Oh, yeah. Okay.

Nothing wrong with a hole in the ground. But it's people dig holes in the ground all the time. But

Mike, my question is like, I know how much time you must be spending on your Tesla factory. I know how much time you must be spending on SpaceX. And you still have time to dig holes under the ground in LA and come up with these ideas and then implemented like, I

had a million ideas. I'm sure he does. No shortage of that. Yeah, I

just don't know how you manage your time. I don't understand it. It doesn't seem. It doesn't even seem humanly possible.

You know, I do, basically, I think people like don't totally understand what I do with my time. They think like I'm a business guy or something like that. Like my Wikipedia page says business magnate, what would you call yourself? Or business magnate? Please change my Wikipedia page to magnet,

they'll change right now he's probably already changed. It's locked. So somebody has to be able to unlock

it and change it to magnet. So I'm gonna go what do we have magnet? I do engineering and, you know, and manufacturing and that kind of thing. That's like 80% more of my time,

ideas, and then the implementation of those ideas. That's like,

hardcore engineering. Like, yeah, designing things, you know, right. structural, mechanical, electrical, software, user interface, engineering, aerospace engineering.

But you must understand there's not a whole lot of human beings like you. You know that right? To you're an artist seems Yes. To chimps like me.

We're all chimps. Yeah, we are one notch, one notch above a chimp. Some

of us are a little more confused. When I watch you doing all these things. I'm like, How does this motherfucker have all this time? And all this energy, and all these ideas? And then people just let them do these things?

Because I'm an alien. That's what I've speculated. Yes.

I'm on record saying this in the past. I wonder. It's true. And if there was one, I was like, if there was like, maybe an intelligent being that we created, you know, like, some AI creature that's superior to people. Maybe you just hang around with us for a little while, like you've been doing and then fix a bunch shit. Maybe that's the way

rotation or something like that. You

might do you think you do? Probably do you wonder like be around normal people. You'll think what's up with these boring dumb motherfuckers? Ever?

Not bad for a human? But I think will not be able to hold a candle to AI.

Hmm. You scare the shit out of me when you talk about AI between you and Sam Harris. Consider until at a podcast with Sam once. He made me shitting my pants. Talking about AI. I realized like, oh, well, this is a genie that wants out of the bottle. You never get it back in. That's true. There was a video that you tweeted about one of those Boston dynamic robots. And you know, like, in the future, it'll be moving so fast. You can't see without a strobe light. Yeah,

you could probably do that right now.

And no one's really paying attention too much other than people like you are people that are really obsessed with technology. All these things are happening and these robots are Did you see the one where PETA put out statement that you shouldn't kick robots?

It's probably not wise. For retribution, that their memory is very good.

I bet it's really good. It's really good. I bet it is. Yes. And getting better every day is really are you honestly legitimately concerned about this? Are you is like AI? One of your main worries in regards to the future?

Yes, it's less of a worry than it used to be mostly due to taking more of a fatalistic attitude.

So you used to have more hope. And you gave up some of it. And now you don't worry as much about AI you like this is just what it is.

Pretty much. It's no, it's not necessarily bad. It's just, it's definitely going to be outside of human control.

Not necessarily bad, right? Yeah, it's

not it's not necessarily bad. It's just it's just outside of human control. Now, the thing that's going to be tricky here is that it's going to be very tempting to use AI as a weapon. It's can be very tempting. In fact, it will be used as a weapon. So the the, the the on ramp to serious AI. The danger is going to be more humans using it against each other, I think most likely, that'll be the danger. Yeah. How

far do you think we are from something that can make its own mind up whether or not something's ethically or morally correct or whether or not it wants to do something or whether or not it wants to improve itself? Or whether or not it wants to protect itself from people or from other AI? How far away we are from something that's really truly sentient?

Well, I mean, you could argue that any group of people like it like a company is essential. li as a cybernetic collective of people and machines, that's what a company is. And then there are different. There's different levels of complexity in the way these companies are formed. And then there are sort of, is this like a collective AI in, in the Google sort of search, Google search, you know, the, where we're all sort of plugged in as like, like nodes on the network, like leaves on a big tree. Or have enrolled, we're all feeding this network with our questions and answers. We're all collectively programming, the AI. And the Google Plus, the older humans that connect to it are one giant, cybernetic collective. This is also true of Facebook, and Twitter, and Instagram, and all these social networks. The giant cybernetic collective

of humans and electronics all interfacing, and constantly now constantly connected. Yes.

Constantly.

One of the things that I have been thinking about a lot over the last few years is that one of the things that drives a lot of people crazy is how, how many people are obsessed with materialism and getting the latest, greatest thing. And I wonder how much of that is? Well, a lot of it is most certainly fueling technology and innovation. And it almost seems like it's built into us. It's like what we like and what we want, that we're fueling this thing that's constantly around us all the time. And it doesn't seem possible that people are going to pump the brakes, it doesn't seem possible at this stage. We're we're constantly expecting new cell phone, the latest Tesla update, the newest MacBook Pro, everything has to be newer and better. And that's going to lead to some incredible point. And it seems like it's built into us, and almost seems like it's an instinct, that we were working towards this that we like it. Our job, just like the ants build the anthill, our job is to somehow know the fuel this.

Yes, I mean, I made this comment some some years ago, but it feels like we are the biological bootloader for AI, effectively, we are building it. And then we're building progressively greater intelligence. And the percentage of intelligence that is not human is increasing. And eventually, we will represent a very small percentage of intelligence. But the AI isn't formed, strangely by the human limbic system. It is, in large part, our ad writ large.

How so? We

mentioned all those things, the sort of primal drives. There's all all the things that we like, and hate, and fear. They're all there on the internet. They're a projection of our limbic system.

That's true. No, it makes sense in the thinking of it as a I mean, think of thinking of corporations and just thinking of just human beings communicating online through the social media networks as some sort of an organism that's a it's a cyborg. It's a combination to combination of electronics and biology. Yeah.

This is a it's a, it's a measure, like it's the success of these online systems is is sort of a function of, of how much limbic resonance they're able to achieve with people. The more limbic resonance, the more engagement

huh? Whereas, like, one of the reasons why probably Instagram is more enticing than Twitter, limbic resonance, yeah, you get more images more video. Yes. tweaking your system more. Yes. Do you worry about what or wonder in fact of what the next step is? Made? A lot of people didn't see Twitter coming that communicate with 140 characters or 280. Now would be a thing that people would be interested in. Like it's going to excel it's going to become more connected to us right.

Yes, things are getting more and more connected there. At this point constrained by bandwidth. Our input output is slow, particularly output awkward got worse with thumbs. You know, we used to have input with 1010 fingers now we have thumbs. But images are just are also other a way of communicating at high bandwidth. You take pictures and you send pictures to people what sends that's that communicates far more information than you can communicate with your phones.

So what happened with you where you decided or you took on a more fatalistic attitude? Like what was there any specific thing? Or was it just the inevitability of our future?

I tried to convince people to slow down, slow down AI to regulate AI. This was futile. I tried for years.

This you know, what, are you listening in a movie? Nobody robots gonna take over and you're freaking me out. Nobody listened. Nobody Listen, no one. Are people more inclined to listen today? It seems like an issue that's brought up more often over the last few years than it was maybe 510 years ago. It seems like science fiction.

Maybe they will. So far, they haven't. I think people don't like the normally the way that regulations work was very slow. Very slow indeed. So usually, it'll be something some new technology will cause damage or death. There will be an outcry. They will be investigation. Years will pass. There will be some sort of insight committee. They will be rulemaking, then there will be oversight, eventually regulations. This all takes many years. This is the normal course of things. If you look at say automotive regulations, how long did it take for seatbelts to be to be implemented to be required? You know, the auto industry fought seatbelts, I think for more than a decade, successfully fought any regulations on seatbelts even though the numbers were extremely obvious. If you had a seatbelt on, you would be far less likely to die will be certainly injured. unequivocal. And the industry fought this for years successfully. Eventually, after many, many people died, regulators insisted on the belt. This is this timeframe is not relevant to AI. You can't take 10 years from the point at which is dangerous. So late.

And you feel like this is decades away or years away from being too late. If you have this fatalistic attitude, and feel like it's going. We're in almost like a doomsday countdown.

It's not necessarily a doomsday countdown. It's it's a out of control countdown out of control. Yeah. People call it the singularity. And that's, that's probably good way to think about it. It's a singular, it's hard to predict, like a black hole. What what happens past the event horizon,

right. So if once it's implemented, it's very different because it was out of the bottle, what's going to happen? And it will be able to improve itself? Probably yes. That's where it gets spooky, right? The idea that it can do 1000s of years of innovation. We're very, very quickly. Yeah. And then we'll be just ridiculous. Ridiculous. We will be like this ridiculous, biological shitting pissing thing, trying to stop the gods. No, stop. We like we like living with a finite lifespan and watching, you know, Norman Rockwell paintings.

It could be terrible. And it could be great. It's not clear. Right? But one thing is, for sure, we will not control it.

Do you think that it's likely that we will merge somehow or another with this sort of technology? And it'll augment what we are now? Or do you think it will replace us?

Well, that's the scenario. The Merge scenario with AI is the one that seems like probably the best, like for us, yes. Like, if you if you can't beat it, join it. That's yeah, you know. So, from a long term existential standpoint, that's like the purpose of neural link is to create a high bandwidth interface to the brain, such that we can be I symbiotic with AI. Because we have a bandwidth problem that you just can't communicate through your fingers is too slow.

And where's neural link at right now?

I think we'll have something interesting to announce in a few months. That's at least an order of magnitude better than anything else. Probably, I think better than probably anyone thinks as possible.

How much? Can you talk about that right now?

I don't want to jump the gun on that.

But what's like the ultimate? What's, what's the idea behind it? Like, what are you trying to accomplish with it? Like, what would you like best case scenario, I

think best case scenario, we effectively merge with AI. Where we AI is serves as a tertiary cognition layer, where we've got the limbic system, kind of the primitive brain, essentially, you've got the cortex. So you're currently in a symbiotic relationship with your cortex and limbic system are in a symbiotic relationship. And generally, people like their cortex, and they like the limbic system, I haven't met anyone who wants to delete their limbic system or delete their cortex, everybody seems to like both. And the cortex is mostly in service to the limbic system, if you will, may think that, that, that there, that the thinking part of themselves is in charge, but it's mostly their limbic system that's in charge, and the cortex is trying to make the limbic system happy. That's what most of that computing power is oriented towards? How can I make the limbic system happy, that's what we're trying to do. Now, if we do have a third layer, which is the AI extension of yourself, that is also symbiotic. And there's enough bandwidth between the cortex and the AI extension of yourself, such that the AI doesn't de facto separate, then that could be a good outcome, that could be quite a positive outcome for the future.

So instead of replacing us, it will radically change our capabilities.

Yes, it will, it will enable anyone who wants to have superhuman cognition. Anyone who wants this is not a matter of earning power, because your earning power would be vastly greater after you do it. So it's just like, anyone who wants can just do it. In theory, that's the theory. And and if that's the case, then and let's say, billions of people do it, then the outcome for humanity will be the sum of, of human will. The sum of billions of people's desire for the future?

And that billions of people with enhanced cognitive ability radically enhance Yes. And which would be how much different than people today? Like if you if you had to explain it to a person who didn't really understand what you're saying? How much different are you talking about? When you say radically improved? Like, what do you mean? You mean, mind read and

read them? It will be difficult to to really appreciate the difference. It was kinda like, how much smarter are you with a phone or computer than without? It's you're vastly smarter? Actually. You know, you can answer any question. If you connect to the internet, you can answer any question pretty much instantly any calculation that your phone's memory is essentially perfect. You can remember flawlessly, your phone can remember videos, pictures, everything perfectly. That's the that your phone is already an extension of you. You're already a cyborg, you don't even what most people don't realize they are already a cyborg. If that phone is an extension of yourself, it's just that the data rate the rate at which our communication rate between you and the cybernetic extension of yourself that is your phone and computer is slow, it's very slow. And and that that is like a tiny stroll of information flow between your biological self and your digital self. And we need to make that tiny straw like a giant rubber, huge high bandwidth interface, interface problem, data rate problem, solve the data rate problem, then I think I think we can hang on to human machine symbiosis through the long term. And then people may decide that they want to retain their biological self or not. I think they'll probably choose to retain their biological self versus

some sort of Ray Kurzweil scenario where they download themselves into a computer, you

will be essentially snapshotted into a computer at any time. If your biological self dies, you could just probably just upload into a new unit.

digitally. Pass that whiskey. We're getting crazy. Ridiculous. down the rabbit hole. Grab that sucker. Can you see that? This is too freaky.

See if I was thinking about this for a long time, by the way,

I believe Yeah. If I was talking to cheers, by the way, chairs,

it was a great whiskey.

Thank you know where this came from? Who brought this to us trying to remember it? Somebody gave it to us old camp, whoever it was. Thanks. Good. Yeah, it is good. Um, this is just inevitable. Again, going back to your when you decided to have this fatalistic viewpoint. So you want to try to warn people, you talked about this? pretty extensively? I've read several interviews where he talked about this. And then you just sort of just said, okay, just is. Let's just end you in a way you're by communicating the potential. I mean, for sure, you're getting the warning out to some people? Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, I was really going on the warning quite quite a lot. I was warning everyone I could have met with Obama. And just for one reason, like, just what about AI?

Yes. And what did he say? So what about Hillary? Worry about her first?

He listened. He certainly listened. I met with Congress I met with, I was at a meeting of all 50 governors, and talked about just AI danger. And I talked to everyone I could. No one seemed to realize where this was going.

Is it that? Or do they just assume that someone smarter than them has already taken care of it? Because when people hear about something like AI, it's almost abstract. It's almost, it's almost like it's so it's so hard to wrap your head around it by the time it already happens. It'd be too late.

Yeah, thank they didn't quite understand it, or didn't think it was near term or not sure what to do about it. I said, like, you know, an obvious thing to do is to just establish committee, govern committee to gain insight. You know, before, before you oversight before you do make regulations, you should try to understand what's going on. And then you have an insight committee, then that, once they learn what's going on and get up to speed, then they can make maybe some rules or propose some roles. And and that would be probably a safer way to go about things.

It seems I mean, I know that it's probably something that the government is supposed to handle. But it seems like I wouldn't want the I don't want the government to handle this. Who do you want to have like you to handle? Oh, geez. Yeah. I feel like you're the one who could ring the bell better? Because if if Mike Pence starts talking about AI, I'm like, Shut up, bitch. You don't know anything about AI? Come on, man. He doesn't know what he's talking about.

But I don't have the power to regulate other companies. I want to I suppose maybe

companies could agree. Maybe there could be some sort of a mean there's, we have agreements where you're not supposed to dump toxic waste into the ocean, you're not supposed to do certain things that could be terribly damaging, even though they'd be profitable. Maybe this is one of those things, maybe we should realize that you can't hit the switch on something that's going to be able to think for itself, and make up its own mind as to whether or not it wants to survive or not. And whether or not thinks you're a threat. And whether or not thinks you're useless. Like why do I keep this dumb, finite life form alive? Why? Why keep this thing around? It's just stupid. It just keeps polluting everything shitting everywhere it goes, lighting everything on fire and shooting each other. Why would I keep this stupid thing alive? Because sometimes it makes good music. You know, sometimes it makes great movies. Sometimes it makes beautiful art and sometimes, you know, sometimes it's cool to hang out with those reasons. Yeah. For us. Those are great reasons. Yes, but for anything objective standing outside like oh, this is definitely a flawed system. This is like if you went to the jungle and you watch these chimps engage in warfare and beat each other with me. They're fucking really fucking mean. The real me

like maybe chimpanzee Yeah, those can be like some Disney things like holy cow. What

movie was that? Literally called chimpanzee. Who is it a documentary?

Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like a documentary. I was like, Damn these chimps are mean. They're mean.

Yeah,

they're cruel.

They're, they're calculated. Yeah, yeah, they sneak up on each other. And,

like I realized chimps did cat later cruelty. Yeah, I was pretty. left that meeting kind of thinking, Whoa, this is dark.

Right? Well we know better because we've advanced. But if we hadn't, we'd be like, Man, I don't want to fucking live in a house like the champ ways bro. Chimp ways to go this is it man chimp life right now. But we in a way to the AI might be like those chimps like these stupid Fox launching missiles out of drones and shoot each other underwater like we're crazy. We got torpedoes, submarines and fucking airplanes that drop nuclear bombs indiscriminately on cities are assholes. Yeah, they might go, why are they doing this? It might like look at our politics. Look at what we do in terms of our food system. What What kind of food we forced down each other's throats. And they might go this these people crazy don't even look out for themselves.

I don't know. I mean, how much do we think about chimps? Not much very little. It's like these chimps are at war. These like, look like groups of chimps just attack each other. And they kill each other. They torture each other. That's pretty bad. They hunt monkeys. They're like, this is probably the most that. You know. I mean, when's the last time you talked about chimps?

Let me yeah, all the time. You do talk? Okay. Well, unfortunately. Podcast, dude. Chimp, chimp city episode. Okay. People are laughing right now. Yeah, constantly obsessed. I saw that David Attenborough documentary on chimps when they were eating those Columbus monkeys and ripping them apart. I saw that many many years ago. Just to how long ago? Oh, this is why people are so crazy. We came from that thing.

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Or the bonobo, so yeah, they gotta like better philosophy. Yeah,

they like swingers. Yeah, they really are. They're they they seem to be way more even than us way more civilized.

It just seemed to resolve everything with sex. Yeah.

The only rules they have is the mom won't bang the son. That's it. Okay. That's it. Mom won't bring your sons. They're good women. Yeah, good women. The bonobo community. Everybody else is banging it out. Yeah.

I haven't seen the bonobo movie.

Well, they're disturbing just at a zoo. You know you have bonobo is at the zoo. They just constantly go and constantly fucking stop. Yeah, and they don't care gay, straight, whatever. Let's just fuck it.

I haven't seen but I was at a zoo is probably not on the PGA section.

I don't think they have them at many zoos we've looked at is probably pretty awkward. I think that's the thing. They like to keep regular chimps at zoos because but almost just always jacking off. What's that they have in San Diego? Got some really interesting.

Yeah, I mean, how many other in a cage? You know, it's

like, right. It's

gonna be pretty intense. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah, we're we're weird thing. You know. And I've often wondered if, whether or not we're, you know, our ultimate goal is to give birth to some new thing. And that that's why we're so obsessed with technology. Because it's not like this technology is really, I mean, it's certainly enhancing our lives to in a certain way. But is mean, ultimately, is it making people happier right now? Most technology? I would say no. In fact, you and I were talking about social media before this, about just not having Instagram on your phone and not dealing you feel better? Yes,

I think one of the issues with social media, it's been pointed out by many people is that I think maybe particularly Instagram, people look like they have a much better life than they really

do. Right? So by design, yeah, people

are posting pictures of when they're really happy. They're modifying those pictures to be better looking. If they're not modifying the pictures, they're at least selecting the pictures for the best lighting the best angle. So people basically seem they're way better looking than they basically really are. And they're way happier seeming than they really are. So if you look at everyone on Instagram, you might think, man, they're all these happy, beautiful people. And I'm not that good looking, and I'm not happy. So I must suck, you know, and that's gonna be feel sad. So when in fact, those people you think are super happy, actually not that happy. Some of them are really depressed. They're very sad. Some of the happiest seeming people, actually some of the saddest people in reality. And nobody looks good all the time. Doesn't matter who you are.

No. It's not even something you should want. Why do you want to look great all the time? Yeah,

exactly. So. So I think I think things like that can make people quite sad. Just just by comparison, because you just sort of you people, people generally think of themselves relative to, to others. It's like we are constantly re, we baselining our expectations. And you can see the say, if you watch some show, like Naked and Afraid, or if you just go and try living in the woods, by yourself for a while, and you'll like learn that civilization is quite great. Has loads a lot of people want to come back to civilization pretty fast on Naked and Afraid. Wasn't

that a Thoreau quote? Comparison is the thief of joy.

Yeah, of happiness is reality minus expectations.

That's great, too. But the comparison is the thief of joy really holds true to peep. Is it Theodore Roosevelt, Roosevelt fascinating. In when you think about Instagram, because what essentially Instagram is with a lot of people is you're giving them the opportunity to be their own PR agent. And they always go towards the glamorous, you know, and when anybody does show, you know, hashtag no filter. If they really do do that, like Oh, you're so brave. Lucky you. Don't make up. No, yeah, they look good. Anyway, you look great. What are you doing? Oh, my God, you're not makeup I still caught as fuck, you know what you're doing? I know what you're doing, too. They're, they're, they're letting you know. And then they feed off that comment section. Oh, just sort of sitting there like, like, it's a fresh stream of love. Like you're getting right up to the sources, it comes out of the earth and you suck. And that's

a lot. A lot of emojis, water, emojis, emojis. Yeah, literally emojis.

My what my concern is not so much what Instagram is, is that I didn't think that people had the need for this, or the expectation for some sort of technology that allows them to constantly get love and adulation from strangers and comments and this ability to project this sort of distorted version of who you really are. But I worry about where it goes. Like, what's the next one? What's the next one? Like? Where is it? Is it going to be augmented to some sort of a weird augmented or virtual sort of Instagram type situation, where you're not going to want to live in this real world? You're going to want to interface with this sort of world that you've created through your social media page. At some next level thing?

Yeah. Go live in the simulation. Yeah, maybe in the simulation Ready

Player One type shit, that's real. That seems we have that HTC Vive here. And I've only done it a couple of times, quite honestly, because it kind of freaks me out are my kids fucking love it, man. They love it. They love playing these weirdo games and walking around with that headset on. But part of me watching them do it goes Wow, I wonder if this is like the precursor. Just sort of like if you look at that, that phone that Gordon Gekko had on the beach, and he compared cell phones. Yeah, you pair that to like a Galaxy Note nine. And how the fuck did that become that right? And I wonder when I see this HTC Vive. I'm like, What is that thing going to be 10 years from now when we're making fun of what it is now? What is it? How I mean? How ingrained? And how, how connected and interconnected? Is this technology going to be in our life

will be, at some point, indistinguishable from reality. Where

we'll lose this. We're lose this like you and I just looked at each other through our eyes. I see. Oh, you see me, I think I hope you think so I think you probably have run out regular eyes.

This could be some simulation, it could do you entertain that? Well, the argument for the simulation, I think is quite strong. Because if you assume any improvements at all, over time, any improvement 1% point 1% just extend the timeframe make it 1000 years, a million years the universe is 13 point 8 billion years old. What would what civilization if you counted, if you're very generous civilization is maybe seven or 8000 years old. If you counted from the first writing. There's nothing, there's nothing. So if you assume any rate of improvement at all, then games will be indistinguishable from reality. Or civilization will end one of those two things will occur. Although we are most likely in a simulation,

or we're on our system, right, which is we could most certainly be on the road. We could be on the road did that. Right? It doesn't mean that it has to face reality. It could be in based reality. We could be here now on our way to the road or on our way to the destination where this can never happened again, where we are completely ingrained in some sort of an artificial technology or some sort of a symbiotic relationship with the internet or the next level of sharing information. But right now we're not there yet that's possible to right. It's possible that a simulation is one day going to be inevitable that we're going to have something that's indistinguishable from regular reality. But maybe we're not there yet. That's also possible. When you're quite there yet, this is real. When I touch that feels very real. Maybe that's why everybody's like getting to like mason jars and shit. Mason suede shoes. People want to like craft restaurants and they wouldn't want raw wood. Everyone's everyone wants the metal people. It seems like people are like longing towards some weird log cabin type nostalgia reality. Yeah, like holding on like clinging to sir. dragging their nails through the mud. Like don't take me. Yes, I want to but

then But then people will go get a mason jar with a wind stem or handle. That's dark. Makes me lose faith in humanity. Wind

stem and a handle. They have those?

Yes. Oh, that's

dirty people. That's assholes. That's like people make pet rocks rough. Right? This is some people are just assholes. They take advantage of our generous nature.

It was made with the Weinstein made with a handle. They

made it that way. Yes. So the ones like that onto the mason jar. You felt

that would be fine. If there was, like glued it on or something. But nobody likes made that way.

Like trash chic. Oh, this is disgusting. This is. This is terrible. Yeah, that's like fake breasts that are designed to be hard, like fake breasts from the 60s. It's like, if you're really long for the ones with ripples. Here we go. That's almost what that is. Yeah. What are you going to do? Man? Nothing mean, something to stop certain terrible ideas from propagating?

Yeah. Anyway, I don't want to sound like things are too dark, because I think like you kind of have to be optimistic about the future. There's no point in being pessimistic. Just to negative doesn't help. You know, I think you want to be. I mean, my theory is like you'd rather be optimistic. I think I'd rather I'd rather be optimistic and wrong than pessimistic and Right. Right. At least err on that side. Right. Yeah. Because if you're pessimistic, it's going to be miserable. Yeah.

Yeah. Nobody wants to be around you anyway. If it's the end of the world, like a folk told you, bro. Yeah.

The world's ending?

Yeah.

It is what it is, for all I mean, enjoy the journey.

Right? If you really want to get morose, I mean, it is what it is for all of us. Anyway, we were all going to unless some something changes.

Yeah. And I mean, ultimately, you know, even if we just sort of existed as humans forever we'd be. We'd still eventually that'd be like the heat death of the universe, right? a zillion years from now. Right?

If we get past the sun, if we figure out a way past the sun, running out of juice, eventually

it's going to end. It's just a question of when, right? So it really, it's all about the journey,

or transcendence. From whatever we are now into something that doesn't worry about death.

The universe as we know, it will dissipate into a fine mist of cold nothingness eventually, then someone's

going to bottle it and put a fragrance to it, sell it to French people in another dimension.

It's just a very long time. So I think it's really just about how can we make it last longer?

Are you a proponent of the multi universes theory? Do you believe that there are many, many universes and that even if this one fades out that there's other ones that are starting fresh right now. And there's an infinite number of them. They're just constantly in this never ending cycle of birth and death.

I think most likely, this is just about probability. There are many, many simulations. These simulations are, we might as well call them reality. Or you could call them a multiverse.

These simulations you believe are created, like someone has manually running

on a substrate. So that substrate is probably boring,

boring. How so?

Or when we create a simulation, like a game or a movie, it's a distillation of what's interesting about life. You know, it takes can take a year to shoot an action movie. And then that's all distilled down into two or three hours. So let me tell you if you see an action movie being filmed, it's friggin boring. Super boring. Takes, there's like lots of takes as everything's gonna go mean screen looks pretty goofy doesn't look cool. But once you add the CGI, and have great editing, it's amazing. So like most likely, if we're a simulation, it's really boring outside the simulation. Because why would you make simulation? That's boring? Because it makes simulation way more interesting. The base reality.

That is if this right now is a simulation, yes. And ultimately, inevitably, we're if as long as we don't die or get hit by a meteor, we're going to create some sort of simulation if we continue on the same technological path where we're on right now, yes, but we might not be there yet. So it might not be a simulation here. But it most likely is you feel other places.

This notion of place or where is is a flawed, yes. Flawed were like that, if you have this sort of that vive you know, which was made by Valve and steam, and it's really valve that made it HTC did the hardware but it's really a valve thing.

Makers of HalfLife. Yes.

Valve, great company,

great company.

When you're in that, in that, in that virtual reality, which is only gonna get better. Where are you? Where are you really, right? You aren't anywhere? Well, where's the computer?

What what, you know, what defines where you are?

Exactly? Right. It's your perception.

Is it your perceptions? Or is it you know, a scale that we have on your but you're right here, I've measured you, you're the same way as you were when you left? Me while you're experienced? Why do you

think you're where you are right now? You might not be? I'll spark up join. If

you keep talking. Your manager is gonna come in here, we might have to lock the door.

Right now you think you're in a studio in LA? That's what I heard. You might be in a computer. Oh,

missing me. I think about this all the time. Yeah, I mean, it's unquestionable that one day that'll be the case. As long as we keep going, as long as nothing interrupts us. And if we start from scratch, and you know, we're single celled organisms all over again. And then millions and millions of years later, we become the next thing that is us. With creativity and the ability to change its environment. It's going to keep monkeying with things until it figures out a way to change reality. To change, I mean, almost like punch a hole through what is this thing into what, what it wants it to be, and create new things. And then those new things will intersect with other people's new things. And then there'll be this ultimate pathway of infinite ideas and expression, all through technology. Yeah. And then we're wondering, we're gonna wonder, like, why are we here? What are we doing?

Let's find out. Well, I mean, I think we should take the actions, the set of actions that are most likely to make the future better.

Yes. Right. Yeah. Right. Right.

And then reevaluate those actions to make sure they're there that it's true. Well,

I think there's a movement to that. I mean, in terms of like a social movement, I think some of its misguided and some of its exaggerated and there's a lot a lot of people that are fighting for their side out there. But it seems like the general trend of like, social awareness seems to be much more heightened now than it's ever been in any other time in history, because of our ability to express ourselves instantaneously to each other through Facebook or Twitter or what have you. And that the trend is to abandon preconceived notions, abandoned prejudice, abandoned discrimination, and promote kindness and happiness as much as possible. Looking at this knife. Somebody gave it to me, sorry. My friend Donnie brought this with him and it just stayed here. I have a real samurai sword. I want to play with that. I know you're into weapons. That's from the 1500s Samurai sword at the end of the table. Yeah, that's cool. I'll grab it. Hold on

Yeah, that's a legit samurai sword from an actual samurai from the 1500s. If you pull out that blade, that blade was made the old way, where a master craftsman folded that metal and hammered it down over and over again, over a long period of time and honed that blade into what it is now. What's crazy is that more than 500 years later, that thing is still pristine. I mean, whoever took care of that and pass it down to the next person who took care of it and and You know, till it got to the podcast room. It's pretty fucking crazy. Yeah, one day someone's going to be looking at a Tesla like that. He's fucking back doors, they pop up sideways, like a Lamborghini.

You should see what Tesla can do. You didn't you should I'll show you after

I've driven one. I love them. Yeah, but most people don't know what it can do in terms of like, Ludicrous mode. In terms of like driving super fast and irresponsibly on public roads is that

when he called can do that? Yeah.

What can it do that that I need to know about?

I have in the Model X can do this like ballet thing to the Trans Siberian Orchestra. It's pretty cool.

We're at dances, yes. legitimately, like, yes. Why would you program that into a car?

Seemed like fun. That's

what I get about you. That's what's weird. Like when you showed up here, you were all smiles. And you pull out a fucking blowtorch and not a blowtorch. But I'm like, looking at a flame thrower. Not a flame thrower. Like,

it's definitely not.

You're you're having fun. Like, this is like this thing. Well, you know, you program a car to do a ballet dance. Fun. How do you have the time to do that and understand, while you're digging holes under the earth instead of rockets into space, and power in people in Australia? Like how the fuck do you have time to make the car dance ballet?

Well, I mean, in that case, there were some engineers at Tesla that said, you know, what if we make this car dance and play music? I was like, that sounds great. Let's try to get it done in time for Christmas. We did do.

Is there a concern about someone just losing their mind and making do that in the highway? Now or do that? What if it's a lot better bumper traffic? Nope. No. won't do it. Nope.

It's actually you have to? It's an Easter egg. It's an Easter egg. Yeah, that's why people don't know about it. But if you will have the car? Well, it's like you can do lots of things. Lots of things

once Reddit gets a hold of it. Everyone's Oh, you just have. It's

everyone. If you search for it on the internet, you will find out but people don't know that. They should even search for it.

Oh, well, they do now.

Yes, yes. There's so many things about the Model X and the Model S and the model three that people don't know about, we should probably do a video or something. Explain it. Because I've have close friends of mine. And I say Do you know the Cochrane do this? And they're like, nope.

Do you want to do a video that? Do you like the fact that some people don't know?

No, I think it's probably not. We should tell people? Yeah, probably

yes. That would help your product. I mean, it's not like you don't sell enough of them. You sell almost too many of them. Right?

I mean, I think a Tesla is the most fun thing you could possibly buy ever. That's what it's meant to be. Well, our goal is to make it's it's not exactly a car. It's actually a thing to maximize enjoyment. Make us maximum fun. Okay.

Electronic, like big screen laptop. ridiculous speed. handling all that stuff.

Yeah. Do you have you gotta put video games in it?

You are? Yeah. Is that wise?

Well, what can you you won't be able to drive while you're playing the video game. But we're like, for example, we just parked we're just putting the Atari emulator rom emulator in it. So we'll play Missile Command and lunar lander and a bunch of other things.

Yeah, that sounds cool. It's pretty fun. I like that. Yeah.

And we improve the interface and Missile Command because it's too hard with the old trackball. So this is this is a touchscreen version of vessel command. So you have a chance

do you you have an old car don't you? Don't you have like an old Jaguar?

Yeah, yeah, that's that's what's that? 61 series one e type jag er.

I love cars. It's great. Yeah, I love old cars.

That's the only Yeah, the only to get only two gasoline cars. I have that. And an old like a Ford Model T that a friend of mine gave me my only two gasoline cars.

Is the Ford Model T all stock. Well, there's your car. Ooh, the convertible. That is our car. That's a good looking car. Yes. Is that yours?

That is it's not mine. It's extremely close to mine. That I don't have a French license plate on mine.

It's a beautiful car. They needed that's mine looks like that. God they nailed that. That's what mine looks like because It is mine. There's certain iconic shapes. Yes. And there's there's something about those cars too. They're not as capable, not nearly as capable as like a Tesla. But there's something really satisfying about the mechanical aspect of like feeling the steering and the grinding of the gears and the shifting. There's something about those that's extremely satisfying, even though they're not that competent. Like, I have a 1993 Porsche 964. It's like a lightweight, it's not an RS America. It's not very fast. It's not like in comparison to a Tesla or anything like that. But the thing about it is like, it's mechanical. It feels like everything's like it's, it gives you this weird thrill like you're on this clinky ride. And this all this feedback. There's something to that.

Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, yeah, my type is like, basically no electronics. Yeah.

So you like that, but you also like electronics? Yeah, like your Tesla's soup. It's like the far end of electronics. Yes. drives itself. It's driving

itself better every day. Yeah. It's like we're about to release the software that will enable you to just turn it on and it'll drive from Highway on ramp to highway exit. Do lane changes overtake other cars to go from one interchange the next if you get on, say the 405. Get off, get off 300 miles later and go through several highway interchanges, and just to overtake other cars and hook into the nav system.

And then you're just meditating, home? Cars just traveling, right? It's kind of eerie. It's kind of eerie. What did you think when you saw that video? That dude fallen asleep behind the wheel? And I'm sure you've seen it. The one in San Francisco is like right outside of San Jose dudes out cold like this. The cars into bumper to bumper traffic moving along? Yeah. Are you seeing it? Right?

Yeah, we change the software. That's I think an old video we changed software where if you don't touch the wheel, it will gradually slow down and put the emergency lights on and wake you up. Oh, that's

hilarious. Yeah, that's hilarious. Yeah. Can you choose what voice wakes you up? Well,

it's sort of more of a it's sort of honks.

Yeah, you should be like, wake up. fuckface. Well, endangering your fellow humans.

We could we could gently wake you up with a sultry voice.

That would be good. Like something with a southern accent. Hey, wake up.

Wake up sunshine. Hey, sweet.

Exactly what you wake like pick could pick your right let's see what you want. Yeah, she's

the Australian girl for Siri. Yeah. Take her boys. Do

you want it seductive? Favorite? I like what flavor of do what you want to be angry? Could be anything.

Do you want those Australian prison lady jeans? Now when you when you program something like that in is this in response to a concern? Or is it your own? Yeah, if you do you look at it and go, hey, they shouldn't just be able to fall asleep. It's wake them up.

Yeah, yeah. We it's like, you know, we're like, you know, people falling asleep. We were about to do something about that.

Right. But when you first released it, you didn't consider it right? You just like, well, no one's gonna just sleep.

People fall asleep in cars all the time. Crash. Yeah, at least our car doesn't crash. That's better. It's better not to crash. Imagine if that guy had fallen asleep in a gasoline car? All the time? For sure. Yeah, they would crash in somebody. Yeah. And in fact, the thing that really got me to it's like, man, we better get autopilot. going get it out there was a guy was in an early Tesla driving down the highway and he fell asleep. And he ran over a cyclist and killed him. And it's like, it's like, man, if we had autopilot. When we run out, we might have fallen asleep. But at least you wouldn't run over that cyclist.

So how did you implement it? Like, did you just use cameras in programmed with the system so that if it sees images, it slows down? And how much time do you give? Is the person who's in control of it allowed to program how fast it goes?

Yes. Yeah, you can program it to be more or less, like more conservative, or like more aggressive driver. And you can say what speed you want it to what what speed is okay?

I know you have Ludicrous mode, you have douchebag mode.

Well, it just cuts people off.

Well, for lane changes. It's tricky. Because if you're in like, LA, like unless you're pretty aggressive, right? It's pretty it's hard to change lanes.

It's hard to be Satnaam it's hard to be namaste here in LA Yeah. If you want to hit that Santa Monica Boulevard. Oh, Free.

I mean, you got to be a little pushy. You got to be a little pushy. Yeah. Especially freeway angry.

Yeah. A little angry. They don't want you and they speed up.

Sometimes. You know, I think people like, overall a pretty nice on the highway even in LA but sometimes they're not. Do you

think the neural link will help that? Like probably everybody be locked in together this hive mind?

I know it'll help it won't have traffic that'll

have a lot. Yeah. How many of those can you put in there?

Cuz that's thing about money. That's thing about tunnels as you can go 3d, so many levels, right?

So until you hit Hell

yeah, but you go you can have 100 levels of tunnel there bombs,

Jesus Christ, I don't want to be on 9999 Negative 99 floors, who

this is one of the fundamental things people don't appreciate about tunnels is that there's not like roads, the fundamental issue with roads is that you have a 2d transport system and a 3d living and workspace environment. So you got all these tall buildings or concentrated work environments. And, and then then you want to go into this like 2d transport system, which usually in a very low density, because cars per spaced out pretty far. And so that obviously is not going to work. You're going to have traffic guaranteed. But if you can go 3d On your transport system, then you can solve all traffic. And you can either go 3d up with a flying car, or and go 3d Down with tunnels. You can have as many tunnel levels as you want. And you can arbitrarily relieve any amount of traffic. You can go further down with tunnels and you can go up with buildings. Your 10,000 feet down if you want. I wouldn't recommend it. But what

was that movie with? What's this face? Bradley Cooper, not Bradley Cooper. Christian know what the fuck his name was Batman. Christian Bale where they fought dragons. Him and Matthew McConaughey went down deep into the earth. How deep can they go? Yeah, it was.

It was that man for dragons.

Batman. Arena fire Reena fire.

Okay, we saw that now.

But good. I wouldn't recommend drilling super far down. Right molten? We're Yeah, Earth is a giant ball of lava. With a thin crust on the top, which we think of as like the surface, this thin crust. And it's mostly just a big ball of lava. That's Earth. But 10,000 feet is not a big deal.

Have you given any consideration whatsoever to the flat earth movement?

That's a troll situation. Oh,

it's not? No, it's not. You would like to think because you're a super genius. But I as a normal normal person. I know this people way dumber than me. And they really really believe they watch you two videos which go on uninterrupted and spew out a bunch of fucking fake facts very eloquently. And articulately. And they really believe these people really believe

I mean if it works for them. Sure.

Finally, fine. Weird though, right?

That this age where? You know as Ludicrous mode your car goes? 1.9 seconds zero to 62.2 2.2 Which one's 1.9

The Roadster the next generation roadster? Um, okay, Standard Edition. Yeah,

I'm on top of this shit. That's the standard edition.

So it talks about the foreman package. What?

What performance package? The flex you need

to put rocket thrusters on it. For real? Yes.

What are they gonna burn?

Oh, think ultra high pressure. Compressed air. Well, just the old Cold gas thrusters.

Did you have to have air tanks or the sucking air? Okay.

Yeah, it's a electric pump. Well, pump it up like 10,000 psi.

And how fast are we talking? Zero to 60 How

fast you want to go?

I'm gonna go could make it just came why I want to go back in time. Cricket fly. You make it fly? Sure. Do you anticipate that as being mean? You're talking about the tunnels and then flying cars do you really think that's going to be real,

too noisy, and there's too much airflow. So the final issue with flying cars. If you get one of those like Toy Drones, think of how much? How loud those are and how much air that they how much air they blow. Now imagine if that's like 1000 times heavier. This is not going to be make your neighbors happy. Your neighbors are not going to be happy. If you land a flying car in your backyard. It'll be very helicopter. They're on your roof. They're just really going to be like what the data was annoying. You can't even like if you want to find cars just put some wheels on a helicopter.

Is there a way around that like would if they figure out some sort of magnetic technology like all those Bob Lazar type characters were thinking that was a part of the UFO technology they were doing at Area 51. Member, didn't they have some? Some thoughts about magnetics? Nope, no bullshit. Yes. Really? Yeah,

there's a fundamental momentum exchange with the air. So you must you must accelerate it there's there's like there's, there's a certain you have a mass and you have gravity, gravitational acceleration. And mass, mass times your mass times gravity must equal the mass of airflow times the acceleration of that airflow to have an neutral force. So it's it goes down, and then you want move. Okay, if mg is greater than mA, you will go down. And if m is greater than mg, you will go up. That's how it works. There's just no way around that there is definitely no way around it,

there's no way to create some sort of a magnetic something or another that allows you to,

technically, yes, you, you could have a strong enough magnet. But that magnet would be so strong, that you would create a lot of trouble would

just suck cars up into your car. Just pick up.

I mean, you'd have to repel off of either material on the ground, or in a really nasty situation of Earth's gravitational field, and somehow make that incredibly light. But that magnet would cause so much destruction, you'd be better off with a helicopter. So

if there was some sort of magnet Road, like you have two magnets, and they repel each other, if you had some sort of a magnet road that was below you, and you could travel on that magnet road. That would work.

Yes, yes. You could have a magnet road, a magnet road.

Is that too ridiculous?

No, it's work. So you can do that Nicholas to write I would not recommend it.

There's a lot of things I don't recommend or not recommend that.

Not good. Not wise, I think no roads? No. No, that? No, definitely not. Definitely, I was good, I would cause a lot of trouble.

So you put some time and consideration into this other than, you know, instead of like, my foolishly rendered thoughts, so you think that tunnels are the way to do it? Oh,

it'll work for sure. That'll work. Yes. And

your these, these tunnels that you're building right now, these are basically just like test versions of this ultimate idea that you have.

You know, it's just a hole in the ground, right?

We played videos of it, where you just drop that hole in the ground, there's a sled on it and the sled goes very fast, like 100 miles an hour plus, yeah, you

can go real fast, fast as you want. And then if you want to go long distances, you can just draw the air out of the tunnel. Make sure it's real straight

for the air of the tunnel,

yeah. So vacuum tunnel. Because the then and then depending on how fast you want to go, can you these wheels or you could use air bearings depending upon the ambient pressure in the tunnel, or you could maglev it if you want to go super fast.

So magnet road. Yes,

but underground magnet roads underground magnet otherwise you're going to really create a lot of trouble with because there's metal things. So

magnet rows the way to go just underground. If you want to go

really fast underground, you will be in a European maglev in a vacuum tunnel

mag in a vacuum tunnel magnetic

levitation in America tunnel insures fun with rocket launchers. Now I would not recommend putting any kind of exhaust gas in the tunnel.

Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. Right, you have to pump it out. And you probably have limited amount of air in the first place. Like how much can you breathe? Do you have to pump oxygen into these cubicles?

Pressurized pod to be like a like a little tiny underground spaceship basically.

Okay, airplane. Because you have a or an airplane. It's not getting new Aaron. It is.

It is yes. They have like a little hole. Yeah, they

have a pump. Really? Yeah, it

gets it from the outside.

Yes. Wow. I didn't know that. It's like

it's the air. Airplanes have have easy because essentially, you can, they're pretty leaky. But she's Yeah. So long as they as long as the air pump is working at a decent speed, they have backup pumps. So they're like, you know, three pumps or four pumps or something. And, and then that, then there's like there's an it exhausts through the outflow valve and and through whatever. Seals are not sealing quite right. Usually the door doesn't seal quite right on a plane. So there's a bit of leakage around the door. and that the pumps exceed the outflow rate. And then that sets the pressure in the in the cabin.

Now, have you ever looked at planes and gone? I can fix this? I just want to

make up a design for a plane,

you do a better design?

I mean, probably I think it is.

Have you talked to about this?

And I've talked to friends, friends, friends and family,

friends, girlfriends, and you can tell me what do you got? What's going on?

Well, I mean, the exciting thing to do would be some sort of electric, vertical takeoff and landing supersonic jet of some vertical

takeoff and landing me no need for a runway just shoot up straight on the air. And then how would you do that? When they do that, and some military aircrafts, correct, yes,

the trick is that you have you have to transition to level flight. And then you the thing that you would use for vertical takeoff or takeoff and landing is not suitable for high speed flight.

So you have two different systems

of thought about this quite a lot. Of interesting thing about an electric plane is that you want to go as high as possible, but you need a certain energy density and the battery pack. Because you have to overcome gravitational potential energy, once you've overcome gravitational potential energy and you're at at at a high altitude, the energy use in crews is very low. And then you can recapture a large part of your gravitational potential energy on the way down. So you really don't need any kind of reserve fuel, if you will, because you have the the energy of height, gravitation potential energy, this is a lot of energy. So so once you can get high you that, like, the way to think about a plane is it's a force balance to the force balance. So a plane that is not accelerating is a neutral force balance of the force of gravity. If the lift force with the wings, then you've got the force of the whatever thrusting device, the propeller, or turbine or whatever it is, and you've got the resistance force of the air. Now, the higher you go, the lower the air resistance is, air density drops exponentially, but drag increases with the square and exponential beats of square, the higher you go, the faster you will go for the same amount of energy. And at a certain altitude, you will you can go supersonic, with less energy per mile quite a lot less energy per mile, then an aircraft at 35,000 feet. Because it's just a force balance.

I'm too stupid for this conversation.

It makes sense though.

No, I'm sure it does. Now, when you think about this new idea of of designing, when when you have this idea about improving planes are you going to bring this somebody who just chuck Well, I have a lot on my plate, right. That's what I'm saying. I don't know. I don't know how you do what you do now. But if you keep coming up with these, but it's got to be hard to pawn these off on someone else either a cake, go do a job. Good job with this vertical takeoff and landing system that I want to implement to regular planes.

They're playing electric airplane isn't necessary right now. Electric cars are important. When energy is important, stationary storage of energy is important these things are much more important than creating electric supersonic feet tall. Also the plants naturally you really want that gravitational energy density for an aircraft and this is improving over time. So it's important that we accelerate the transition to sustainable energy. That's why electric cars matters whether electric cars happen sooner or later you know we're really playing a crazy game here with the atmosphere of the oceans we're taking vast amounts of carbon from deep underground and putting this putting this in the in the in the atmosphere was was crazy. should not do this. It's very dangerous. So we should we should we should accelerate the transition to sustainable energy. I mean, the bizarre thing is that obviously we're going to run out of oil in long term. You know, we're gonna there's only so much oil we can we can mine it burn. That's tautological we must have have sustained sustainable energy transport and energy infrastructure in the long term. So we know that's the endpoint. We know that. So why run this crazy experiment? Where we take trillions of tons of carbon from underground and put it in the atmosphere and oceans? This is insane experiment. It's the dumbest experiment in in human history. Why are we doing this? Crazy?

Do you think this is a product of momentum that we started off doing this when it was just a few engines? A few 100 million gallons of fuel over the whole world, not that big of a deal. And then slowly but surely over a century, it got out of control. And now it it's not just our fuel, but it's also mean. Fossil fuels, you're involved in so many different electronics, so many different items that people buy? It's just this constant desire for fossil fuels constant need for oil. without consideration of the sustainability,

the thing is like oil, oil, coal, gas was the easy money. Right? It's easy money. So have

you heard about clean coal? The person has been tweeting about it's got to be real, clean coal, all caps, do you see used all caps?

Clean Coal? Well, you know, it's very difficult to put that co2 Back in the ground. It doesn't like being in solid form of energy

like that, like some sort of a filter, giant building sized filter sucks carbon out of the atmosphere.

No, no, it doesn't possible. No, nope, no, nope, definitely not fucked. No, we're not fucked.

I mean, this is a quite a complex question, right? You know, we're really just when the more carbon we take out of the ground and add to the atmosphere, and a lot of it gets permeated into the oceans, the more dangerous it is, like, I don't think right now, I think we're okay, right. Now, we can probably even add some more. But the momentum towards sustainable energy is too slow. Like that. There's a vast base of industry, vast transportation system like this, this two and a half billion cars and trucks in the world. So and the new car and truck production, if it was 100%, electric, that's only about 100 million per year. So it would take if you could snap your fingers, and it's instantly turn all all cars and trucks electric, it would still take 25 years to change the transport base to electric. Makes sense? Because how long does it truck a car truck lasts before it goes into the junkyard and gets crushed about 20 to 25 years.

Is there a way to accelerate that process? Like some sort of subsidies or some encouragement from the government financially?

Well, the thing that is going on right now is that there's an inherent subsidy in any oil burning device, any any power plant or car is fundamentally consuming the carbon capacity of the oceans and atmosphere or just say atmosphere for short. So you can say okay, there's a certain probability of something bad happening past a certain carbon concentration in the atmosphere. And so there's some uncertain number where if we put too much carbon in the atmosphere, things overheat. Oceans warm up, ice caps melt ocean real estate becomes a lot less valuable things underwater. And but it's not clear what that number is, but it's definitely not scientists at all. It's really quite the scientists scientific consensus is overwhelming. Overwhelming I mean, I don't know any serious scientists actually zero literally zero who don't think that you know that but we're have quite a serious climate risk that we're facing. And so that's fundamentally a subsidy occurring with every fossil fuel burning thing power plants. Aircraft, car, frankly, even rockets. I mean, rockets use a, you know, they burn, they burn fuel. But there's just, you know, with rockets, there's just no other way to get to orbit unfortunately. So it's the only way but with cars, there's definitely a better way with electric cars. And to generate the energy do so with photovoltaics. Because we've got a giant thermonuclear reactor in the sky called the sun. It's great sort of shows up every day, very reliable. So if you can generate energy from solar panels stored with batteries, you can have energy 24 hours a day. And then you can consent to the poles ordinate near to the north, with high voltage lines. Also, the North northern northern parts of the world tend to have a lot of hydropower as well. By the way, all fossil fuel powered things have an inherent subsidy, which is their consumption of the carbon capacity of the atmosphere, and oceans. So people tend to think like, Why Why should electric vehicles have a subsidy, but they're not taking into account that all fossil fuel burning vehicles, fundamentally, is subsidized by the cost, the environmental cost to Earth? But nobody's paying for it. We are going to pay for it. Obviously, in the future, we will pay for it. It's just not paid for now.

What is the bottleneck? In regards to electric cars and trucks and things like that? Is it battery capacity?

Yeah, got to scale up production. Got to make the car compelling. Make it better than gasoline or

diesel cars make it more efficient in terms of like the distance it can travel? You're gonna

be able to go far, far enough. Recharge fast

and you're roadster? You're you're anticipating 600 miles, is that correct?

Yeah, yeah. When was was 600 miles

that right now, like if you driven one 600 miles now? No, we could

totally make one right now. That would be 600 miles, but the thing is too expensive. So it's like the cars but it's more so? Well, you know, just have a 200 kilowatt hour battery pack and you can go 600

miles. What do you have now?

330 mile range. But that's

a 30 mile range. What does that in terms of kilowatts?

Well, that would be for Model S 100 kilowatt hour pack. We'll do about 330 miles, maybe 335. Or some people have hyper mild to 500 miles hyper mild,

it would just like go on 45 miles an hour or something. Yeah,

like 30 miles an hour. So it's like an unlevel ground with a pump the tires up really well. I'm gonna smooth surface and then you can go for a long time. But like, definitely constantly do 300 Miles is there. So it's fine for most people? Usually 200 or 250 Miles is fine. threader Miles is huge. Don't even think about it. Really?

Is there any possibility that you could use solar power that solar powered one day, especially in Los Angeles? I mean, as you said about that giant nuclear reactor a million times bigger than earth just floating in the sky? Is it possible that one day, you'll be able to just power all these cars? Just on solar power? I mean, we don't ever have cloudy days, if we do this three of them?

Well, the surface area of a car is without making the car like really blocky or having some like a G Wagen. Yeah, like, and just like, if I look a lot of stuff, sir. Where like maybe like solar panels fold out or something like your E Class. That's

what we needed. The E type. Yeah, that the Jaguar e type, with a giant long hood, that could be a giant solar panel.

What beginning of Tesla didn't want to have this like unfolding solar panel thing? They'd press a button and it would just like unfold the solar panels and like charge, recharge your car in the parking lot? Ah, yeah, we could do that. But I think it's probably better to just put that on your roof. Right? And then it's going to be facing the sun all the time. Because otherwise your car could be in the shade, you know, could be in the shade. It could be in a garage that didn't

have Fisker have that on the roof. The Fisker Karma. New generation for Earth. I believe it was only for the the radio. Is that correct? Yeah.

I mean, I think it could like recharge like two miles a day or did

you laugh when they started blowing up when they get hit with water? Do you remember what happened? They got the Yeah, the wind they had a dealership or Oh yeah. Fisker Karma is were parked. Is

that like that with a flood in Jersey? Yes,

yes. When the hurricane came in, they got overwhelmed with water and they all started exploding this fucking great video of it. Did you watch the video? I

didn't watch the video but I did see a picture of the movie naked

lubed up watch the video laugh my ass off. They all blow up. They got wet and they blew up that's not good. Yeah,

we made our battery waterproof. So that doesn't happen smart. Yeah, there was a guy in Kazakhstan that I think it was Kazakhstan, that he, he just voted through a tunnel under an underwater tunnel that could flooded tunnel and just turn the wheels to steer and press the accelerator. And it just floated through the tunnel and he smiled steered around the other cars. You're like,

that's amazing. It's

on the internet.

What happens if your car gets a little sideways? Like if you're driving in snow? Like what if you're driving, if your autopilot is on and you're in like Denver, and it snows out, and your car gets a little sideways? Does it correct itself?

Oh, yeah, we're good. It's got great tire traction control.

But does it know how to like Correct. Do you know how like, Oh, yeah. And you know how to counter steer?

Oh, yeah. No, it's really good. It knows how to do it. Yeah. Wow. It's pretty crazy.

That's pretty crazy. Yeah. So like, if you're going sideways, he knows how to correct itself.

Generally won't go sideways. He won't know why not. It will correct itself before it goes sideways. Even in black eyes. Yeah, this video is we could see the car. The

track alone. Traction

Control System is very good. It makes me feel like Superman. It's great. Like, feel like you're gonna like, it'll make you feel like this incredible driver.

I believe it. Yeah. Now how do you program? Well, we

do our testing on like an ice lake in Sweden. Oh, really? Yeah. And like Norway, and Canada and a few other places. Porsche does

a lot of that too, as well, they do a lot of their they do some of their driver training school on these frozen surfaces. So you're just you're the car is going sideways, whether you like it or not. And you have to learn how to slide into corners and how to adjust.

But well, electric cars have really great traction control because the reaction time is so fast, right? So with a gasoline car, you've got a lot of latency takes a while for the the engine to react and for the but for electric electric motors incredibly precise. That's why like you imagine like, like, if you had like a printer or something, you would only you wouldn't have a gasoline engine printer, that would be pretty weird. Or like a surgical device, it's going to be an electric motor, on the surgical device on the printer. Gasoline engines going to be just chugging away, you're not going to have the reaction time. But to an electric motor, it's operating at the most second level. So it can turn on Track on and off traction. Within like inches of getting on the honest like let's say drive a patch of ice, it'll turn traction off, and then turn it on a couple inches right after the ice. Like a little patch of ice. Because in the frame of the electric motor, you're moving incredibly slowly. You're like a snake. You're a snail. You're just moving so slowly. Because it's it can see at 1000 frames a second. So it's like say One Mississippi, it just thought about things 1000 times.

So it's realized that your wheels are not getting traction. It understands there's some slippery surface that you're driving on. Yes. And it makes adjustments in real time.

Yes. And milliseconds.

There was it'd be so much safer than a regular car. Yes. It is just that alone for loved ones. You'd want them to be driving your car. Yes, they're on board. Fuck regular motors

that the S x and three R have the lowest probability of injury of any cars ever tested by the US government? Wow. says yeah, but it's pretty fun. It's pretty crazy. Like we, you know, people still sue us. Like, they'll have like some accident at 60 miles an hour, where they'd like twisted an ankle, and they slipped, they like, there'll be dead in another car. They still sue us.

But that's to be expected. That's to be expected. Do you take that into account with like the same sort of fatalistic? And you know, undertones just sort of just go. You got to let it go. This is what people do. tell

you, I've got to admit it is quite a lot of respect for the justice system. Judges are very smart. And they see they like I haven't. So far I found judges to be very good at justice. Because I like like, what, like, and juries are good, too. Like they're actually quite good. You know, people you know, you read about like occasional errors in the justice system. Let me tell you most of the time, they're very good. And like the, the other guy mentioned that, who fell asleep in the car and he he wrote over a cyclist and you know, and that was what encouraged me to get autopilot. Get out as soon as possible. That guy sued us.

He sued you for falling asleep. Yes, he. I'm

not gonna he blamed it on the new car smell.

What? Yes,

he blamed him falling asleep on your new car smell. There's someone who's this is a real thing that happened was is a lawyer that thought that threw in front of his laptop before he wrote that up.

Yes, he got a lawyer. And he sued us. And the judge was like, You're This is crazy. Stop bothering me. No,

thank God. Yes. Thank God. Thank God. There's a judge out there with a brain.

Tell you judges or judges are very good.

Some of them. What about that justice? A lot of boys up up the river in Pennsylvania who was selling those kids out? Know about that story? No. Judge was selling young boys to prisons. He was like literally Yeah, literally under bribes for he was

Was this an elected judge? Or he's like somebody that you have a judge that's like

actually a politician? No, he was elected judge. This is a very famous story, who he's in jail right now, I think for the rest of his life. And he put away he would take like a young boy would do something like steal something from a store. And he would put them in detention for you know, five years, something were ridiculously egregious. And they investigated this history. And they found out that he was literally being paid off. Was it by private prisons? Is that what the the deal was? There was some sort of, but anyway, this judges to judges

who judges kids for cash scandal is what it's called. Designate. Yeah. Common Pleas judges. So I think they are elected

and who was paying them? Oh. Someone, it was proven to the point where they're in jail now that someone was paying them to put more asses in the seats in these private prisons, million dollar payment to put them in the youth centers builder, a million dollar payment. I

do think it's this private prisons thing is creating a bad incentive. Right. Yes. But I mean, that judges in prison, thank God. Yes. But for people who think perhaps the justice system consists entirely of judges like that, I want to assure you, this is not the case. The vast majority of judges are very good. I agree. And they care about justice. And they could have made a lot more money if they wanted to be a trial lawyer. And instead, they cared about justice, and they made less money because they care about justice. And that's why they're judges. I feel

that same way about police officers. I feel like there's so many interactions with so many different people with police officers, that the very few that stand out that are horrific. We tend to look at that, like this is evidence that police are all corrupt. And that I think that's crazy.

No, most most police are very honest. Yes. And, and, like military evidence, military personnel that I know, very honorable ethical people. Yeah. And much more admirable, ethical than the average person. That's my impression. That's my impression as well. But and that's not to suggest that we we be complacent and assume everyone's honest and ethical. And obviously, if somebody is, is given a, a trusted place in society, such as being a police officer or a judge and they are corrupted, then we must be extra vigilant against such situations and take action. But but we should not think that this is somehow broadly descriptive of people in that profession.

I couldn't agree more. I think there's also an issue with one of the things that happens with police officers, prosecutors, and anyone that's trying to convict someone or arrest someone is that it becomes a game. And then games people want to win. Yeah, sometimes people

cheat. Yes. Yes, I mean, if you're a prosecutor shoot, you should not always want to win. There are times when you should like, Okay, I just did not want to win this case, and then just pass on that case. Sometimes people wonder when too much that is true. I think also the cup becomes tough. If you're, if you're like a district attorney, you know, you tend to sort of see a lot of criminals, and then your, your view of the world can get negatively, you know, have a negative, you know, have a negative view of the world because you're just interacting with a lot of criminals. But actually most of society is not consist of criminals, right? And I actually had this conversation at dinner several years ago with the district attorney, I was like, man must sometimes seem pretty, pretty dark, because, you know, man, there's some there's some terrible human beings out there. And he was like, yep. And he was like dealing with some case, which consisted of a couple of old ladies that would run people over somehow for insurance money. It was rough. Like wow, that's that's pretty rough. As like, it's like hard to maintain faith in humanity. If you're district attorney but but you know, it's only a few percent of society that are actually bad. And then if you go to the worst, say, point 1% of society, or the worst one and 1001 and a million, you know, like, how bad is the millionth worst person in the United States are too damn bad? Like, damn evil like, the, the millions, like the millionth one and a million of evil is so evil people cannot even conceive of it. But there's 330 million people in the United States. So that's 330 people out there somewhere. But by the same token, there's also three or three people who are incredible angels and unbelievably good human beings. Yeah, on the other side,

but because of our fear of danger, we tend to our thoughts tend to gravitate towards the worst case scenario, yes. And we want to frame that. And that's one of the real problems with prejudice that we want, whether it's prejudice towards different minorities, or prejudice towards police officers or anything. Like we want to look at the worst case scenario and say, This is an example of what this is all about. And you see that, even with people how they frame genders with some some men frame, women like that, they get ripped off by a few women, and they said, All women are evil. Some women get fucked over by a few men, all men are shit. And in this, this is very toxic. And it's also it's a very unbalanced way of viewing the world. And it's very emotionally based. And it's based on your own experience, your own anecdotal experience. And it can, it can be very influential to the people around you. And it's just, it's a dangerous way. It's a dangerous thought process and pattern to promote it is,

it is a very dangerous pattern. I really think, you know, people should give other people the benefit of the doubt, and assume that they're good until proven otherwise. And I think, really, most people are actually pretty good people. Nobody's perfect. You

have to be if you think the vast numbers of us that are just interacting with each other with each other constantly. Yeah, we have to be better than we think we are. Yeah, no way. Like there's no other way.

I mean, here are these weapons like but how many times like nobody's presumably tried to murder you and you're able to yeah, yes. Nobody's like, what's right, they're

fake flame thrower. Here's a flame thrower. Now we've got a real problem. I'm gonna put it on that side, too. I'm gonna leave it for the guests. Yeah, I'm gonna like, Look, man, if I say something that fucked up, it's right there. to liven

things up for sure. Guarantees make any party better.

Yeah. Well, that's I mean, that's the armed civilization theory. Right. The armed community is safe and polite community. Yeah, Texas. It's kind of true.

Yeah, I mean, people

in Texas are super polite, and everyone's gonna go

don't make somebody angry. Ya know, don't know what's gonna happen. Yeah, it's

not a good mood. Yeah, piss people off and everybody can have a gun. Yeah. Just let that guy get in your lane. Yeah.

Yeah. You know, we got a big test site in Central Texas near Waco. Beautiful. Yeah. SpaceX in McGregor. About 15 minutes. We're from Waco.

That's close to where Ted Nugent lives to Ted Nugent. Okay,

cool. Yeah. Yeah, they're, you know, we have like, lots of fire and loud explosions and things and people that they're cool with it. I

don't give a fuck out there. They're very supportive. Yeah, that you can buy fireworks when your kids go to school?

Yeah, it's, you know, it's dangerous. Yeah.

But it's free. It's free. There's something about this. That's very enticing because of that. It is dangerous. But it's also free, right? Yeah. Yeah.

I kind of like Texas. Well, I

prefer it over places that are more restrictive, but more liberal. Because you could always be liberal, like, just because things are free. And just because you have a certain amount of you know, right wing type characters. It doesn't mean you have to be that way. No, and honestly, there's a lot of those people that are pretty fucking open minded and let you do whatever you want to do. Right. And you don't bother them.

Yeah, exactly. That's my

hope right now with the way we're able to communicate with each other today. And how radically different it is than generations past is that we all just the dust settles, and we all realize like, like what you're saying that most people are good. Most people aren't good. The vast majority. Yes.

I think you should give people the benefit of the doubt for sure.

I think you're right. Yeah. You don't get help that what mushrooms they're delicious. Yeah, right. Yeah. They're good for you too. Yeah. All of them. All kinds of what do you see in terms of like when you think about the future of your company? Nice. What do you see is like bottlenecks? What's more? Sure. Like? What do you see in terms of like bottlenecks of things that are that are holding back innovation? Is it regulatory commissions and people that don't understand the technology that are influencing policy? Like what what could potentially be holding you guys back right now? Is there anything that you would change? Yeah,

that's a good question. You know, I wish I wish politicians were better at science, that would help a lot.

That's a problem. Yes, there's no incentive for them to be good at science. There isn't.

Actually, you know, they're they're pretty good at science and China, I have to say, yeah, the mayor of Beijing is, I believe, an environmental engineering degree. And the deputy mayor has a physics degree and met them. And the mayor says Shanghai is really smart. And you're

up on technology. What do you think about this government policy of stopping use of Huawei phones? And there's there's something about the the worry about spying is, I mean, from what I understand from real tech people, they think it's horseshit.

Oh, I like phone. No, I don't know.

Like the government said, don't buy Huawei phones. Does that day you up on that roll now? Should we just plan on this idea? Well, I

think like I guess if you're if you're, if you have like, top secret stuff, then you want to be pretty careful about what hardware you use. But you know, like, most people do not have top secret stuff, right? Like nobody really cares what porn you watch. It's like, nobody actually cares. You know? So if

they do, that's kind of on them. Limits just

like, like National spy agencies do not care Trump do not give a rat's ass. What porn you watch. They do not care. So like, what secrets does a national spy agency have to learn from the average citizen? Nothing? Well, that's

the argument against the narrative. And the argument by a lot of these tech people is that the real concern is that these companies like Huawei, are innovating at a radical pace. And they're trying to stop them from integrating into our culture and letting this ride right now they're the number two cell phone manufacturer in the world. Okay, Samsung is number one, Huawei is number two, Apple is now number three, they surpassed Apple's number two. And the idea is that this is all taking place without them having any foothold whatsoever in America. There are no, there's no carriers that have their phones, you have to buy their phones unlocked through some sort of a third party and then put okay. So and the worry is, you know, that these are somehow or another controlled by the Chinese government, that Communist Chinese government is going to distribute these phones. And I don't know if it's the worries, economic influence, that they'll have too much power. I don't know what it is. Are you? Are you paying attention on any of this?

Not really, you know, I don't think we should worry too much about Huawei phones. You know, maybe, you know, our national security agencies shouldn't have how well Huawei phones maybe that's a question mark. But I think for the average citizen is doesn't matter. Doesn't just like no, they're not pretty sure the Chinese government does not care about the goings on of the average American citizen.

Is that Is there a time where you think that there will be no security will be impossible to hold back information that whatever bottleneck will will let go, we're going to we're going to give in the whatever bottleneck between privacy and ultimate innovation will have to be bridged in order for us to achieve the next level of technological proficiency that we're just gonna abandon it. And there'll be no no security, no privacy.

Do people want privacy because they seem to put everything on the internet. Well, right

now, you're confused. But when you talk about your neural link and this this idea that one day, we are going to be able to share information and we're going to be some sort of a thing that symbiotically create symbiotically Connect. Yeah.

I think we really need to worry about security and that situation and why Sure. That's like a security repairment

Sure. Yeah. But also we will be is will be so much different lark, our concerns, about money, about status about well, all these things will seemingly go by the wayside if we really become enlightened, if we really become artificially enlightened by some sort of an AI interface, where we have this symbiotic relationship with some new internet type connection to information But you know, what happens then? What? What is important? What is not important? Is privacy important when we're all gods.

I mean, I think the things that we think are important keep private right now, right? We probably will not think or

write information. Right? What do you what do you hide emotions? What do we hide?

I mean, I think like, I don't know, maybe it's like embarrassing stuff, right?

embarrassing stuff. But there's

actually like, I think people there's like not that much. That's kept private, that people that is actually irrelevant, right, that people would other people actually care about. And we think other people care about it, but they don't really care about it. And certainly governments don't. Well, some people

care about it. But then it gets weird when you when it gets exposed, like Jennifer Lawrence, when those naked pictures of her got exposed. Like I think in some ways, people liked her more than they realize, like, she's just a person that just a girl who likes sex and is just alive and has a boyfriend and sends a messages. And now you get to look into it. And you probably shouldn't have let somebody let it go. And they put it online. And all right.

She seems to be doing okay, he's a

person. She's just you and me. And same thing. She's just in some weird place where she's on a 35 foot tall screen with music playing every time she talks.

Yeah, I mean, I'm sure she's she's like, not not happy about it. But she's she's, but she's fairly doing fine.

But once this interface is fully realized, where we really do become something far more powerful in terms of our cognitive ability or ability to understand irrational thoughts and mitigate them. And that we're all connected in some sort of an insane way. What I mean, how, what are our thoughts on wealth, our thoughts on social status, like how many of those just evaporate, and our need for privacy? Maybe our need for privacy will be the ultimate bottleneck that we'll have to subsidize, that we'll have to surpass.

I think the things that we think are important now will probably not be important in the future, but there will be things that are important.

What was immoral for things.

That only might be some war of ideas. Potentially. I don't think Darwin's going away. Right, though is going to be there

will be there forever. Forever. Yeah.

It would just be a different a different arena. The arena, the digital arena, different arena. Darwin is not going away.

What keeps you up at night?

was quite hard to run companies. Yeah. Especially car companies. How do they it's quite challenging. The car

business is the hardest one of all the things you do. Yes, because it's a consumer oriented business as opposed to like SpaceX and

not that SpaceX and SpaceX is no walk in the park. But but a car company, it's very difficult to keep a car company alive. It's very difficult. You know, there's only two car companies in the history of American car companies that haven't gone bankrupt. And that's Ford. And Tesla. That's it.

Yeah, Ford rode out that crazy storm, huh? They're the only one I just gave you their teeth. Shout out to the Mustang. Yeah, by the skin of their teeth. That is interesting. Right.

Same with Tesla. We barely survived how close you get to folding. Very close we are 2000 is not a good time to be a car company, especially a startup company and especially an electric car company. I was like stupidity squared. And

this is when you had those cool Roadsters with the t top with a target top. Yeah,

we had like he was a highly modified Elise chassis, the body was completely different. By the way I was really super dumb strategy that we actually did was very dumb. It was based on two false premises. One false premise was that we'd be able to cheaply convert the Lotus Elise and use that as a car platform and that we will be able to use technology from this little company called AC Propulsion. For the electric drivetrain, the battery is AC Propulsion technology did not work in production. And we ended up using none of it longterm. None of it. We had to redesign everything. And then the once you add a battery pack, an electric motor to the car it got heavier, 30% heavier invalidated the entire structure or the crash structure, everything had to be redone. Nothing like that. I think it had less than 7% of the parts were common with any other device, including cars or anything.

Less than 7%. Yes, everything, including tires and wheels, bolts.

Brakes. Yeah, even everyone will see the steering wheel was. I think the steering wheel was almost the same. Yes, the windscreen went windscreen? No, I think the windscreen is the same. Yes, I

think I think we were able to keep the last 7%. So that's basically every body

panel was different. The entire structure was different. The we couldn't use the H like the H vac system. The view of the air conditioner was a belt driven air conditioner off of now we needed something that was electrically driven. We need a new AC compressor.

And all that takes away from the battery life as well. Right? Yeah,

we needed a small highly efficient air conditioning system that fit in a tiny car and was electrically powered, not belt driven. It's very difficult.

How much of those were those cars? The Roadster?

I think it was about 2700 pounds, I still vary depending on which version 2650 to 2027 50 pounds, something like that.

And what was the weight distribution?

It was about 50 Well, there were different versions of the car. So is about 55 on the rear. It was were bias.

Right but not bad. Like considering like a 911, which is like one of the most popular sports cards of all time. Heavy rear end bias. Well,

I mean, yeah, the 911 like the joke is like the ministered despite Newton not being on their side. Yeah, if you're fighting Newton, it's very difficult. Well, it's like you've got this the moment of inertia on a 911. It doesn't make any sense.

They do once you understand them. Once you understood

don't want to hang the engine off the gas, this is not a wise move.

You don't want to lead up on the gas when you're in a corner. You

the problem with with with a with with something that's where the engine is mounted over the rear axle or off the rear axle towards the rear, is that you pull a moment of inertia is fundamentally screwed. You cannot solve this. It's unsolvable. You're screwed, pull them over and nursery's. You're screwed.

Right. Like essentially, if

you spawn the car like a top that's your polymer would have inertia. You're just I probably wouldn't swear this show, by the way. Really? Who was my friend?

Tell that friend to go fuck himself? Who told you not to swear? All right. Good friend. Yes. Realize your fucking Elon Musk could do whatever you want, man. If you ever get confused call me.

Elsewhere the private square up a storm just say frickin

it's fun way there's like old house moms. Wives share it. They have children. Yes. Frickin thing. Yeah.

But anyway, like like the Porsche. It's kind of incredible how well Porsche handles given that it's the physics Yes, moments of inertia are so messed up. To actually still make it work well is incredible.

Well, if you know how to turn into the corner, and once you get used to the feeling of it, there's actual benefits to it. You know, there are some benefits.

I enjoy. I the car I had before. Tesla was at 911. Okay,

that was 997 or 697. Yeah, yeah. Great car, man. Yeah,

I mean, particularly with the Porsche Turbo when they had the variable veins. Turbo and you didn't have the turbo lag? That was great. Yeah, I was really great. The turbo lag was, is like, you know, you floor it. Like phone home. Call your mom, the older woman. About an hour later the car accelerates.

And super dangerous, too. Because in the real world start spinning. Yeah. Yeah. There's something fun about it, though, like feeling that rear weight kicking around? You know, and again, it's quite efficient.

I could feel to it. Yeah,

I agree. But that's, that's what I was talking about earlier about that little card that I have in 93 911. It's just, there's, it's not fast. It's not it's not the best handling car. But it's more satisfying than any other car I have. Because it's so mechanical. It's like everything about it like crackles and bumps. And it gives you all this feedback. And I take it to the Comedy Store because when I get there, I feel like my brain is just popping and it's on fire. It's like a strategy for me now that I really stopped driving other cars there. I drive that car there just for the Brain Juice. Just for the the inner, the interaction.

I mean, you should try. Model S P 100. D I'll blow your mind. Your skull. Okay, yeah.

Tell me what to order.

I'll order Model S P 100 D Okay, Jamie, Tesla's car that I drive. Okay. Okay, I'll

get with the car you drive. Okay.

It will blow your mind.

I believe you How can I drive?

300 miles? That's good.

For la regular days,

you will never notice the battery.

Never Never. How hard is it to get like one of them crazy plugs installed in your house. That difficult now

it's super easy. It's like, yeah, it's like a dryer plug. It's like a dryer outlet?

Didn't you come up with some crazy tiles for your roof that are solar paneled?

Yeah, yeah, we're have it on my roof right now actually just trying it out. That's the thing, it's, it takes a while to test roof stuff, because roofs have to last a long time. So like you want your leaf roof to last, like 30 years for a regular roof. Now so there's two versions, there's like the solar panels you put on a roof. So like depending on whether your roofs new or old. So if your roofs new, you don't want to replace the roof, you want to put like solar panels on the roof. Right. So that's like retrofit, you know, and then we're trying to make the retrofit panels a grill nice. And then But then the the new product we're coming out with is if you if you have a roof, that's either you're building a house, or you're gonna replace your roof anyway, then you make the site the tiles, so have solar solar cells embedded in the tiles. And then it's quite a tricky thing, because you want to not see the solar cell behind the glass tile. So you have to really work with the, the glass and the various coatings and layers so that you don't see the solar cell behind the glass. Otherwise it doesn't look right. Right. So it's really tricky. There

is Jamie put it up there. Yeah, that looks good. So you

see, like, if you look closely, you can see if you zoom in, right, you can see the you can see the cell. But if you zoom out, you don't see the cell,

right. Well, it looks cool, though. Like that's, that's hard. It's really hard,

because you have to have sunlight go through. Right. But when when that's when it gets reflected back out. It doesn't it. It hides the fact that there's a cell there

now are those available to the consumer right now? Well, we

have I think those on that roof right there. Yes. That's amazing. Oh, that looks good. Yeah. I liked that one as

hard. Oh, so you get that kind of fake Spanish looking thing?

I like That's French late.

That's why people in Connecticut smoking pipes. Look at that one. Yeah. That's badass, dude.

So this will actually work.

I believe you. So the the solar panels that are on that house that we just looked at? Is that sufficient to power the entire home?

It depends on your energy on how pressure? Yeah, so? Generally, yes, I would say it's probably for most, it's gonna vary, but anywhere from more than you need to maybe half like half to 1.5 of the energy that you need. Depending on how much roof you have relative to living space

and how ridiculous you are with the TV.

TVs, no problem air conditioning, air conditioning, air conditioning is the is the problem. If you have an efficient air conditioner, and you don't, and depending on how, like, are you air conditioning rooms when they don't need to be air conditioned, which is very common, because pain in the neck? You know, it's like programming your VCR. It's like, right now it's just a blinking 12. So people just like hell with that. I'm just gonna make it this temperature all day long.

Right? I don't have a smart home where if you're in the room that it stays cool, right?

Yeah, it should predict when you're going to be home. And then cool the room, the rooms that you're likely to use. With a little bit of intelligence. We're not talking about like, genius home here. We're just talking like elementary basic stuff. You know, like, if you could hook that into the car, like new as you're coming home, like there's no point in cooling the home and keeping the home really cool when you're not there. Right. But I can tell you're coming home, it's gonna cool it to the right temperature. Right. We have an

app there that works with your solar panels or anything like that.

Yeah, yeah, we do. And we need to hook it into the air conditioning to really make the air conditioning work.

Have you thought about creating an air conditioning system? I know you have. Trick question.

Questions about future potential? Okay.

Let's just let it go. We'll move on to the next thing.

That would be an interesting idea. Sure. Yeah, I

would say radiant heating, all that. Good ideas. Now when you when you think about the efficiency of these homes and you think about implementing solar power and battery power and is there anything else that people are missing? Is there any other like? I just saw a smartwatch that is powered by the heat of the human body and some new technology He is able to fully power that way. I don't know if it's fully or if it's like this watch right here. This is a Casio. It's called a pro tech, and it's in like an outdoors watch and solar powered. Okay. And so it has the ability to operate for a certain amount of time on solar. Yeah. So if you have it exposed, it could function for a certain amount of time on solar. Yeah. Well, you know,

like, there's this health waiting watches where it's just got a weight in the watch. And as you move your wrist, the weight moves from one side to the other, and it winds the watch up. That's a pretty cool thing.

Yeah, yeah. It's amazing that like Rolex is that it's all done mechanically. There's no batteries in there. There's no nothing. Yeah, you

could do the same thing, create a little charger that's based on wrist movement. That really depends on how much energy your Watch uses.

You know, what's fucked up about that though, we accept a certain amount of, like, fuckery with those watches, like I brought my watch. I have a Rolex that my friend Lorenzo gave me and I brought it to the watch store. And I said, this thing's always fast. I said, it's always like, after a couple months, it's like five minutes fast. And they go, yep. They go. Yeah, really, it's just what it does. Hold on. I go. So you telling me that it just is always going to be fast these like, yeah, it's just like, every few months, you gotta like reset, it seems like they should recalibrate that thing. They can't they tried. They see every few months, whether it's four months, or five months or six months, it's going to be a couple of minutes fast.

Okay, it seems like they should really recalibrate that because if it's always fast, you know, delete those minutes,

you need to fucking kick down the door at Rolex. And go you bitches are lazy.

It's kind of amazing that you can keep playing mechanically on a wristwatch with these tiny little gears. It's amazing.

Yeah, I mean, the whole luxury watch market is fascinating. I I'm not that involved in terms like I don't buy them. I bought them as gifts. I don't buy them for myself. But when I look at them online with his million dollar watches out there now that are like, they have like little rotating moons and stars and they live look at this thing. How much is that one J? These are fucking preposterous. I like yours. I love them.

I think there's beautiful.

But there's some of these people that are just taking it right in the ass. They're buying these watches for like $750,000 Mike. Yeah, that's a time Exxon. Nobody knows. It's not any better than some Casio that you could just buy on. Like, look at that, though. Well, here's the thing. If you're a person that doesn't just want to know the time, you want craftsmanship, you want some artisans touch. You want innovation in terms of like a person figuring out how gears and cogs all line up perfectly to every time it turns over. It's basically a second. I mean, that's just there's this art to that. That's great. It's not just telling time. Hey, I liked this watch a lot. But if it got hit by a rock, I wouldn't be sad. Yeah, it's just a watch. It's a mass produced thing that runs on some quartz battery. But those things? That's there's art. Yeah, no, I

agree. It's beautiful. Yeah, yeah. Love it. Yeah.

There's something. There's something amazing about it. It's a because it represents the human creativity. It's not just it's not just a electronic innovation. There's something this is a person's work in that. Yes. You don't have a watch on.

Now, ever. I used to have a watch what happened? My iPhone tells the time. So

point. But if you lose your phone, do you wait, hold on? Sure. Let me guess. You are a no case guy. That's

correct. Oh, living on the edge. We're going to the edge with Tyson

and Neil deGrasse. Tyson was in here last week. I marveled at his ability to get through life without a case. Right? You know, he takes his phone and he flips it in between his fingers. Like, like, like a soldier would do it his rifle. Right? He has rolls that shed in between his fingers. Okay. Marvelous. Wow. He says that's the reason why they do it. He said, when you look at someone who has a rifle. Why would they do that? Why would they flip it around like that? Right? So that when it goes to drop, they have it in their hand. They catch it quickly. Does with his phone. He's just flipping his phone around all the time. I got that in Mexico. I was hoping it holds joints.

Does it do anything? It seems to open it just as a whole. It's the whole storage storage isn't there? But like,

try to put a joint in there. Close it. You put like one, one blunt. One, but seems pretentious. You know, that's the idea behind it. I bought it when I was in Mexico because I figured it'd be a good size to hold joints or not

So is that a joint? Or is it a cigar?

Yes, no? Okay. It's, um, marijuana in tobacco. Okay,

so it's like plush plot. Tobacco has never had that. Yeah, I think I tried one once. Come on man.

Probably can't because stockholders right?

I mean, it's legal, right? It's totally legal. Okay.

How does it work? Do people get upset at you if you do certain things? backhoe and marijuana in there? That's all it is. The combination of tobacco and marijuana is wonderful. First turned on to it by Charlie Murphy and then reignited by Dave Chappelle eight plus whiskey. exactly perfect. balances it out.

alcohol, alcohol is a drug it's been grandfathered in.

Well, it's not just a drug. It's a drug that gets a bad rap. Because you just have a little it's great. Fine. Yeah, a little sip here and there. And just your inhibitions are relaxed, and it shows your true self and hopefully you're more joyous and friendly and happy and, and everything's good. The real worry is the people that can't handle it, like the real worry about people can't handle cars and goes zero to 60 in 1.9 seconds or anything. Have you ever considered something that like imagine if one day everyone has a car that's on the same, at least technological standard is one of your cars. And everyone agrees that the smart thing to do is not just to have bumpers, but to perhaps have some sort of a magnetic repellent device? Something some electro magnetic field around the cars that as cars come close to each other, they automatically radically decelerate because of magnets or something?

Well, I mean, of course, brake automatically brake. Yeah,

yeah. When they see things, yes. But look, a physical barrier, like?

Well, the wheels work pretty well, its wheels, pretty well decelerated. As, you know, 1.1 to 1.2 G's, that kind of thing.

Is your concern that one day all your cars will be on the road? And then they'll still be regular people with regular cars 2030 years from now, that'll get in the mix and be the main problem.

Yeah, I think it'd be sort of like, it was a time of transition where there were horses, and gasoline cars in the road at the same time. It's been pretty weird.

Ah, that'd be the weirdness. Yeah.

I had horses were tricky, you know, back in Manhattan had like 300,000 horses. If you're gonna like, flow horse lives, 15 years, got 20,000 horses but dropping dead every day. Or every year, I should say every year 20,000 Horses if there's 3000 horses and 15 year lifespan.

Back in the gangs in New York days. That movie? Yeah. Yeah. A lot of dead horses. And

then you need a horse to move the horse. Right? That probably gets pretty, pretty freaked out if they have to revert that horse.

Do you think they know what's going on? Yeah, I

mean, it's gotta be like, pretty weird. No, I would imagine my dragging this dead. Horse around and I'm a horse.

Do you ever stop and think about your role in civilization? Do you ever stop and think about your role in the culture because me as a person who never met you until today, when I think of you, you know, I've always thought of you as being this weirdo super inventor dude, who just somehow or another keeps coming up with new shit. But there's not a lot of you out there like everybody else seems to be. I mean, obviously, you make a lot of money. There's a lot of people that make a lot of money. Like that.

Clock. Yeah. Pretty dope, right? This is a great clock.

I want one. I'll get you one. Sure. Okay. Done. Like

weird things like this.

Oh, this is the coolest is TGT promotion. What is his TGT studios? TGT studios? Yeah. Yeah. To a gentleman who makes all this by hand.

Yeah, it's really cool. Let's study is filled with weird devices. Well

get ready for another one. All right. I'm sending it your way. Oh, you want to werewolf to hook you up? All right. I'll take one one werewolf and one clock coming up. Do you think about your role in the culture because me as a person never met you until today? I've always liked to do and like wow, like how does this guy just keep inventing shit? Like how do you how do you keep coming up with all these new devices and what do you ever consider how anew like I had a dream once that there was a million Tesla's instead of like one Tesla there was a million Tesla's okay. Not Chesley the car, but Nikola. Oh, yeah, sure and that in his day A there was a million people like him who were radically innovative. It was a weird dream man was so strange. And I've had it more than once resulted

in very rapid technology, innovation, that's for sure. It's one

of the only dreams in my life I've had more than one time, okay, like where I've woken up, and it's in the same dream, I'm in the same dream. And in this dream, it's 1940s 1950s. But everyone is severely advanced. There's flying blimps with like LCD screens in the side of them, and everything's bizarre and strange. And it stuck with me for whatever. Obviously, this is just a stupid dream. But for whatever reason, all these years that stuck with me like it takes one man like Nikola Tesla, to have more than 100 inventions that were patents, right. I mean, he had some pretty great, pretty fucking amazing ideas. Yes, but there was in his day, there was very few people like him. That's true. What if there was a million? Like what? In advance very quickly, right? But there's not a million Elon Musk's is one motherfucker. Do you think about that? Are you just tried to not?

I don't think I don't think you'd necessarily want to be me.

Well, what's the worst part about it?

People would like it that much. Well,

most people wouldn't. But they can't be you. So that's like, that's like some superhero type shit. You know, wouldn't want to be Spider Man and others. Sleep Titan Gotham City. I hope he's out there doing his job.

It's very hard to turn it off. Yeah. What's the hardest part? Might sound great. But what if it doesn't turn off?

Now I showed you the isolation tank and you've you've never experienced that before? Yeah, I think that could help you turn it off a little bit, just for the night. Yeah, just give you a little bit of sleep. A little bit of perspective is magnesium that you get from the water as well, that makes you makes you sleep easier because the water has Epsom salts in it. But maybe some sort of strategy for sacrificing your bilott or not sacrificing but enhancing your biological recovery time by figuring out a way whether it's through meditation or some other ways to shut off that that thing at night. Like you must have like a constant stream of ideas. It's running through your head all the time. getting text messages from checks.

No. I'm getting text messages from from friends saying What the hell are you doing smoking weed?

Is that bad for you? It's legal.

It's gotta be improved. It's not, you know? I'm not a regular smoker of weed.

How often you smoke it?

Almost never. I mean, it's, I don't actually notice any effect.

Well, there you go. There was a time where I think it was rom das or someone gave some Buddhist monk a bunch of acid. Okay, and he ate it. It had no effect on.

I doubt that. I would say

that too. But I've never meditated to the level that some of these people have, where they're constantly meditating all day, they don't have any material possessions, and all of their energy is spent trying to achieve a certain mindset. I would like to cynically deny that. I'd like to cynically say, they just fucking think the same way I do. They just hang out with flip flops on and make weird noises. But maybe no.

You know, I I know a lot of people like weed, and that's fine. But I don't find that it is very good for productivity for

you. Not for me. Yeah, it's definitely I would imagine that for someone like you. It's not someone like you. It'd be more like a cup of coffee. Right? You want to you have a latte?

Yeah, it's more like the opposite of a cup of coffee. Would you like a cup of coffee in reverse? Oh,

weed is Yeah, no, I'm saying you would like more, more like will be beneficial to you. It'd be like coffee.

I like to get things done. I like to be useful. That is one of the hardest things to do. They'll be useful

when you say you'd like to get things done like in terms of like what you get satisfaction when you complete a project when something something that you invent comes to fruition and you see people enjoying it. That feeling

Yes, doing something useful for other people that I like doing.

That's interesting for other people. Yeah. So that do you think that that is maybe the way you We recognize that you have this unusual position in the culture where you can uniquely influence certain things. Because of this mean, you essentially have a gift, right? I mean, you would think it was a curse. But I'm sure it's been fueled by many years of discipline and learning. But you essentially have a gift. And that you have this radical sort of creativity engine when it comes to innovation and technology. It's like, you're just, you're going at a very high RPMs

all the time. What is that? Like? Isn't stuff? I don't know what would happen if I got into a sensory deprivation tank. Let's try. Sounds were concerning. Like running the engine? With no resistance.

That's what it is, though.

Maybe it's not. Maybe it's fine.

I don't know how I'll try it. I'll try it.

Have you ever is funded, experimented with meditation or anything? Yes. What do you do? or what have you done rather

than just sort of sit there and be quiet. And then repeat some mantra, which acts as a focal point? It's does still the mind, it is still in mind. But I don't find myself drawn to it frequently.

Do you think that perhaps, productivity is maybe more attractive to you than enlightenment? And like, or even the concept of whatever enlightenment means? Like, what are you trying to achieve? When you're meditating all the time? With you? It seems like almost like there's a franticness to your creativity that comes out of this, this burning furnace. And for in order for you to like calm that thing down your throat, might have to throw too much water on it.

It's like a never ending explosion.

Like, what is it? Like? I try to explain it to a dumb person like me.

What's going on? Neverending explosion?

Just constant ideas? Just bouncing around? Yes. Damn. Yeah. So when everybody leaves, just Elon, sitting at home brushing his teeth? Just bunch ideas bouncing around your head. Yeah.

All the time.

When did you realize that? That's not the case with most people.

I think when I was I don't know if I was six or something. I thought I was insane.

Why do you think you're insane?

Because it was clear that other people do not what their mind wasn't exploding with ideas all the time.

They weren't expressing it. They weren't talking about it all too. And you realize by the time we were five or six, like, Oh, they're probably not even getting this thing that I'm getting.

No, it was just strange. It was like I'm strange. That was my conclusion as strange.

But did you feel diminished by it in any way? Like knowing that this is a weird thing that you really probably couldn't commiserate with. with other people. They would they wouldn't understand you

hope they wouldn't find out because they might like put me away or something. You thought that for a second? Yes. When you were little. The other people around me were

like when you were little you thought this? Yeah. Wow. Like you thought this is so radically different than the people that are around me. If they find out I got this stream coming in. Yeah.

Wow.

But you know, I was only like five or six.

Do you think this is like I mean, there's, there's outliers biologically. You mean, there's people that are seven foot nine there's people who have giant hands is people that have eyes that are 2015 vision. There's always outliers. Do you feel like you like caught this? Like you have got some you like on some weird innovation creativity? Sort of wave. That's very unusual. Like you you tapped into. I mean, just think of the various things you've been able to accomplish in a very short amount of time. And you're constantly doing this. That's a weird, you're weird person. Right? I agree. Yeah. Like, what if there's a million Elon Musk's?

Well, that would be very weird. Whoo. Yeah. Be pretty weird. Like, real weird. Definitely. Yeah, what if there are million Joe Rogan's?

The probably is Uh, 2 million I mean, I think that's the case with a lot of folks.

Yeah, I mean, but like, you know, my goal is like, try to useful things. Try to maximize the probability the future is good. Make the future exciting. Something you look forward to, you know, you know, with you know, with Tesla, we're like, trying to make things that people love. You know, it's like not like, how he thinks Can you buy that you really love that really gives you joy. So rare, so rare. I wish there were more things. That's what we're trying to make things that somebody loves.

When you when you think about making things that someone loves, like, do you specifically think about like, what things would improve people's experience? Like what what would change the way people interface with life that would make them more relaxed or more happy? You really think, like, when you're thinking about things like that, is that like, one of your considerations? Like, what what can I do that would help people? Yeah, they wouldn't be able to figure it out.

Yeah, like, like, what are the set of things that can be done to make the future better? Like, you know, like, so I think that a future where we are spacefaring civilization, and out there among the stars. This is very exciting. This makes me look forward to the future. This makes me want that future. You know, the things that need to be things that make you look forward to waking up in the morning you wake up in the morning, you look forward to the day for to the future. And a future where we are spacefaring civilization and out there among the stars. I think that's very exciting. That is a thing we want. Whereas if, if you knew we would not be a spacefaring civilization, but forever confined to Earth, this would not to be a good future. That would be very sad. I think it would be so

sure, of the just the finite lifespan, the earth itself and the solar system itself. That even though it's possibly, you know, I mean, how many what, how long do they feel like this sun? And the solar system's gonna exist? How many hundreds of millions of years?

Well, it's probably, if you're saying, When does the sun boil the ocean? Right? About 500 million years. So

is Is it sad that we never leave? Because in 500 million years that happens? Is that what you're saying?

No, I just think like, if there are two futurists and one future is we're out there among the stars and things we read about and see in science fiction movies, the good ones are true. We have the starships and we're we're going to see what other planets are like. And we're a multi planet species and the scope and scale of consciousness has expanded across many civilizations and many planets and many star systems. This is a great future. This is a wonderful thing to me. And that's what we should strive for.

That's biological travel. That's cells traveling physically to another location.

Yes.

Do you think that's definitely where we're going? No. Yeah, I don't think so. either. I used to think so. And now I'm thinking more likely less than ever, like, almost every day less likely. We

can definitely go to the Moon and Mars. Yeah. Everything we will go to the asteroid belt and we can go to the moons of Jupiter. Saturn. We didn't get to Pluto.

That'd be the craziest place ever. If we colonize Mars and retiro formed it and turned it into like a big Jamaica. Just I think we should and I thought, I mean imagine, right? They're gonna be great. It's protected. Here's what amazing All right, we turned the whole thing into Cancun. Well, I mean, over time,

there wouldn't be easy but yes, right. It's you could just want you could warm it up. Yeah,

you can warm it up. You could add air, you get some water there. I mean, over time, hundreds of millions of years or whatever it takes. We're gonna be a multi planet species. That would be amazing. Multi planet species. That's

really

like air conditioning. Sad.

I'm pro human.

Me too. Yeah,

me too. I love humanity. I think it's great. We're glad

as a robot that you love humans because we love you too. And we don't want you to kill us and eat us. And I

mean, you know, strangely, I think a lot of people don't like humanity and see it as a blight, but I do not. Well, I

think one of those. I think part of that. It's just they've been you know, they've been struggling. When people struggle they associated distress I go with other people. They never internalize their problems they look to other people is holding them back and people suck and fuck people and it's just, you know, to Neverland never ending cycle. But not always, again, most people are really good. Most people vast majority. This

may sound corny, it does sound corny, but love is the answer is

the answer. Yep. Yeah, it is. It sounds corny because we're all scared. You know, we're all scared of trying to love people being rejected or someone taking advantage of you because you're trying to be loving Sure. What if we all could just relax and love each other?

wouldn't hurt to have more love in the world?

It definitely wouldn't hurt. Yeah, it'd be great. Yeah,

we should do that. Yeah,

I agree, man. Really? How

do you fix that you have a love machine, you

know, but probably spend more time with your friends and less time on social media.

Now, deleting social media, from your applications from your phones. that give you 10% boost to happiness was we think percentages?

I think probably something like that. Yeah. All right.

Good. 10% Yeah,

I mean, I mean, the only thing I've kept is Twitter, because I kind of like meet some means of getting a message out, you know, right. That's about it. So far, so good.

Well, what's interesting with you, you actually occasionally engage with people on Twitter. Yeah, it's what percentage of that is a good idea? Haha. Good question. 10%.

It's hard. It's mostly I think it's unbalanced. more good than bad, but there's definitely some bad. So do you ever hopefully the good outweighs the bad?

Do you ever think about how odd it is? The weird feeling that you get when someone says some shit to you on Twitter and you read it? That weird feeling? is a weird little negative jolt? It's like a subjective negative jolt of energy. They don't really need to absorb but you do anyway. Oh, fuck this go for Coombe.

I mean, there's a lot of negativity on Twitter. It

is but it's a weird, it's in its form. Like the way if you ingest it as if you're like, you try to be like a little scientist as you're ingesting it. You're like, well, how weird is this? And I'm even getting upset at some strange person saying something mean to me. It's not even accurate.

I mean, the vast number of negative comments. They've asked for the vast majority of I just ignore them. The vast majority. Yeah. Every now and again, get drawn in. Like good. It's not good. Make mistakes.

Yes, you can make mistakes. We make some mistakes. We're all human. We can make mistakes. Yeah. It's hard. And people love it. When you say something and you take it back. They're like, fuck you. We saved it forever. Fucking screenshot that should pitch you had that. Thought you had that thought? Like, well, I deleted it. Not good enough. You had the thought? I'm better than you. I never had that. Thought you had that thought you piece of shit. Look, I saved it. I put it on my blog.

Yeah, I'm not sure why people think that, that anyone would think that deleting a tweet makes them go away. It's like Hello, internet for a while. Yeah.

But it's even like anything is they don't forever you to be able to delete it. Because the problem is, if you don't delete it, and you don't believe it anymore, it's really hard to say hey, that thing above. I don't really believe that anymore. I changed the way the way I view things. Yes, because people go well, fuck you. I have that over there. I'm gonna just take that I'm never gonna pay attention that shit you wrote.

It's on your permanent record forever. Like to put this on your permanent record.

Yeah, it's like a tattoo. Keep it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, it's it's this thing where there's, it's it's a there's a lack of compassion. So lack of compassion issue. People just like intentionally shitty to each other all the time online and trying to catch it's they're more trying to catch people doing something that's arrestable like a cop trying to like get, you know, a rests on his his record. It's like they're trying to catch you with something more than they're logically looking at it thinking it's a bad thing that you've done, or that it's an idea they don't agree with so much. They need to insult you trying to catch

you. Yeah, I mean, it's way easier to be mean on social media than it is to be mean in person. Yes, way easier.

Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. It's not a normal way of view. When interacting, it's cheating. That's supposed to be able to interact so easily. But people are not looking at. Yes. You would never do that. You don't be so mean somebody's looking in their eyes. If you did, you'd feel like shit. Most people. Yeah, unless you're sociopath.

You'd feel terrible. Yes.

Elon Musk. This has been a pleasure.

Yeah. Likewise, it really has been it's been an honor. Thank you for having me. Thanks for

doing this. Because I know you don't do a lot of long form stuff like this. I hope it in weird you out and hope you don't get mad that you smoke weed. I mean, that it's legal. We're in California. This is elite justice legals this whiskey we've been drinking. Exactly. This is all good. All right. Cheers. Thank you. Is there any message you would like to put out other than loves the answer? Because I think you really nailed it with that.

No, I think, you know, I think people should be nicer to each other, and give people and give, give more credit to to others. And don't assume that they're mean until, you know, they're actually mean. You know, just it's easy to demonize people. You usually wrong about it. People are nicer than you think. give people more credit.

I couldn't agree more. And I want to thank you not just for all the crazy innovations you've come up with and your constant flow of ideas, but that you choose to spread that idea, which is it's it's very vulnerable, but it's very honest, and I it resonated with me and I believe it. I believe it's true, too. So thank you. All you assholes out there. Be nice. Be nice bitch. All right. Thank you, everybody. Thank you not ready.

the first man to smoke marijuana never really smoked the inhaled it was a Chinese man, he was a very great man. And whenever he lit the plant, it wasn't to get high. But he would start to get high. And every time he got high, a blue bird would come to him

and tell him to conquer his neighboring neighborhoods. And he listened to those

to the bird. And that's exactly what he did. And he became a great emperor. And China

went that point in the story. Pablo Escobar looks at his doctor and he goes, have you ever been to Disneyland?

And the doctor goes, no, Pablo. I have a

very clean, very organized.

Whoa. That's it.

But it's a truth. First guy that was a Chinese dude that burnt the plant because he liked the smell of the plant and gave him a soothing but after days of doing it, it packed up in his body and he started to loosen that and he saw a bluebird. Bluebird came to him and told him that he had to conquer the neighborhoods within the region are crazy bird. He got high and a bird start talking to him. What are you gonna do? You know, I don't know if this is true, but this is one of the things that the pot aficionados always used to say is that, you know, when a priest walks down the aisle, and they have that thing that they swing and there's burning incense inside of it. That used to be wheat. That's what they used to do. What dimension I don't know at one point I believe it was we got it became that shit that Batman shot at the Green Hornet. It was like pedophile smoke. You wake up your shirts bomb backwards and shit. Your pants are missing.

Well, what did What is it now? What kind of incense is it? Now? It's like,

I go into the church every once in a while. Yeah, you have to go for the full effect one like the five in the afternoon on Saturday. And the only morning Sunday they don't break out the incense. They don't start breaking out the fucking Maloof get fucking Sagarmala Milan kid.

And the guy comes out and one guy comes out throwing water, cheeses and then the other guy. It's so weird how that somebody made a great point on Twitter the other day they said,

You Me Mitch Hedberg. If there's five of us that delivered newspapers. is five that delivered newspapers. You Hedberg did it. Yeah. You delivered them in a car to other places. I was an asshole that took a route but not the route in my neighborhood. The route in the neighborhood over so I had to beat the kids dead before they get there and steal the papers. I would deliver them right to the doors. Oh, you did too. Yeah. And then you collected Yeah, collected from only a handful people. Most people were on like a monthly subscription plan. They had they were switching over. But the people that you'd have to collect from Yeah, like this envelope, like a tan envelope. And you had to like mark off like, you know, when they do things, I barely remember it because it was only a couple the clients. And after a while I kind of got away from doing them. I said I don't want to do these people that have because it's too hard to collect. It's annoying, like I don't want to I don't want to have to go to that was my specialty. I didn't like I must have been that was when I first got to Catholic school. And my mom gave me an option that I had to go up there and work in the afternoon. And I'm like, I gotta figure something out. I just don't want to go up there anymore. And my friends said, I'm giving up my newspaper out but he didn't give up the one in my neighborhood. He gave up the one in the next city over the next town over that city. I could still walk there. So I'd have to leave school and run over there because of not to do to steal my papers and sell them as their own on the fucking street corners. So I'd have to get them put the circulars in, put them in a thing and then throw them on people's balcony and then on Fridays and Saturdays. I have to go back with a ring after dinner. And collect I do Mr. Rogan. I'm here to pick up 75 cents and they give me like $1.50 That was your tip. Right? And you got like 22 cents a week for delivering the paper did you collect from everybody I collected from everybody I was this efficient? What yours was were these this has to be 7374 75 Yeah, so I guess when I started doing it is when I started driving, which had been like 83 I probably started at three I probably started when I was 17 No, that was 8585 Probably then I was when I probably started doing it. Are you too old to be collected? I wouldn't be that. Well wasn't even that it was just annoying. Like what you wanted to do was go to the depot pick up the papers, chuck them into the people's driveways and that's it. And then there was a few people that wanted it inside the door. So you'd have to get out of your car open up their screen.

door, put it in there and then leave. And the idea was that those people, everybody would say those people tip you better those two, Bill tip you better million. Okay? And so we would only have like a few of those. And I think after the first couple of years, they stopped doing those kinds of collections, or I definitely stopped doing him.

But it was an awesome job. When you're like a young comic, or you know, even before was a comic when I was fighting, it was just, I didn't have to do anything where someone was telling me what to do. I could get my car. I could listen to whatever I wanted to. I listen to Charles Lockwood, Dara. He had the morning the big mattress

on I think it was BCN. I'm pretty sure it's W BCN and Boston. This is awesome radio show. I listen to that. Chuck newspapers on Windows, I do that for like three hours every day. You know, it was the best job ever, because then I would make enough money where I could pay my bills. But I still had all the time in the world, you stand up

all the time, the world train all the time in the world do anything. But it definitely fucked me up. Because you're not supposed to be getting up that early every day. Like that can't be good for you. You know, if you listen to people that know things about sleep, like getting up at 430 in the morning or five in the morning, every day and not being responsible. That was the beginning. To me. That was the beginning of the new Joe Rogan era podcast. That was the first podcast I listened to. I agreed with a lot, but also had a couple of mitigating factors. Because I believe that everybody's body's a lot different. I know I could rock and roll. I could throw down on seven straight. But it's got to be seven straight. No, no, no get up the P two times. Because once you're 50 it could be up and down. See once you turn 5048 Everything changes Papa. So if you see have had nine chicken Cantucci water that has to come up throughout the night, and you will be up all fucking night on the hour every hour. There's no REM sleep. Yeah, there's no REM sleep. So you have to come. Once you get over you have to control your thyroid dog. I've been a specialist on sleep since day one. That was one of the most interesting podcasts you had. I bought the book and everything. And he made some great points in that. I didn't I wasn't raised on an app.

My mom did raise her lap once we came from Cuba. My dad died there was no nap I went where she went. Right. So my day consisted of eight to three in the morning. She had a manager's room in the back of the bar with a cot. And if I got tired at one go back then take a nap. But I gotta stay here till 3am I gotta work. Wow. So my sleep was always horrific. Then when I was running five and six, and school that I went to normal sleep, I went to Catholic grammar school, normal sleep, everything was normal. But my mom had a bad thing that she did. My mom had an issue that a lot of parents don't do when they work nights. It was she did it from the heart because I have a friend who doesn't wake you up at three in the morning Joe Rogan. Joe Rogan Can I butcher black ink and pasta which goon G from whom? bertos and I brought your newspaper? Are you fucking kidding me? Can you imagine if I won't give him another tip when you're 26 Years Old Joe at 330 in the morning, and you know I'm doing it from my heart. And seven out of 10 times you're gonna get up and eat the squeegee Lee or the while the marinara sandwich I brought you from Leo's because they worked in the city.

So if remember you bartender in New York City on the way home when you stop no you stop and get two slices of fucking the best pizza. There is in Manhattan. So my mom would wake me up every night at 330 in the morning with a Cuban sandwich.

That killed me over the years that Mitt would make me get up every night at three.

There's still nights that I'll be sleeping. I got a good night's sleep but I look at the clock and it's 3am on the fucking dot.

Because it's in my

butt like last night I slept good. I fucked up my sleep was bad after I read the book for a while. That's how deep it got into my head. So when I went back to Weight Watchers, I realized I couldn't eat any more fucking edibles. Because they wouldn't they would make me hungry at night. I would fucking go off the charts with points. So I stopped eating edibles and Joe Rogan my sleep pattern changed bad.

Like my body did not know how to go to fall asleep by itself. I went through a month of fucking two hours asleep. Jesus doing a bunch of shit and then three more hours in the afternoon.

Try anything did you try like melatonin or anything like that? I did cocaine for 30 years melatonin to take it to a turkey stick my GABA GABA gooble Gugu I drink them all together the tea the vine and leave me alone. Leave me the fuck alone Alright, fuck this I got something that's GABA GABA, the tea and the trip to pin put together and they still don't find I buy it on Amazon. Not bad. So what I learned to do was rotate it

so now I'm back on the animals I found it about an expired bag achievement shoes, like the Dave Chappelle toy when I went out with Dave I found a bag with about 24 Oh my god, I slice them in half you take one of those you wake up at six in the morning to pee a piece brown expired stamping

what happens if you eat expired animals same thing when you eat an expired Vikon listen to this listen to this listen to

the story of a frog going around this works the jaw this is you're gonna find Joe Schilling he took these and caught him back on Monday.

Nobody knocking yet after he one of these things those things put you in another dimension. Oh my god. I've been in a fucking another dimension since last week and I don't give a fuck. I have not left the house in a week. You understand me? I hate to have them on Saturday. I know you up and I know how beautiful was it beautiful. How are the audience and they were amazing. tremendous tremendous. The nicest people it's a bunch of really smart people that said you know what? Fuck California. Fuck Portland. Fuck New York fuck Chicago. They're gonna get mad we're blown up Boise they want to keep it low key. Oh, yeah. They want to keep it low key as fuck in all those areas. You could ski up there. They got everything out there. Nobody knows. Yeah, they got a couple people I hate black people. But they keep on the side of the state Mark firm is up there fucking Oh, Jay sister in law, you know saying It's alright. It's alright. No, no, no, it's beautiful. And then you went to sign my friend. No. I kidnapped showed up to your show. He said he had a great time. I wanted to say a little Rogen. You could have done the podcast right there. He said he was embarrassed

but Saturday night I pay the fucking animal Joe Rogan. I hate to have these expired ones. I hate one that I said let me take a chance. Saturday night another one. And I noticed your movie was coming on. And it is fucking what a phenomenal movie Midnight Express. When they catch the kid coming back from Turkey with hash on his body. Joe Rogan that is one of the most hottest movies you'll ever fucking watch. And you goddamn the first 30 minutes of that. Like, I thought I was gonna die. Like when they let him go through and they played him and as soon as he hit the fucking plane, they turned them around, ripped his shirt. And they dropped their hands and knees and they gave him the seven years and they started raping him. Jesus, but I watched up to the part where fucking he became friends with this dude, they had a cat. And the dude name was likey likey likey was the guy's name and Lekki killed the cat. And they let this American no you don't have point where even what Michael Douglas and was that movie when he's on the 405 and he just snaps fighting back Michael Douglas is shit and they try to rob them. The three Mexicans tried to rob him from his suitcase. What was it? What was

falling down falling?

He had like his day like that was it? That was the last day to fucking live.

This fucking dude finds out they killed that poor Americans cat and he throws a fucking beat on his left.

Joe Rogan isn't one of the most disturbing beatings. There's two disturbing beatings in film history. That's number two, because he closes it out because the guy was a rat. So after he throws a beatin on look yeah, right there. He spitting up a guy's tongue in the air. And they showed it I gotta give a shout out to Turner Classic Movies. You must fuck had been growing heat the last six days. They had on Sunday mouse last night that the gambler on the night that followed this. This is the 40th anniversary Joe Rogan he throws a beat on him opens his mouth I'm thinking the guy has been a nice guy he's gonna get a month a month and save the guy's life. FUCK NO YOU SEE Him Lord

pulls up like this Joe, they slow it up only fucking real direct that on the waterfront last night Jesus Yeah, they fucking around. And they curse. Once I was watching like what is the commercials and they said fuck one time. Why mothers will play this hand. Now they're going to show the tongue Joe

And he takes it out to you could see the rage from the fucking eight years in that Turkish jail getting fucked in the ass. Eat that hummus. Drinking that fucking watered down tea from Latvia and he just spits his fucking tongue in the air. Look at his beat the best beaten of all time. There's only one better beaten our boy a Mexican when he beat up ta

the pilot. This is LabKey Jesus.

Dude, I forgot about this movie. This is a classic. This is a classic 70s movie.

This is crazy to look at him. He's just this is eight years of getting beat up every day. I'm not I'm gonna fucking kill you. You're fuck

fuck dude.

This is an intense scene. What year is this movie Seven eight. I was a kid. I still remember going to see this in the movies and leaving that like, dog I have ever gone to Turkey. Jesus Christ. The scene for the people that are just listening. He's He's tearing apart this bathroom to get it this guy. I don't remember who the guy is. He's the guy that sells more than down hash and he rat you out. And he's just a creepy fucking dude. And then to finally push them over the top. He hangs his cat. He wakes up to his cat being hung. And right here people this is the fucking strength of the 70s Balls to the wall. Oh smashes? Yeah, no this is real deal. Real Red little little blue

Oh shit. Are you fucking nuts? Good morning. It's the fourth of July. You're fucking with an American motherfuckers even in Turkey we lose our fucking minds. That guy must have been half Armenian isn't money but his tongue. There you go. Dude. This was an IT this guy in the Dinah age and real life. This is a strong strong next time you had guy was a real life guy in

the actor. Who was he? What was his name? I forget what his name Brett Brett Brad Davis. Jesus. Then the second best beating is our man. Anthony Quinn. At the end. When he when he was at. He beat the shit out of the good looking dude for fucking his girlfriend Marielle stole Madeline star in a movie called Revenge. That is oh yeah, remember revenge. Kevin cost Kevin Costner. And then he slices a face and he fucking puts her in a whorehouse Right. Talk to me as every hour on the hour.

This is it. It's a fourth of July. Doug Get your shit together. You have to say if Alex Jones is correct. We're going to have a civil war today. So what the folks you talked to Alex, you got to calm them down. Alex, you got to calm down talking about a civil war. He had me doing an extra achievement shoot the other night.

I was polishing the fuck in the musket. Alex thinks I'm defending the New World Order. Because I didn't think that George Soros was a Nazi.

It's it's also painful. What's our job? Rob? Nothing. What's happening, brother? Everything's great. Me too. I feel good.

Alex Jones. I love you, buddy. For real.

But you say some silly shit. That's where this all comes from? Doesn't mean I don't love you. You're a great guy. But there's some shit. That's just silly. It's wasted time. You know?

That's one of those things. It's just a waste of time.

Does that make sense? Um, which I think there's real conspiracies. You know, but I think there's some that

you know, people just get caught up and looking for conspiracies and everything and after a while it's exhausting.

Let's get the ball off the table. I love the guy loved the podcast with me last week. Yesterday Tina Turner his son.

Get Alex Jones gonna hear that so I'm just about finished. Okay, I'm sorry. No, it's okay. It's just I love the guy. I really do. I just don't support a lot of the shit that he said like the Sandy Hook stuff. I don't know if he since disavowed that. I don't know. If he changed his opinion on it. I don't know what it is. But at a certain point timing like Jesus man. Are you sure what you got to be really sure before you say something crazy like that?

Right.

Don't use I mean, don't you think? Look, I think he's a great guy. And as a person. I'm not attacking him.

I just when he goes crazy, gets mad at me.

I love I want to hug him. I love him. He told me the story about trucks pulling up in front of the house and they could see through

your walls,

they probably can't do that they do that in different neighborhoods. You know, I probably can do something like that. But then after five of those,

and this is my experience, I'll tell you something that you got to sit there and go what the fuck am I doing sitting here? But that's cool. That's Alex and we accept them for what the fuck he is. I just thought there was a civil war starting today. I really thought he was saying well, the Democrats are going at it today so somebody's shooting somebody so the fuck knows to just to calm Alex down nobody's telling me what to say. No one's telling me what to do. Not involved in New World Order. Who's the new world just because my enlighten me about the new I'm not sure. I'm not involved though. I just want Alex to know not involved. What else people you gonna want the night? Well, you get a new world order. Who's the dinner people? The people you say you eat with smart? Oh, they're just these are all podcasters and former professors and all these different people that are doing different things together. This gave me the lead though. Yeah. On the ropes, right. He was taking he went back with the CIA.

Adding the ropes show me talking about you know, the CIA.

What? Not?

only am I either cheap. It's you. It's it's Fourth of July.

Fireworks like walking CBS Radford, I think I think conspiracies are fun. And that's part of the problem with conspiracies. They're fun. They're fun to chase down. They really are. Their interest. I'll tell you what, fun to chase down to read about one and to absorb it by yourself. Once I get into a room with three men, and we're on a conspiracy for 48 minutes. That's when I get aggravated. Well, that's what I don't ever want to talk about. That's what the shit that kills me. I don't have the time to discuss whether the moon landings. We all have an idea what we think happened. Guess what? I really don't want to talk about not on the fucking Fourth of July. Yeah, no. The problem with them is, and this is a tendency is that when people get really into conspiracy theories, they're end to everything being a conspiracy. It's not like they're into conspiracy theories and also into the history of Cuba. They can give you a detailed history of some really crazy shit that went down, like how many people that are really into conspiracy theories. could give you a rundown on how Castro took over Cuba, which is like a real thing that happened in you know, our parents lifetimes, right? Think about that.

How many people that are really into like, you know, whether or not there's bases on the moon, know about, you know, all these different things that have happened through human history, the Mongols,

the Roman Empire, the Greek Empire, that was crazy shit, that definitely really happened. All the stuff that happened during the Vietnam War, all the stuff that happened during the Nixon administration, all that stuff's real. It's fascinating, fascinating shit to look into.

But then you get the dumb ones like, Oh, God, we really discussing whether or not the earth is flat. This is a real conversation. Like people really doing that.

Satellites aren't real. Go on social media. God, you'll find a bunch of people to do that agree with you, too. Gotta be so careful about not listening to scientists.

On Saturday on Sunday night, Sunday night on the 50 is a 60 minutes there was showing how they interviewed different people now, the one guy went to some crusade, Osama Osama Saddam Hussein.

He said to him, ask him to tell him that this guy said he's crazy. And he interpret looked at him

and asked him that. And there was both there was one particular interview that he was just talking about the interview. He was one of the best interviews he ever did was when he pushed the guy, the guy that was standing behind Kennedy in the car,

the agent

that should have taken the bullet for Kennedy. They interviewed that guy, that's a great you got to have that one that, that he was one step behind. I mean, he breaks down into tears. He's a real American, like, this is a guy that's a real American took that job. And then like it wasn't your fault. And he's like, You don't understand I was a second behind. If I would have been there just one second early, I would have caught it in my back and the President would have been alive. I mean, it's fucking crazy.

Jesus, he imagined being dedicated to protect a guy with your own life, and to really drink the serum and to believe it like like a fucking soldier. It deserves very special human beings that can do that. So a lot of human

and beings that have that kind of resolve

will throw their life in front of a bullet to protect someone else's that's intense

and is intense.

And you have to hear where the bullet is coming from what your response time has to be.

To be this is when you're a real high level. Bodyguard this is you are the highest of the highest you're hearing is impeccable. This means when you're walking down the street with this guy inside, you have to learn by yourself how to shut off nature and noises and listen to footsteps, weapons clicking holsters opening Think of how interesting just that alone is. That's why sometimes when you see him they're holding one ear because there's zero within anything particular a car's tires screeching differently think of that fucking job because that's what their job is

to react to that so if there's if Joe Rogan has eight guys when they train and I don't even know I've never trained in Quantico, but I just know that I guarantee the first two guys the first four guys are lead guys. They have a mission. One guy gets to the door if there's a shooting the other guy duck two guys duck for the President. There's got to be plans like they'd like formations and football shoes. What if the linebacker goes this way you run around me? This doesn't take the fucking genius to tan. There has to be formations to protect the president. Whoever it is you're protecting in that level. What I'm protecting Kevin Hart how many people are gonna try to assassinate Kevin Hart? When I'm protecting

a president how many people that are really try to shoot that President with weapons? I mean, let's go to the Ronald Reagan attempt. Let's go to these attempts. How fuckin fast this is. You have to be so high elite, Vietnam, another war and then you got to do a tour with something else where you were just like a spook you tiptoeing till people with toothpicks in show. This is my this is what I think you're training you. I don't think you're just born to be Rambo. I think they have to take you to the government. And they start with 100 Rambo's. They just keep training training training. You lose some along the way and after every 100 you get eight fucking savages that never had chance to get married. The government never gave me a chance to get married.

That good? Well, all these guys that I know that have been Navy SEALs, all of them are

any special forces guys? Just you those are different humans, you know, to just different people. But what's Jocko? Navy SEAL. Okay, so in that, yeah, and I'm just just a level that you have to be

you have to have more control of your mind. more control over your will more control over your discipline. You're you're in the most elite branch of the military. I mean, this is the elite of the elite. I mean, you make it insanely difficult to get in. So you just get the cream of the crops.

The people who are they just a mental fortitude is just unlike an average person.

If you meet a bunch of people like that, man, you realize like wow, people come in all kinds of different levels. There's people that just only surround themselves with other excellence.

And those dudes like those Jocko type dudes or Tim Kennedy type dudes, those that's like a different kind of human. Like, they don't make a lot of those. You just want to have only those.

Boy, you got to there's a lot that has to happen before you can become a person like that you have to you have to travel through many valleys of the mind and the body to get to be a person like that. A person of insane resolve in a time of war.

So very intense human beings. It's not even that time a war or these 12 Filipino kids in the fucking back caves down there. Look who went to get them to fucking seals, the seals, the SEAL team went down that because that would happen. Well, there's different various agencies, but there's also a SEAL team there.

Make makes sense, you know, the SEAL team that is elite as elite so what do you I don't even know that's how you probably become a fucking

A bodyguard to the president, you'd have to fucking start like as an attache, somewhere for a year or two with a suit on, just to adjust to human life and life without fucking air and bombs go off every 20 minutes and shit. Yeah, and then move up in that system until you get to that level the Secret Service. There's no way you're going to be sick. They put you into a Secret Service Training School, and you're there in 60 Fucking days. Let me tell you some. I got my daughter goes to science camp.

You know, whatever the fuck until pre K starts. And one of the kitchen goes on his dad's an FBI agent. So you know, my job is every day to sneak up on him.

Every day I sneak up on him and put a gun to his side. And I know what's going on and I pat him in the back and he giggles and shit and I tell my wife everything. He's the worst FBI agent I've ever seen in my life. Because I'm too lazy. I'm tiptoeing up to him. He didn't even hit me in bushes and unlike that, that's how good I am. Do you know why Doug? Because they admire him rad. I'm an academy today, Joe Rogan right out of college. That's why we have so many shootings. That's why we have so many accidents out there with police officers. They don't hire neighborhood kids anymore.

They hire college graduates to they've never had. What we had see when you were growing up, if all else failed. You've never been arrested in your life. You really could have been a cop. You're a nice guy. But you really could have been Joe the cop. You could have been Joe the cop and Quincy mass that drives around and shit like that. So anybody could be anybody can be a cause. But Joe the cop would have been different. If Joe the cop would have came in here and see me and Jamie argue, Joe, the cop wouldn't arrest me and Jamie Joe, the cop would say I want to meet you motherfuckers tomorrow at three, he would give us both boxing gloves. And we would box it out when we were 12 both go home and get ice cream the next day. Joe the cop wouldn't throw us both in jail. Joe the cop wouldn't throw us against the wall. And if we turned around, he'd shoot one of us in the fucking leg. He was part of the community Jody cop and Joe on the cop knew what it was like living in that community as a child. Do you understand me? So and I didn't know this? I've been thinking about a lot about this and I ran into somebody and I asked them and that cop? Why are we having the situation's we're having in this country? The one last week and fucking East Pittsburgh is just mind blowing that motherfuck that just now there's a lot of different angles for that they had just finished doing a shootout

but the kid took off this cop watch them said okay, God down drop down military style blast him three times. Shoot me in the leg bitch shoot me in the leg for running away. That's what Joe the cop would do. Yeah, but even shooting someone no way what it's got to be something that they did. That's really fucked up. Well listen, I believe

in the legs and take your fucking life. I hear you. I rather shoot you in the leg and take in life if it's an iffy call, but just show you so you know it's not safe to shoot someone in the leg. People die from getting shot shot in the foot and ankle. No okay, but I'm gonna sanction the risks. I don't want to give me the impression that

how many movies that we grew up at then the guy got shot in the shoulder he just went

I'm saying you live getting shot Miss shaver. It is they get pistol whipped and then when they wake up it's like nothing happened. They just start duking it out.

They got pistol whipped everybody was pistol weapon people remember that? They would just club them in the head with a pistol that was so crazy. That was like a thing

and then the people would wake up why? What happened? I didn't get pistol whipped with the but I got pistol whip with

the gun to the head. Nothing bled thank God but it fucking hurt. I don't know what the fuck type of gun it was like an automatic like like a nine millimeter type thing it wasn't like a revolver. I never got hit with the butt or what a weird feature of the human body if that you hit it in the right spots it goes out

we have like a plug. We have like a loose like some people's plugs a little looser than others. Some people's plugs like Mark Hunt and it takes forever to knock it loose.

Some people can just take it some people can it's fucking weird so weird characteristic you hit people in they go unconscious.

It's very strange.

It's very strange feature that we exploit. You know.

But in movies it was making like it's no big deal. It's a big fucking deal. It's a big deal. You should avoid having a W

two big deal to get knocked unconscious.

So when we first started hanging out when asked

alone. You took me to see that boxing coach. Well, at the time he had four Academy Award guys he was training was that Terry clay Bon Jovi. Claymont. Terry's amazing. He's a great guy. We walked in there we went upstairs. And I think

at the time when we walked up, Nicolas Cage is up there at the time was a piece on his shit. Like Johnny boombod stuff. And then Terry came over and gave you a hug. And we went downstairs and Terry grabbed Steve Simone later on, because Steve worked there at the time. This is 9798 as a gym. Oh, yeah. And he goes, boy, that guy's been wrong professionally as a comic, he should have been a boxy, it's like a meal. You know,

I never forgot that. him saying that. And all the stuff. He talked about brain damage, and whatever.

It took a lot for you to at that age to realize that this was fucking for real. This was this was dangerous. There was no money in it. There was no temptation, this head, this head shit is not this is real. It was real. But there was also I didn't have any temptation. Now what happened before? What happened before this, like, what happened to the guys that I saw playing Black football and black and white with leather helmets? Well, you know, leather helmets are safer, believe it or not, because you don't feel as confident when they had those leather helmets, they didn't crash into each other same way. There's a, there's a opinion, I don't know if I agree with because I don't know much about the sport. But there's an opinion that no pads, no helmets, football would be safer, because you wouldn't be able to do the same things that they're doing. Now you can't just run into people head to head, you just just destroy you. And you can only do it a few times, your body would just start breaking. But if you're putting helmets on and pads, it accentuates your ability to run into someone with all your force that's unnatural. And it creates an unnatural jarring of the body in the brain that the rugby guys don't yet. Think about rugby guys don't have all those pads. So when they're clashing into each other, they're learning how to roll with things are not just colliding into each other. They're not. There's a different game when you've got padding. So if you take away the padding, people have to be more careful and how they're engaged. They can't just charge in it smash into each other. They won't last How.

How is CTE in the game? It's a contact sport for sure. Right is banged up. It's a contact sport. Wild contact sport. Are there any no no? I don't know. Interesting to find that. I remember being a kid dog. I'm from Jersey. It's a real good question. Fucking jersey, right? Yeah, we know football. I didn't even know soccer back then.

Couple Spanish people played the dark side of the court. They played soccer on Sundays. They wouldn't even let nobody watch them a couple of Spanish guys. But besides that soccer was not big in my area. But when I moved to Aspen,

I would go to aspirin on Saturday. It's just a walk around, get a big and a sandwich. And I'd see rugby I had never saw that. I didn't know what the fuck it was right? And I was like, in good shape. And after about three times, I went one of the guys that didn't want to show up on a fucking Saturday and I looked at them like what are you crazy?

Like, I don't even know what the fuck you guys are doing? They have a big rug, rug Fest and aspirin every year. Pretty much every year. That's where I first saw rugby was in Colorado. I don't think I've ever seen it live. I've only seen on TV. Yeah, no, I've seen it live. And it's

you know, I saw three. I saw two things that blew me away live. And in Colorado, I saw rugby. And I saw when they did like a Tour de France star type race. But they did it slow Snowmass Village. And I knew exactly what it was the road up and how it would have to be a circle to go and you'd have to go back down to route 82. Right, you would just do circles around Snowmass and I still remember being on a hill, listening to them going up the hill.

And it just blew my fucking mind the way the tire was hitting the speeds like how fast they were going uphill. And then 20 years later, you realize that doing BPOS and fucking hanging out with Sheryl Crow's Oh, husband, shooting all that shit. Can you imagine when they were shooting in the 80s When I saw them? Jesus was shit stronger back then. I can only imagine. What's the drug that they shoot that their legs won't stop moving at night so they gotta get on the bicycle. Oh, EPO. It's not the delay. Yeah.

gets thick. Apparently I'm probably saying it wrong. But they have this feeling like they have to exercise. One of our buddies was a biker and you know, he was professional tour guide just like, you know, not like a super famous super successful

One but he was a professional bike rider. What would you call one of those cyclists, a professional cyclist? And he would tell us about it how guys, you'd hear them. He knew that they were on EPO, and then you would hear them when they were on a tour bus did get up in the middle of the night and go ride their bike. Like they felt like they had to exercise. So I guess if you're on a lot of it, I don't know, I have never done it. It seems like it would be awesome, though. If you can take some drug that like super juiced up your endurance, that sounds awesome. But apparently, it's just not very safe. And they were saying that a lot of executives take it now. Like there's there's people that are executives that are just entering endurance races and they're taking EPO and entering into these endurance races that like regular people with regular jobs just decided to take it. There was some article about that. See if you could find it.

It was like CEOs

entering into endurance races taking EPO but it's a few fighters have been caught with it. And apparently just really juicy.

Yummy. You go 16 rounds instead of fucking Yeah, type shit. Yeah, I had a friend that used to shoot neat steroids and never do a pushup.

Jesus Christ he was whacked that's crazy. I go don't What are you gonna go to the gym next week?

Let's say I'll never forget him. Seeing him eat like half a bottle when he V. The pink football like the pink ones in the 80s he would just put them in his hand like pick tacks, would it be oh my god, Jim tomorrow I did some push ups today. Just my biceps. That's all I need a few biceps.

lats a tally Italians

crazy group of humans that came up always want you to do the impersonation from you when Italian people in Jersey found that that Marlon Brando is gay

I can't fucking believe it. 20 years he was the godfather. And no no, no. He couldn't blow a regular dude. No, God forbid he blows a black dude really stabbed me right here in the fucking line. I couldn't even take him no more added to the DVD collection away. And fuck that. I would love to hear one of those guys what they said when they found that that that week, didn't they say that he fucked everybody. Men and women. Well, yeah, he bagged everybody fucked everybody. And then it came out he was banging the guy with the big dick and cube. That's right Superman.

Poor Italian people that would Godfather fans. They will lighten those fucking DVDs on fire fuck Marlon Brando por por homophobes.

I like him more now. I like Marlon Brando. Marlon Brando Yeah, I don't give a fuck. I don't listen

to me Richard prior to thinking about Richard Pryor getting so coked up that he lit Marlon Brando fucker was one of the things I was like. Unless he that's prejudice with me. I should just assume he enjoyed it. And assume he enjoyed having sex Marlon Brando Why should I give a shit?

Remember one thing

because you're gonna die when I tell you this, oh, Marlon Brando told the studio and to give them like 100 grand to read Superman.

Like you know when people call you up, Joe Hi, Joe. This is Cynthia from your agent, right? We're sending you a script or veto proof to read

me on your grant. Give me 100 grand I'll read it because he went to the island he went deep and he believed his ego you gotta remember that was an all time record for a long time when he got for Superman. He banged him out

he took them to the cleaners timesheet and

he fucked them up to the as bad like big that what they pay them in 1970 Whatever for Superman remember, he fucked them big time I'm I think it's Mutiny on the Bounty and one of those movies they kept saying that oh, we have a beautiful spot for you right here in Marina Del Rey. If we do this we got to do this on this island I found he had gone down and found love he's like there's a bunch of running around there's a bunch of women running around with leaves on you know damage.

He made the studio shoot down and then and then went down it wants to go to fucking whatever island they shot that out. And so that's where he lived right? So he went down and he got down and he's like Jamie, what's your job pa no more you the director Rogan yeah this and everybody was shooting and they were shooting his feet.

They were shooting like him run like the shore. And meanwhile he's just banging fucking Hawaiian women at the time. Just having orgies. Bagging kids, all those kids that shot themselves all those

He had pneumonia oh my god all those poor kids that fucking God rest their souls that all those problems yet he was down there like fucking just Matador and whatever Paramount whatever that network was showed up down and so let's see the dailies and said What the fuck is this you're done they brought somebody else in Marlin ended up saying fuck it i By the end of it he bought the island didn't need like this is just crazy shit I heard over the years and they just lived on the island and then if they wanted to have a quality Island and they had like levels or you want me to read the script that's gonna cost at all you want me to come to the studio? That's 300,000 He had levels of fucking than they would give it to him they will. And then they didn't want him for the godfather. They were like nah, there's no way we want that fucking guy. Wow. And then finally he put the tape in his mouth and all that shit and they approve them and he did a bro that movie is like a porn.

The one he did that Last Tango in Paris is it that's like a light porn and then the chick came out years later said that motherfucker Stone Cold raped me.

Yeah, he was the king of me too. He invented me to that motherfucker dog. Wow. Yeah, she came out years later and said something about that. He she didn't know what Marlon Brando went in there and choked her out like McQueen and fucking.

And the getaway. She thought she was just getting pushed. You had the McQueen and who was it with?

McGraw that was hard to watch, dude. Cuz you could tell that was real. There's no way that wasn't real. Like he was really hitting her. Yeah, no, no, no, he was a method.

That is harsh. He's crazy. Crazy. scene was so real because of it. Man. It's awful to watch. But

but it's real, right? It's an awful scene. It's real. Fuck, man, that you imagined being her. And all sudden, the dude just starts smacking you in the head for real? And you don't know what to do. And you don't want to bail out of the scene. You're getting fucked up, though. He's fucking you up and she didn't stop. She just kept saying the lines and working with it. Fuck, dude. Jesus Christ. What do you say to somebody after that? Like, Hey, man, I'm sorry. But that's what the same call for.

You can't see now.

Peep. It sounds fucked up to say. But I think even just that recent a time. People did not understand that. If you're smacking people in the head like that. You're giving them fucking brain damage. Like you smack someone in the head like that. Like, you could seriously fuck them up. Like something could be wrong with them for a long time. Even if they don't go unconscious. Your mother was Maggie. No, no, my mom wasn't a hitter. Really? No, she wasn't a

very few people.

An uncle? No.

Very few people. Let's say maybe my grandmother cracked me once. But it was you know, just like get your shit together. Not like trying to hurt me. You know, so little smack. I didn't get beat as a kid. But I saw a lot of violence. I saw the scene violence when you're a kid. There's something about like seeing someone you're close to who's an adult been beating up like a 10 or 11 year old. You ever see that before?

When you see

you've seen a grown adult beaten the shit out of 10 or 11 year old when you're a little kid? Yes. That to me was that was like a defining moment when I was a little kid as a parent.

Or I only saw parents beat their children. Yeah, I saw someone beat somebody else's kid.

It was fucked up to watch man. When I lived on 205 West Eighth Street. We can't when I came from Cuba with a jersey for my dad died. We moved 89th Street. Then something happened at the building. We ended up moving at Eighth Street and I had a kid I had a beef with every day. And one day, I finally got my shit together in karate.

Like one day, my sidekick started working and that fucking right cross started working to learn how to use my fucking block and I finally had this kid his name was Rudy the Haitian he was the only Asian kid in the neighborhood. We lived on 88th Street. I fought them up this day and his father came down and held my arms

and he made Rudy punch me and I'll never forget that my lip was bleeding and he took me upstairs and he knocked on my mother's door.

My mother opened up the door and a half a fucking hangover and she goes, What's the problem? She goes chocolate cocoa, you know? And he goes, next time your son hits my son, I'm gonna hit him and I'm gonna come and hit you.

Wow. And my mom turned around and got a butcher knife and chased Rudy's foul up the stairs. The cops came, and the lady next door said she didn't see a knife.

But at that point, we were done in the building. That was one of the worst there when I moved to North Bergen.

I saw parents that

you don't like living here comedian go even why kids you wouldn't ask how they talk to their parents. I could never talk to him you know, right. That's the first thing I noticed. When I went to Jersey there was there was certain kids that would take the dish and go I don't want tuna fish sandwich. If I did that my house Joe Rogan Are you fucking kidding me? My mom would take the dish. Throw it against the wall and say now you're not fucking eat and go to bed like that type of shit. But I also saw a fucking parrot in the hallway one day that was standing the way you are with his arms crossed.

Talking to the teacher the way I'm talking to you and a kid standing right here with glasses.

And I'm walking towards him like you know, I went to the bathroom and like a hall pass.

And I'm talking talking talking and in the middle of it the father just going back and hitting them with a backhand kick goes down. Glasses broken bloods coming out of the nose. Oh, he's telling them to get the fuck up before I fucking kill you. You dumb mother. Fuck. Oh, you said that to him. You dumb fuck. I have seen that. Oh, that kid was the devil though. I knew that kid. Well, the reason why they can't get kills the devil probably because his dad beat him. Then there was another kid when I went to Catholic school. Guido father, gins out the whole fucking thing, bro.

He would come they're the nicest guy in the world. But the son was fucking crazy. And every time he got there, the nun would tell by what he did. And dog he would punch him.

The way

old guy was thrown punches and fucking steep a I sweat at my mother's grave right as he was crawling into the car. Like round pounded him 12 Jesus.

I got thrown out of that level of tech. So now are you looking at me saying Joey did they deserve it or whatever. Everybody. Every parent had a different. You know, I watched a couple of weeks ago I was stoned to the gills. And I was laughing about how people put people down and shit. And I was laughing about when Julius Erving first when the ABA shut down when the ABA first shut down if they were I don't know, Joe, but if there was eight categories, Julius Erving Irving's lead seven, right? And the ABA shut down and the Sixers picked up Julius Erving they gave him $6 million. Which can you imagine that? What would they give that guy? Yeah, but they get LeBron. LeBron has gotten about 30 or 40. But yeah, we Yeah, he got $6 million over two years is that was Julius and he was the biggest player in the world. And now this guy's getting 154 For three ism. Jesus. So Dr. Jay switches number from 32 to six. And now the NBA All Star game came so all the critics were like

he came on from the ABA. He's gonna get his ass kicked from the NBA. All Star game. What go look at those statistics. He went off. He went off because of a white dude named Pistol Pete Maravich. That is fine. He went to LSU and led the country in scoring a white dude ended up becoming a fucking Bouza that dude knew how to handle the ball because his father would beat him. His father would make him sleep in the garage in the winter and beat him until he learned how to play basketball because there was no losing in his fucking house. Do you understand me Joe Rogan There's no fucking losers. My fucking house, sleeping the garage, no data.

Pistol Pete knew how to dribble Jack. The Pistol Pete would take a deep pistol Pekinese. Anybody could cover the best black dude in the league and cover Pistol Pete But if you watch that NBA All Star game, Pistol Pete stop and chop and people give them behind the back passes to Julius Erving. He even looks at a do a one pass. He's looking at Bob McAdoo, I'm coming and honestly he just puts the ball between his legs. And he gives it to Julius Erving. Why? Because that kid's father stayed on.

There's different thoughts of some people can handle that some people yeah

So like some some guys have broken, but I mean, it's like how much pressure is too much pressure to create like a superstar like that? I didn't Tiger Woods didn't his dad put a lot of pressure on him as well. Let's talk about the guy that died last week. But that's a different thing I can tell well the tiger was Joe Jackson. What the fuck is different about that? He created three fucking kids that changed the font the one kid that changed the fucking world right? He beat me fuck them in the air suppose.

I don't only that sexual assault. gotta be really careful with the same things. I'm sorry. Listen This to me two things. Things come out. What are you gonna do? Everybody's getting the blame for something you know, I'm saying but this is something you really heard. I have I've heard sexual abuse allegations from his father but but I listen to what listen to what did He create? What did he do? What did Joe Jackson do by making them not let them fucking? And let me tell you something the one kid could have gone to a college to play basketball. The kids had talent as it was Gary Indiana. They were gonna carry in the No, it's like hell

fuck in Delaware. And then Gary, Indiana.

You know, saying like Gary's like, crazy. He made these kids rehearse. He pulled them out of Gary took them up to fucking Barry Gordy.

You know, you think about this shit. Some of them probably hated him for what he did. You look back at those lessons that you got your rope and how many people? Did you look at one day and go fuck you motherfucker. But then two years later, you look back and you look at the lesson you learned from the whole experience. And you actually have to go back and hug that person and go hey, man, thank you for that time. It made me better motherfucker today because we did.

made me a better person.

We're not going to agree with everything that happens along the way.

But it's made us who the fuck we are today. That's an interesting thing. Because we grew up in a time where kids were just allowed to run around outside. Everybody ran around outside. That was just normal. Right? When you were a little kid, you ran around outside. Nobody just runs around outside. I remember the first time I saw a grown lady hit. She hit my cousin. We were both around the same age. I was probably six and she was five. And this lady slipped on ice in front of her apartment building. And she got up. And my cousin just unfortunately happened to be standing right in front of her when she fell. And she got up and she said Don't you laugh at me and she smacked her in the face. She wasn't laughing matter either. Just she smashed her in the face man like it was She smacked her hard. And I was like, Oh my god. Was that. I mean, we were both little little kids. And watching some grown adults smash our cousin in the face. He like,

gotta realize that. Hey, you can you know you gotta be polite. There's some fucking people that will smack you in the face. And she didn't even do anything wrong.

There's some evil fuckers out there that will hit little kids.

That's a dark shit man.

Smacking little kids in the face. I ran. I swear to God I ran into probably when I first moved from Cuba to ADA street. There was a dude on the block that would smack little kids. And I'm telling you right now to my little daughter. There was words on the street that he would take him to his house will fucking Yes. Oh my goodness. This is

early 70s.

This was the early 70s which I turned into a joke later on. Because it would be like bro, have you seen Joe Rogan lately? I haven't seen them in a week. Sticky Charley go like, what decade Charles's name Mr. Martini Mr. Martinez the Martini guy.

Like when you first moved to ADA street. That's the first thing a kid to tell you. Like I was fighting this guy. Don't fuck him. Mr. Martini. Oh, Jesus. He's a monster and he wore a black suit with a white shirt and black shoes. His wife would die. And he owned the building on ADA Street in the middle.

And he was angry. And he would sweep and you know like when you were a kid and you stop in front of somebody's house. He would always come out and go get the fuck out of here. Little fucking douchebags. Get the fine. I was Cuban. I didn't understand the language. I didn't really understand what he was saying. I understood the anger. But I didn't understand the language and he would come up with a broom. Get the fuck out of here. One day I realized I might this motherfucker wants to rock. So while my other friends didn't want to fuck him, I'm like, we're gonna fuck with this motherfucker. So all Cubans have like one from the house. And it's something that your mother throws changing every day. Yeah, it's like good luck statue.

I would steal the change and bring it downstairs and I would look at the poor kids and I go come in if you want to call it and then we go yeah, we're going to call it and I would take a call and throw it. When Mr. Martini lived. He lived like in a basement area. He ran the whole but he'd be right there. And he chased us. We'd go Mr. Martini sir, my weenie fucking chases.

He chases

he caught you. He would fucking hit you like 50 times. But we fucked him up. We would fuck him up. Dawg. I saw some shit. The first day like New Jersey to me, was a completely that was like Mars to most people. Like most people listen to me and go you grew up someplace that doesn't exist. I bring eight people to fill these chairs to tell you about the parents and the people and the situations. But the first day I went out and my hometown of North Bergen. I saw me and Joe Rogan fight.

And even though I had Joe Rogan on his back, I saw Joe Rogan's father come down the stairs. Pull me off Joe Rogan smacked me. Punch me kick me throw me on the floor and make his kids going. That was my first experience ever North Bergen New Jersey. I saw a minute Mr. Robson come downstairs, he took Anthony off his son drop them off. smack them in the fucking face Joe Rogan at 20 After fucking noon in 90 degree he punched him in the stomach and told him to go home he little guinea fuck.

Go home. You little guinea fuck. Say that now they'll throw you in jail for two years. He don't go home. You little guinea fuck. And Anthony looked at him crying a little bit. He picked up his shirt. He went like this. Like he took the thing off. I think it was I'm calling my fucking father. You're fucking dead motherfucker. Call your fucking Guinea fucking greaseball Father God, I day. He's probably a grease ball just like you. And I'm sitting there going. I want to see how this plays out.

And next thing you know, two cop cars pull up. And it's one cop car that's unmarked and it's another one that's marked. And it's a big fucking Italian looking detective like, you know the short stumpy Italian. And he comes out of his car. He puts his fucking jacket on it barely fits. But till this day, I remember the models he had on his hand. And he goes What the fuck is going on here kids and that little tiny kid comes on. It was Miss difficut Mr. Rapson came down and he fucking smacked me in the face. These are my witnesses. Tell them then he fucking hit me and I'm sitting there going on this is gonna get fucking good.

And the next you know, the, the fucking cop. The detective tells the cop. Go look around, see if there's tickets, go spread tickets.

And he goes, where's this guy live? And he goes down. He goes, he grabbed all the other kids and he goes, tell me what happened. And he goes Anthony and Mo fighting. And he came down and he fucking pulled them and that this time they know that the cops are there. And Mr. Robson, I kind of opened his door to be kind of tough. Like he's not coming up here. He's gonna know I'm gonna fucking knock him up to and the cop goes Okay, okay, okay, and he grabbed the kid because you're okay, right? Yeah. Because he just hit me in the face and he fucking walked up the stairs bro. took him five minutes. Got to the top thing.

I open the fucking door. Joe Rogan this guy will put his hand then

pulled the

fuck and put him against the fucking thing on the second floor with everybody out and just started punching him. punching him punching him like fucking

John Jones when he's got you down. He's hitting with those shots to the head until the guy killed over the start kicking them with the fucking thing. Bam. Bam, bam. Go Don't you ever fucking hit my son again? Let's get out of here. Oh, that was how I became friends with the family. Because it was he came down he goes who's this kid? He goes he's this big kid. He's the only one that jumped in. He goes you want to come home for dinner? And that was the beginning of my life when I got that police car

because I did whatever I did whatever the fuck I want look at this till today. This is fucking crazy. And you know mean you don't fuck around? What do you got over there? This is still that's what happened in 1970 Fucking three and what's that today? That's a gold card. What does this card do? It does what it needed to do it does whatever I needed to do you know I'm saying you're a family member. Why? Because of that fucking date because I'm the only guy that jumped in.

I like how cops up things like that. A family member card you could get from one of your buddies is a cop show to get pulled over put this on your license plate. This little sneaky little thing so now what type of house I mean fucking pasta with

fresh mozzarella in the middle. Oh, I could open up the front door whenever I want. I call them my mom. She makes cream puffs. Oh wow, I'm tight with them. I'm the only Cuban in 1974 That's even walking in there.

So now we're in the sixth grade. And we're playing kickball. McKinley had no phone number two months ago. Ellen DeGeneres donated 50,000 to a grammar school was my grammar school in North Bergen New Jersey. But two months ago, yeah, I went to generous donated 50,000 Now when I went to that grammar school, I was my fuckers didn't have a gym Joe Rogan. You shovel snow they're going to be

shoveled snow shovel snow, when it's snowing out. You shovel snow. That was part of your physical education. Yeah, and you did push ups and sit ups and fucking that's like Russian ship bro. And they had

in the kitchen we didn't pull out Duggar. They were brutal. Finally, they built the gym in the eighth grade. Yeah, but before that, we played kickball outside in the fall when they will keep playing kickball never forget this guy's name was Mr. Tortora.

That was the teacher's name was he a good guy was a good physical gym teacher. And we're out there we're playing kickball on again, that little Italian kid. The one that invited me to his father beat up the fact that we're playing kickball and he's throwing the ball. And every time I swing and I miss, he's called me Go Go got him local. That means I'm a boogie face in Spanish, because it rhymes a CoCo right? And the teacher keeps going today. I told you 1000 times. None of that spec sheets allow.

This is the sixth grade. North Bergen New Jersey school teacher.

Mr. tutor was like, Hey, let's pick a roof shit over here. Right? This is America right? Really abroad. At that time. That was a big issue. Because a couple of weeks before that. A guy named totora was a baseball coach. And he threw a kid off speaking Spanish on the bus. He told me there's no Spanish on the bus and the kid goes fuck you. And he spoke Spanish and he drew him off like 20 miles from the house became a big problem in my hometown. That will kill the fucking dude. But I remember going home my mom going. He's talking the truth.

And now she speaks Spanish. This is America outside you speak America.

So my mom would cut me off right now. Like I went home like ready to fucking be like a protester. She was like that don't happen here. We're Americans. He wants to expand his talking house. I think there's a real benefit to being able to speak more than one language definitely is. Yeah, complete different mindset. I'm happy I do it. I speak to my daughter in Spanish. If I tell my ask mercy, something, I really ask her in Spanish. If

I read read tolerant spirit Nice. Yeah, they say that, things like that. They're learning new languages, in particular opens up parts of your brain. That if you're just a dummy, like me, that only speaks English. You can access different,

just different ways of looking at things. You know, well, it's very analytical. Let's say you wanted to be a lawyer, one of your pre whatever would be a language, right? You'd also have heavy math.

To be a lawyer. You have to have a very heavy math prereq Elam. Yeah, a lot of history. You probably ended up being a history major. But there'd be a lot of math while the Econ Why don't the analytics because it forces your mind to solve equations. So when if you look at the prerequisites, if you whatever the fuck that is, what's the prerequisite prerequisites to be an attorney. There's a lot of math involved. Interesting. There's got to be language involved. There's got to be politics involved like American political systems, American history systems, all that shit. But it's got to be heavy math. Once you get to law school it's heavy reading and but before that, it's a lot of problem solving. Yeah, that's the that's how you become a problem solver by fucking

whatever. Yeah, I agree with you. Whatever you just said

before I got locked up I was planning to be an attorney. So I was really a history major. Yeah, that's that that was the fucking plan. And then thank God, history podcasts. I love that the best I was thinking of going back to school No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's no reason just listen and refresh and then go on and read about it. While you're on tape to that you listen to the great but Hardcore History and of course graver listen to my boy Danieli Bolelli. hammerheart, Daniele Bolelli history on fire. His shit is fantastic.

He was telling me about this road to Rome. I've never forgot this image, where there was a

I think something like 150 miles of bodies

that were put on steaks. He sent it to me he just sent it to me a couple of days ago 150 miles of human bodies that they stuck

on these big poles and shoved them into the ground.

For my like every 30 yards they put a new person's body here it is 125 miles with one body crucified every 30 yards or so for a total of about 6000 people crucified on the road between KAPOOYA and Rome.

What the fuck no what what was the purpose? I would have to go back and listen to it again. I forgot so that's the Shadowman here ooh, that's it's intense. I want to start with I want to start from zero I'm gonna start with the Mongolians and this cause and wrath of the Khan Dan Carlin greatest podcast

world ever and then I want to move on to American history. Oh, he's kind of done. Oh one I need American history 101 Day one we're going back to roots

let's go from roots let's go to 1776 What happened there I need all that refreshed yeah all that stuff needs to be refreshed. Do Carlin guy has got some false stuff on World War One that's covered both wars. Let's cover both wars. Let's cover the third war Vietnam. And let's cover the fucking whatever the conflict all that shit. I was doing comics so who watches the news? I don't know who the fuck was watching the news in 1991 Not me. I didn't watch TV again to you know 2003 Or something like that. I didn't watch the fucking news and have a chance to be inclined politically or what the fuck was going on? I was just worried about doing stand up right

this silence brought to you by marijuana. I didn't know no I didn't know I thought he was looking for someone whatever. I'm ready to fucking go you know me. No, you are we got a great fucking card this week. We can fucking break down all your broken down with Brendan. I gotta tell you, man, I like I'm leaning and I love Dan cornmeal. He's a fucking champion and champions. He took a fucking couple bombs from Anthony Johnson bombs from Anthony Johnson. But Jesus Christ every time they put an obstacle in front of steep bear his way. He figures out a way to take it down. Yeah, he's hell bent on staying champion. He's a giant dude. Like Steve Vai is a big guy. And I know that Daniel has beaten every single heavyweight. He's fought he's undefeated as a heavyweight and including like throwing Josh Barnett around who's just a beast. But Steve Baeza is the most accomplished heavyweight champion of all time. That's just the fact he's he defended his title against the top contenders and did it successfully three times. Nobody else been able to do that. Okay. Holloway, Jesus Christ. Well, it's both fights with Jesus.

Day DC fight is a fascinating fascinating fight this season with phenomenal wrestler, and steep A is. I mean, he's as good as it gets. On the show Friday night. Yeah, we're doing me and Ian are doing the Mirage. Okay, beautiful. Yeah. Should be fun. Nice. Yeah, you ready for it? Yeah, man. I'm excited. I'm excited for this card. It should be should be very interesting. What's going on with you in the running lately? You're really digging it? Yeah, I'm digging it. But I have a little bit of a tear in my meniscus. Are you thinking of if you fix the meniscus, I'm doing something with running. Like running. What you buddy? Does those marathons? Oh, no. Have you considered something like that? I'm really, man. I'm not I don't, I'm not into doing something that I know is hard to do. And it's definitely not good for your body.

I just think you get beat up doing that shit, Tom, I'll just take your friend I mean, as good as a different kind of human. Well, he believes that in some way. Take them to recover from something like that. Well, that's an interesting thing. You just good, good time for that question. Because he just ran a race today. He ran like a six mile race. And he was saying that his legs are not fully recovered. Who said in the post that, you know, his cardio was really good. But you got to figure you run for 24 hours. I mean, he ran for 24 hours just a month ago, right? Was it a month ago? Not even a month ago, three weeks ago? Something like that.

That shit takes time. And he's 50 You know, when you're 50 years old? It's not as

the recovery is very tough. Yeah, he's an animal, but he lives to push himself like that. I'm more inclined to try to preserve my body. I like pushing myself but I'm just a chicken shit. I don't want to be I don't want to be breaking hair.

hips and knees and shit. Our brother just had shoulder surgery, Eddie Bravo. And he just got the stitches out. This is his second surgery that he's had just this year. You know, he had, he had knee surgery real recently, like, a few months ago, right? Didn't have his meniscus done a few months ago, this generation of jujitsu guys is learning a lot. And they're learning. What they're going to pass on to the next generation is that it's great to roll in the leg locks are great. And all that is great. But there's another aspect to this decision was called Yoga and keeping your muscles strong. Yeah. And the conditioning has to be good. And you're, you know, it's all

yeah, there's just take care of yourself. These guys didn't know you didn't know. No, no. Well, it took them a while to learn. But yeah, the reality of jujitsu is it's a thing that as you get older, you have to be much more careful who you train with, and how you train. You can't just go balls to the wall, like you could when you were 27, you'd have to keep your shit together. And you know, injuries are real, you can't just work through them. Like that was a big fallacy people would get hurt and they would try to roll light and nobody ever rolls light. Then we say they're gonna roll light and then the guy almost gets you in the you're trying to get him next thing you know, you're defending and it's a fucking serious heated up roll session, which is great. But then you're like, ah, like your next all fucked up and your next guy, I'm just gonna lay on my back and work my half guard. Bullshit. As soon as it starts getting hot and heavy almost got caught in an armbar then you try to pop up and then try to pass his guard. Then you get into it. You know, it's a it's a thing that's too exciting. You know, in jujitsu. And when I say like, rolling hard. I don't mean like

not even very high level. No, no, no. Listen, me passing your guard and laying on you. That's not a fun that's a tough morning. Even though I'm giving you love on top, Joe, can you breathe? Yeah, yeah, I'm good. Joe. I'm letting you just not like to get

I'll give you tons of love. What I love it. Yeah. addicted to it. It's trying to I am. You know, I had to attack it from a different foundation. I was attacking it from looking at Jamie and going. I got to do with Jamie does and not realizing I got Jamie by 25 years and I can't do what Jamie does. So my game has to be completely different to Jamie's Mondays when I come into class. It's more about

the drilling and less about the rolling. And I'll do an hour conditioning class with Brett. We do everything we do the ball, the things, the ropes, I do everything. And I'll do that jujitsu class, but I'll do the drills on a roll once or twice and Papa's got to go Thursday. I go balls to the wall on the rolling which means three or four rolls. That's awesome. Then I tried to take Friday off and sat out didn't we time conditioning I'm done for the week. Joey Diaz getting fit? You got to do it. I got this five year old number two I've watched I watched your thing and I really do it I go to fucking cryotherapy and I put my head in there. I go to US cryotherapy I'm a novice door guy to that bed is making me feel fucking phenomenal. What is it? I'm getting tremendous hot on what is it the Nova thought but the bed that you lay on and cleans out your cells is shit like that was a do it does everything look it up. You understand me? Plus I get in that freezer. For three minutes and 30 seconds I put Madonna on burnin. I feel love. I went to gay pride. I forgot all about the gate the first thing thinner, fitter, healthier, happier. What is it tremendous just as the Dude they're gonna talk it's in the getting into a pod. And next thing you know, you're gonna be locked into the into the matrix what so what is this treatment? No negative side effects. Clients who supply supplied with safety goggles, and then relax into Novo Thor treatment prod for eight to 15 minutes of whole body restored of light treatment. The treatment

may be repeated two or more times a week.

What is it doing? Satsang? What? What like what is to get the fucking look into

will

tell me why I should get in your light box. It's a whole body delivery system of PBM therapy that has been designed to deliver optimal wavelengths power. What does that word densities and dosage is based on the published clinical research outcomes. Hmm, I can't read for me it works the whole body just six to 15 minutes the intended use of Nova Thor or to redevelop muscles or restore motion to joints or for use as an adjunct adjunct therapy for obesity. Hmm, that seems like it does a lot of shit. I don't know. Is that real? I'm trying to hang on. Is that real? Jamie? Do I look okay, you look good. All right. Good.

suck suck a Ufa. You're moving good. Like you're losing weight. Yeah, but you have to do something. Yeah. All that training you're doing if you're doing that much train, that's crazy. That's really awesome. I really love it. That's beautiful. I tried to do one strength training at the house on its style with club bow. If you want to come here, man, well, I'll work you out. We'll work out together shoes. I was thinking about calling you and coming to you give me a kickboxing lesson for sure. And you know what else we could do? We could do like a circuit circuitry, because I have that Echo airbike Echo bike, I've never done that's phenomenal. So we could do rose, the echo bike and I got a Versa climber and I like to do them in a do those Tabata sequences. So it's like you, you go hard for 20 seconds, and then you rest for 10 seconds, and then you go hard for 20 seconds, and the rest are tight. And you do like eight rounds of those. It's fucking intense. And then you jump on over to the row machine, the row machines. There's another one, the similar number, it's like 3030, hard 30 off something like that. And then you go to the Versaclimber. And you plug in some turn 50 Yeah, yeah. You know, I'm almost 50 want to be 51 in August in August. It's it's really interesting what I've learned. And when I read about 50, I saw a picture Carol O'Connor.

By the year ago when he was 46 years old, he was doing Archie.

What is

Jesus 46? Well go to that picture, Archie by now was stopped or when he started. It was a picture of him at 46. And I was like, there has to be a better way. Let me see. I saw Holy shit. You know, this is what America that is crazy. What did you look like at 46 and 47. And you were like, look at that dude. He looked like well, maybe that was like in the later years.

This is a funny thing, right? The lovable racist.

He was like the last of like, a representative a real guy that might have had racist views that were kind of funny. And he was a some way endearing. Because he was like, such a good actor. And it was such a good character is so well written. And his relationship with his wife and his kids and with meathead.

I mean, the whole thing was, it was a brilliant show. Well, it's such a well crafted show. Sammy Davis kissed him on the lips.

When fucking found the Puerto Ricans do wallet.

Puerto Rican guy comes over there talking. And he looks at his wife from Puerto Rico. He goes Alice, don't just stand on from something. And she goes, I don't know what he likes. And he goes, I don't know what Puerto Ricans drink. And he looks at him the guy smile and I'm like, he looks on like, Puerto Ricans drinking. I don't know. How about some pineapple juice. You know, saying the guy looks at you get thrown off the air today. Yeah, but it was. It wasn't hateful racism. It was

Queens racism? Well, first of all, pineapple juice is delicious. And why is it racist? That a dude from an island would want some pineapple juice? I would think that would you be like culturally sensitive to like, introduce that possibility?

That you're you have a tradition of drinking.

If I said to you listen, I'm leaving him going to China to have like a fireworks. If somebody heard me said to you right now, tomorrow, we'd get fucking Yeah, we would have a problem. I would have a problem. Yeah, well, everybody knows that. 20 years ago right now I'd be heading to Chinatown in New York City getting fucking amount of fireworks 144 bottle rockets. A couple Roman candles. You know what's the most stupid man is that the food is somehow racist.

Like there's there's food. That's racist food. Like if you talked about black people and also talked about delicious fried chicken, or delicious orange soda or grape soda would be grape soda, right? Not orange soda, or sodas. White people? Yeah, orange soda is a white people thing, right? White trash, orange soda. No.

Not that I'm anti orange soda. But I'm saying like those foods like watermelon. In particular, if you talk about a black person in talking about watermelon, that's a racist term, even though watermelons delicious. It's fucking weird. Like, what the hell could be wrong about watermelon? If you don't like the taste of watermelon, if it's a hot summer day, and somebody busts open a cooler and gives you a slice of watermelon. How fucking pumped Are you? How could watermelon ever be negative? That don't make any sense to me? It makes zero sense. And the only way it makes sense that fried chicken can be negative to you is if you're a vegan or a vegetarian and you don't want to eat a chicken. That's the only way it makes sense that that would be a negative because

is otherwise like fried chicken. It's fucking delicious. Who doesn't like fried chicken? If you eat meat? Fried Chicken is something you smell it you all someone's really good at making it and they got a nice flaky layer on the outside you bite into that juicy perfectly cooked chicken leaves fried chicken and Tennessee Jesus Joseph.

Marlon, Tennessee, a little Lee's fried chicken Jesus Christ. There's places that know how to do some fries. My God, how could that be bad? How could that ever be racist? i That doesn't make any sense.

We gotta let that go. I'm gonna tell you a racist joke but not really like Saturday I went to a park with my daughter. I'm sitting there and I saw a Hasidic Jew on Sunday with the beanie and his wife with glasses. I was in Sherman Oaks and he had a $10 bill sticking out of his pocket.

And I wanted to work my fucking pickpocketing skills. I want to see if I can still pickpocket a motherfucker. I even have my daughter bumping into his leg. We can pick pocket a Jew dog you can't do it.

You know when I was a kid, that was my first fucking dream. to pickpocket and watch the movie with our boy that and Michael Saracen the the first pickpocket movie is called Harry in your pocket with a boy in your Flint. In like Flint, James Coburn James Coburn was in a pickpocket

nobody knows about it's like the America's greatest secret and they would work airports and shit like that Harry Potter pocket so I hunted down. My mom I used to hear them talking about this Cuban pickpocket guy and Cuban the 50s. Oh, yeah, tremendous. What didn't you do with him? You did something with him, right? Yeah, I did two things with him. I did American gun with him. And I did. Arliss with him. All this is up. You can find this online. Somebody just posted a while ago I forgot about Arliss that's one of those shows that I forgot about. But I watched him and I asked this guy out he become a pickpocket. I bumped into him at a Cuban joint. There was a rumor going around that he was a good cube of pickpocketing cube and he goes you gotta get a dummy and put bells on the pockets.

So I went and I don't know how I got a little dummy. They put bells on fucking me as I tried to be a pickpocket, but I have bigger hands.

Yeah, you gotta have those slender fingers out of slender fingers slender. I'll play our finger little pals on fucking pockets and you bump into him and I'm very Lightfoot that I am I was a good burger. Because I can tip toe. I'm saying like that's from my ears a tip tone on the dummy to try to take the wallet from the dummy. I can just never fucking dummy. It's great that you're doing so many different things though. It's really cool to hear your roll in you're doing some boy tie and the rolling has really improved because at first you can't roll I dropped a weight because I figured very five pounds it'd be a little bit more cardio plus I got the boss Rutan mouthpiece. I spoke to him yesterday. Again. He liked that thing. Hmm. I really believe in it.

While you're working out or I will use it when I walk you walk in when I walk I take a walk in the morning. 2030 minutes explain to people what it is the boss Rutan mouthpieces on Amazon. That's his webpage. I saw it because he was on Joe. Talking about it. I was having such a struggle with my breathing. I was having such a struggle. But it was just common sense. Number one I smoked cigarettes for 20 years number two I smoked reefer for 40 years but all those are just excuses. The number one thing was the weight.

Every fucking I then said is some smart guys that handsome bastard look. Yeah, he's such a handsome mother fuck handsome. He's a great guy, too. He's one of the best people I know. Some guys say to me, the great guy. A great brown belt told me that whenever he rolls, he could feel the difference when he's 10 pounds heavy. Oh, yeah, for sure was Oh, joy. Whenever I go to my mother's and I come back that first week. It's brewing like Oh, really? And I go so if I'm walking around, it's 309 Trying to be fucking Eddie. It's not gonna work.

So I just started shopping on the way that went back to Weight Watchers. I walked in there three times. We have a bunch of different rules now like what you can eat what you can't eat. I'm gonna tell you some you can eat as many eggs as you want you in the face and tell you some things and we'll look in the face and tell you so there's you know, you and I always have this conversation.

If you're heavy, and you don't go away watch is because you're a fucking loser. Whoa.

That's a it's that it's that easy. It's that easy.

Enjoy it. I'm a fucking idiot and hip hop, hip hop. Come on.

That's my guy. Okay, that's my guy. So So you put everything you eat into this app to the App. Oh, no. Okay. Let me show you what I was. Dinner. Snacks total. And then you you count it out by points. Is that what they told us? They they do it themselves. Now how many points you get in a day? 39. Now let's say Joey Would you eat that? Give me that kind of coffee.

Right they're gonna give me that one problem. You don't want me

think, okay, we don't know. So you scan that, and then it'll tell you how many. I don't think that has many calories. Does coffee, plain coffee of calories? Not really.

Maybe a couple but now when you get the fucking milkshake coffees for breakfast and tea and the fucking flat white, even a flat white don't kill you. Alright, this isn't in that. It's not in that you go like this boom. And then you got this Joe Rogan, you're ready, you press this over here, and you press this here, and you press this here, and they give you points for whatever you do. Walk circuit training, then you have custom. So I press Brazilian Jujitsu, let's play you go to an hour class, how much do you really fuck and roll 15 minutes.

If you want on our class, you don't technique he teaches you how to do the drill. And he tells you a joke. So you press and 15 done. And then you press the intensity. When you breed like an atom, I just bet seven points. You leave this in your phone in your pocket. You put this in your pocket, and fucking guess what happens it counts the steps. When I went to Disneyland, they burned 31 Fucking points. So it's all the executive for breakfast. So for breakfast, I go to Johns and I got to see that row. Even if I give myself four fucking points for the row five points for the row six points for a row. I put two eggs in that motherfucker, which is 14 grams of protein. And I put a thin slice of humans boys had American cheese and some Frank's hot sauce on that motherfucker haga document.

So you essentially can eat anything you want. As long as you know what the points are, I get a certain amount of points, fish. I cannot fish you for days. So I'll leave here and go to fucking sushi Dan, and I get the crunchy albacore, which is I can't wait for Rogen to visit me. It's sliced albacore covered with jalapenos

on Yunnan garlic cloves if possible. Let me ask you this. Is it possible that you could eat just all eggs all day and have zero points zero point really eggs all day?

All day that sounds crazy fish all day sea bass. You can eat salmon and sea bass all day. Chicken breasts, no skin, no skin all motherfucking day.

All day chicken breast not chicken call. It's like mom Mae with Italian bread crumbs. None other than that's fried. Grilled chicken on the breast wood, wood, red crushed peppers and a baked potato. Five points for the baked potato. Ooh. So you want to tell me again? How I listen. It's not a journey. It's not a fucking race. See before it's totally healthy to lose like a pound a pound and a half a week? Is that what it is? That's what they say anything after that. You're going into that loser show where they lost all that weight at one shot. And then that's why all these diets and stuff that you have to do or something that you're going to do forever. I've always liked this. I lost 100 pounds with this. Yeah. And then I gained 40 And now I lost another 30

that's all and it hasn't been killing me like I don't miss nothing. You don't want I learned I didn't know this. I will go get an outside he bought

American things that I saw he bought was great. Let me explain something to you. eating a banana. And putting a banana blend is two different things. I did not know that. One day I was making one of those because I switch I have on it protein which I use the vanilla or the chocolate, Mexican chocolate. And then I have this other one that's upper layer type protein. It's coconut

milk. And I put I use that one and one there. So let me put my hand in this motherfucker just to see and I'm like damn this delicious. I'm onto some. I gained the weight that week. I didn't know what it was. I'm the banana. When you blend the banana, it's eight points. But when you eat a banana, it's got but it's zero. Because when you eat through and when you drink fruit it's two different things. That's why we're all these fat people when you see him going I don't eat breakfast I drink a smoothie. You are killing yourself. You are killing yourself every time you puree fruit because when you eat fruit the sativa this attack the saliva saliva so God forbid the saliva in your mouth breaks the fruit down and the digested the sugar a different way. When you bypass that enzyme in your mouth. That's when you get 300 pounds like Uncle Joey right so when you drink fruit I don't care if they Oh it's frozen fruit you lose some of the sugar that's bullshit once you fucking blend that fruit you dead because it goes right into your system it goes on all the fiber and

you're not supposed to learn that shit any other way other than the way that comes when you eat it you could go to that fucking little Mexican stand with the umbrellas. You ever see those guys the cartel delivery? Yeah, that's where the cartel drops out that money. Shake him down. I got 300,000 under that

Hey, guys cutting fruit with a machete. GREG I daily go up when you see a cartel umbrella that's a cartel money that they got tons of money in those things. They just confuse people. They even got them across the street from one another.

Well, that's Starbucks Don't you think that just poor people and trying to make some money not really yummy apples you got to sell the fucking pay rent and this takes days and times. Nobody stands out there look at those Mexicans don't even use SPF. They're out there raw with no fucking umbrella out there. They look darker than dark. They get dark. You know, but you got to pay me to stand out there all fucking day in this weather a lot. They get like 200 a day. 300 a day, not because they're cutting apples up. Because a guy comes from a poncho and takes what's underneath them and takes it straight to Mexico on Thursdays nobody sees nothing.

That every time you eat that fruit it's sprinkled with cocaine eat some of that fruit. Well now what's the energy you get like that box or ROI for you? They just be poor farmers.

Because that's how nice people like you think for me, I'm a criminal. I see people for what it is. I see things for what it is. I'm trying to sell a lead or rehab because are you I got a friend that's got to rehab you got down there Lee Why try and sell lead sell send lead to him because I can make money. There's a rehab. There's a bunch of rehabs in Florida you go to and they get your insurance and they bang your insurance for 60 and then they give you a cut back and 30 I totally let me send you down into my buddies give me 10% I get three grand. You got that and they get acupuncture they give you a few massages, or do you give Him for

the rehab.

Imagine who Lisa would be in terms of his marijuana consumption. Imagine where he would be if it wasn't for you. Like there's that guy. When you first started having him on your show when you guys first started doing your pot maybe three times in college a couple months in he's done superhero doses of edibles, couple months. I mean like little by little little by little when you would sneak them in on him. And you would take away a 250 and put it a 500 What I would do is wrap it I get

this the Joey Diaz

co star in the church what's happening now is completely asleep at the wheel. He's on the show and his eyes are almost totally closed is barely a slip. He's just dazed. Who's the guest? Who is that? It's right in Bosnia. A kid that I told on this podcast.

Yeah, he can't take him though.

Hi, what is the name of this video Jamie Lee and out of space Elisa in outer space.

Look at him go. He's got I would get these. Okay, I would go in the afternoons. And I would get a 180. And I would rip the cover off the 180. And I would take a 6760 milligram woman I need that one. It was like two in the afternoon. Don't do nothing to me, at least like a 60. And I take the 180 and put it in the 60 wrapper. Oh no. And then I bring it to him put it on the table and in front of my go here and I'd open it up for him. And he wouldn't see it. It was half open already.

And I would give him the 60 but it was last night I gave him an expired one add a little bit of mold on it

he's gonna be a good comment abroad, he is going to be a good

look at Eleanor. I will have sat there for 15 years, shut her mouth and watched.

There's a really special gift to that. Yeah. What do you think I'm almost funny and that whether you agree with her that I give her the balls, a lot of people don't like just sitting there and watching. There's a lot of people that do though, you know, there's a lot of people that work in and around comedy clubs that probably want to do it. They just don't know how to get started. You know, they just don't have it in them to get the ball rolling. It's hard. It's hard to hard to try something new to keep thinking about when's the right time to do it. Is it now maybe shall wait a week? You know, you know what, I want to lose 10 pounds and then I'm gonna try it. And you get all these things in your head. How long did it take you? Seriously Honest, honest, honest Asian. Well, my birthday was August 11. And when I turned 21 was August 11 of 2019 88 rather. So I got on stage August 27. So from my birthday to when I got on stage just a few days. It was just those nerves. Terrified. Okay, fine. I was trying to check it out. Jonathan Katz was the emcee. And I was maybe going to get up. It was one of those things where I signed up for the list you get I think it was five minutes and there's a bunch of people that are going to do five minutes, and Jonathan Katz was already established stand up comedian

he'd really funny guy, and he was the host. And he's like, he came up to me. He said, Let me check in half an hour in to see if I can get young. Sometimes people wouldn't show up. And so a half an hour in. I'm thinking, I'm just gonna check it out. I'm just gonna bail. I'm just gonna tell him forget about it. And when I'm thinking this in my head, I walked up to him and he says, I got you and Joe. So you'll be going up right here. And you'll have five minutes. Good luck. And I said to her, thank Thanks, man. Okay, so I was ready to pull the out. Dude, I was totally ready to pull it out. And I was so nervous. The first time I went on stage I was fucking terrified I couldn't believe was name of the place stitches stitches Comedy Club. August 27 1988. I was terrified dude. Terrified. I couldn't believe I was scared. I didn't. It didn't make any sense to me. I didn't think I was going to be scared. I thought maybe I'd be like a little nervous, like I had never performed before. So this idea of doing and I was like, Well, you know, I've taught taekwondo classes in front of people before I can talk in front of people. And then I thought about the idea of like, don't stand up in front of people's like, oh, fuck, this go down. It took me crazy. It took me a year to think about it and then it snowed and I couldn't go to work because we can't roof Colorado, right so I read through the punch line.

Ah with Tom Hanks and Sally Fields. Angel Salazar Damon Wayans

bye bunch of people in that movie. I watched punch line. And that pissed me the fuck off.

I that was it. I went in the Yellow Pages. I found comedy clubs I call them and comedy works offered a Tuesday night open mic. How do I get on? You have to call in and they'll give you three minutes. Okay. So for two months, I called in nothing. And then one night though, like Joe Diaz.

And I call them back that night.

I got sick. I got the flu. I was like, I'm not going wow. And then I was Roofing roofing. I'm roofing I'm roofing I'm estimating jobs. I'm going to different jobs dropping off material I like to cruise working. And I went to one crew and they go hey, man, we're stuck in this job. Can you get us the morning break?

And I go yeah, go over that. I went over to this little diner right off the fucking 30 Whatever that i 7070 i 25 Which one? But when in Denver? It was like our industrial area trucks everywhere. I don't remember the number that wrote We were doing a road there and I but there was a place around the corner Jamie

had the best fucking green show you out of your fucking life and when you pour them over fucking scrambled eggs your dick would get fucking fucked. Well to to a tee is Are you kidding me that you don't those fucking two way most ranchera I walk over there I sit down. And you know there's always a paper in front of you ever go to a diner or something? There's always a paper somebody read right? And I sit down I get the waitress do it. I'm sitting and I look over and I went like this just on a you know, you just go like that to the middle and want to help with it said do you want to be a stand up comic? Whoa.

And it was an article by Roseanne became a stand up comic and now because of Denver. She had just blown up like Roseanne had just blown up. It was

maybe March of 91

Roseanne had just blown up Denver was a hotbed Jack everybody was drinking the water. Herbie was wanting to see what Roseanne was doing. So it had a big thing about Roseanne and it had all these open mic spots and it had classes that you could take and there was a class in bold for $33.03 Sundays in a row

at the University of Colorado part of the continuing education the guy that taught it his name was Jeff harms

and I went the first Sunday that okay went the second Sunday that okay and the third Sunday I performed on the way out he took me aside and he goes oh no I'm serious you about this but you're on

if you want to do it let me know and I left there going I want to sell coke

fucking crack

crack fucking jokes on the way that'd be a pickpocket and the magician and fucking come up with Burgess shit. I swear to God like, Are you fucking crazy? I'm gonna sell me a comedian. And then about a month later I saw an ad in the paper for doorman for comedy clubs.

And I called it up and they said come up. On the way there I called Jeff. He gave me his number because he's on stage is calling me I put shops.

I go there's a job for a doorman with

sent. Do you think I got it and he goes, I'll call the guy right now you got it. Just drive there, fill out the app and Tommy finds me. It made me a doorman slash

sound guy. Oh, and barback quit. So I was the door guy, sound guy in the bar back.

And after about six months, I had two jobs. I hated going home, I had a marriage that was just fucking, just like the one that we all talk about. When you cannot go home, it's not your home anymore.

I would basically leave at six, come home at five, take a shower, eat whatever fucking crap she cooked. Give the baby a kiss, and I get in my truck and go back to Westminster. It was a club away from the comedy worse, it was in Westminster. But it wasn't it didn't get the best people in the world. You know, exactly Toothless people in there. And people shall poach bears and shit like that. So I started there. And then in the middle of all that, it took me two months to get a spot from Wendy.

And then I went down there and Nikhil Sami, one of the original holders of the economy, stone, Wendy went to comedy, comedy work comedy works in Denver. He was one of the original owners when the ad Nichols show me Dominic keep coming back.

But I knew when I walked off that stage, that life as I knew it as ad ended, how so? Whatever I thought life was at that point, had gone out the window like,

Saturday was fucked up for me, because Saturday, I was supposed to be somewhere this week, but I couldn't go. I had to go to my friend's mother's 80th birthday party. And why was important. It was in Philly. It was away from Philly. She's in an old folks home because they're the second family. That took me in when my mom died. Like they took me in a crucial spot, Joe, like you're throwing me out. I'm 17. And I know where to go. I couldn't go to my stepfather. So I had an aunt in New York and I can live with and I had a godmother in Harlem. And I didn't want to live with both.

Like I wasn't mad I just mentioned to a friend one day we were out snorting coke and drinking. And I told him I go where I'm standing. I throw me out of the Dana.

And he wasn't even good friends with me. And about a week later, I saw him in school. And he goes, Hey, man, I talked to my father, you could move in with us. That was his birthday. It was on Saturday, you know? So

when I got off the phone with her, I was thinking about how important they were to me, but I still remember being 17 and sitting on that hill on 86 and county Boulevard. Thinking about how I had nowhere to go.

I this was my only shot. Like I had nowhere to go.

Like nowhere there wasn't like a homeless shelter. I didn't know where to fuck to go. I probably had $10 in my pocket. And then the younger brother ran up down he goes dog. There wait for you to come to eat the dinner. I'm older. I never met the parents.

How lucky am I generally I never met the parents. That's pretty lucky. And I walked in and they had like six kids. And there wasn't like what I was used to living in. They had no air conditioning. The parents were blue collar. And they took me in they made me a part of their home. Never asked me for rent wasn't the fucking best house in the block. But till this day, I'm tight with all the four brothers and sisters like we're like we're all one big family. But think how fucking lucky like I'm not even talking about being thankful for the comedy bridge just a personal bridge.

Like I was a killer in in Fort and at that point I had lost all faith in

humanity. Like I was done. Like I wasn't a Catholic no more. I was just waiting to kill somebody. That's it. That's all I was waiting. It's such a weird like I'm not even worried about the county bridge no more it was the personal bridge where I grew the most you know, I don't even know how we got on this conversation this week. It's killing me it's good weed.

They're gonna kill the good weed now Right? Is that what's happening? How does this work? What how does it no no, no, no, I still got some nice yeah, I'm sure you do legally but legally or it'll still be available for medicinal people who have so we got to get a card yeah recreational it's going to be renewed that card son. I got it. I gotta redo that card. I don't want any of your bullshit weed. I don't worry you're fucking watered down weed. What are they gonna do? They gotta water it down. How much 18% Something like that But never fear but here's the thing. isn't that strong? Joe is here look

we got to do a 120 Wow, you think you're dealing with joy bananas we got state federal. We got them coming from all over you I'm saying

damn, Da fuck yeah, just in case you just in case just in case we run amok and Tom Cruise and American men Yeah.

I was looking up the medicinal rules in Ohio recently. You can't grow your own there. If you have a card. Yeah, they're sneaky with that shit, right? Yeah. Hopefully people eventually vote that out. But you had to get it in there first. That's the only way it would have passed. They have everything wired up. But it's a it's a victory because it's going to be very difficult to make it illegal. Now that it's legal, it's gonna be very difficult to go backwards. So then you have to figure out like, why do these companies have a monopoly on making it? If it's legal? Why can't you make it yourself? Aren't tomatoes legal? I can grow tomatoes. Can I? You can even probably grow like, Do you need a tax stamp or something to grow tobacco? How does that work? Maybe to sell it?

Like if you wanted to grow your own tobacco? Would you be able to do that? Like if you said I want to make my own fucking pipes? And, you know, fill them with my own tobacco? I want to make my own cigars. Could you do that?

So possible for personal use? That's crazy. So if you could do that federally, and then they're saying you can't?

In Ohio, you can't grow your own weed.

That's so stupid. That's so dumb. I had to let

you even know what you're doing now. You're like me? I don't know. I don't I don't know dick about it. I wouldn't do it. But you should be able to. If it's legal Of course, you should be able to grow it. That's It's a fucking plant.

Bro, it where can you not grow in Ohio? If you have a car? Here's the worry. The worry is that you wouldn't charge taxes, you would keep the money. You wouldn't be accurate. You just do with cash. You do cash transactions. That's the worry. But that would be a tax worry more than that. Right? Is that what it is that we're the same tobacco to Yeah, you can grow as much as you want. You just can't sell it. Okay. But you did not even allowed to grow their own for personal use when it comes to marijuana. So it's more restrictive than tobacco, which is Hi larious. Silly Fox. That's so dumb. Does that make any sense to you?

We have some wacky laws that we let sneak through. Like why would you let other people decide that different people in this group can't grow a plant? That's legal now. Get the fuck out of here. That's dumb. That's a dumb rule. They can't sell edibles over 100 No Weed that's loose anymore. So if I come into your store and I go what do you got? You can open up the container and show me the button. Let me smell it.

They all have to be sealed and stuff. There's just a lot of silly rules. I don't know which ones they don't. I'm very happy I found this bag of expired fucking GMO choose from 2015 From

listen, you know me I make it work. Are they diminished in any way? No, no, no couple of them had a little bit of mold on them. You just take the mold off. I put a little brown nail polish on it. Nobody knows about that.

Like nothing who gives a fuck a little mold never killed nobody motel people. Yeah, pass on came from some mold in it. Something like that. It's so crazy how you see it. What you kids.

You see what your kids I took my kid to science camp. And when I came from Cuba have a lot of problems medically here. When I came to this country, and one of them was the allergies. The allergies were completely different. And when I was using a different country, they're fucking mind boggling. So my allergies if you ever hear me make that noise. Ever hear me do that. That's because I don't I can't scratch the back of my throat like normal people.

Normal people do that noise.

So you all sealed up there. Yeah, the first week of camp I saw my daughter do shit and I felt so bad for she would try to scratch her nose and I would see her get frustrated Joe Rogan just scratching and scratching and scratching. And now it's gone.

Three weeks into summer camps. You don't scratch. How come? Because you build up your immune system.

It's so weird how you see it in front of you now. You see it? I see I saw it in front of me. Like I went right to my wife and they let me tell you something, you got to take it to the fucking doctor and get a fucking tonsils out because that's the shit that started with me at that age. When I came from Cuba right away, I was in the hospital on a weekly level dog weekly, between the tonsils and the fucking allergies and asthma and the asthma. But my mother didn't pay attention to the asthma. That's why I don't have it today. Like I might have bits and pieces, but I don't have him versus got it.

My daughter's got it. They got to do the fucking inhaler. And the whole thing was fucking rough. It's rough. That's rough. I've seen people have asthma attacks and you can hear the wheezing and you have no fucking idea. So I have to work from a different angle. What can what can they do? Like if someone doesn't have an inhaler? And they have an asthma attack? Is there a strategy or a technique? friend's mother died at a fucking party? Oh no. Yes.

Oh you have to attack Yeah. Oh my god it's having a party right now. Oh, I'm having a great time I got an asthma attack

and then inhaler opens up your your lungs children's work, my wife has the machine. We use the machine the machine that blow some powder in it with a thing and then there's a regular machine that my wife has and then she has the inhaler.

You know, my wife and her doctor been working on different things she's healthy. The kids healthy as fuck she runs she swims jitsu this that ballet you know, it's four days a week. We don't stop at that fucking house. You know, you just use it. Yeah. You know, people I love these people.

Let's meet at 330 tell you mother's ministry 3330s And my day really starts. As I'm saying. I'm writing jokes. I am not because I want that because that's what I got. Yeah, that's what I got. That's what I got. Because I got this that this that. And that three o'clock from Monday to fucking Friday. This different activity. Sometimes you do three at a time, bro. We go right from jujitsu right to the pool when she jumps in. You think we could do an hour when you get to and then go to pause for 45 minutes? Fuck you, Jack. Yeah, you gotta say it's unbelievable people like Nah, let's meet fuck you. I got by way I got 1000 Fucking activities during the week, kids a little energy machine and if you don't burn that energy, then you deal with it from seven to nine when you're fucking trying to do your own shit to try to get it together. They're just constant don't go there ready to go? A couple of weeks ago, she took it to the fucking zoo six hour walk around LA Zoo. I got home at four. He's like, what's the story we're going to the park I looked at my wife like Park to get to the park to I was on the monkey bars. And then another hour the fucking yogurt place jumping up and down to music and Michael Jackson and fucking joy and fun fact it

really is crazy being a fucking that especially because they don't know, I kidnaps him by like she's, she has no idea. She has no idea. I'm a savage. So she thinks I'm on the up and up. Like when we go to church. She's like, Daddy, look at Jesus. Well, nothing turns people more on the up and up and being a father. It really does. And it changes who you are, you're responsible for these people now. And you just do you have to think of things differently. You have to make sure that you provide, you have to make sure that they're taking care of you gotta give them love. It's like, cool, it's an intense world and you feel more vulnerable. And it's just the whole the whole the world around you opens up. And you also have more empathy. I have way more empathy for people. Now, because I'm becoming, you know, as you're

raising children, you're seeing how they develop. And then you're considering how other people have been mistreated, and how things have gone terribly wrong. They've been abused and beaten and fucked up and left in terrible situations. And you realize that so much of what happens with people with even terrible behavior comes from other terrible behavior that they didn't get a chance to stop the cycle. And there are a lot of people that we consider like really bad people, violent people, people that do terrible things, that we don't even realize that so many of them are product of violence, like they're a product of someone doing it to them like they've they've almost they're trying to get back at the world for all the horrible shit that's been done to them. And there was no one there to put a stop to it. There was no one there to save them. There was no one there to protect them. And this is what we're seeing when we see fucked up people. We always just think of it as fucked up people with that fucked up person is the product of some terrible things that have happened to them almost universally. Most every angry fucked up person has come from a place where something has gone really wrong against them. You know, you're not angry and fucked up. If everything's awesome. If everyday just getting ice cream getting your dick sucked and driving a Ferrari and watching awesome movies like you know, it's you. There's a there's an anger that some people have violent criminals

in particular, that comes from someone doing that to them. I had that anger. I know you had that anger from 1979

You had that shit when I met you. I had that anger but no, the when I met you I've seen it. I've seen it with people well, let me explain some wanted to attack people. Anger was very

Alright, first of all, I know control. I was always a happy kid. And but not really. Because I was always confused about the death of my father. So I had always had a little certain unhappiness. Yeah. But I always had the Catholic faith. I was really raised Catholic and I always believed he was in heaven and

He was in that box with my mom did the things

so at ease the pain a little bit in my mother's death was just fucking horrifying. And that broke the central nervous system belief system

that broke your belief in the world. How can there be a God that takes a mother away from a child?

When you're 16 and you wrapped around your head, there's not a good result. It's not going to be a good result. So how I lashed out was by Robin. Yeah, that was the only weapon I had in the world was to rob you. Joe Rogan fucktard me the studio will get robbed and lit on fucking fire and Joe knows me and with the zeal and do I'm with Carmine,

the fuckery going into the call the GOP, it's Carmen's going to answer the phone. Next time. Don't fuck with me. You'll know next time that the Fuck on me when I tell you to give me a gram of coke. And I'll pay you on Friday. You'll give it to me, right? Because that's what it was. It was simple shit like that. Right? Like Joe give me 100 bucks, bro. Joey, I don't have 100 bucks. Okay, now, Rob, your fucking house shouldn't give me the bucks. You know, I was lashing out at the fucking world. Right? Number two. The other issue I had is I lost a child. I lost a job. I was not ready for that child. At all. I love that little girl with all my heart. But I was not ready for her. At all. My intentions were good. But the result was not going to be well, I was not ready.

And because I lost that child, and I'm in no contact with that job. It makes me a better father than I am today. This is never going to happen to me again. The understanding? Yeah, I see. I see that. We see Daughters of comics. We've seen Daughters of comics and Sons of comics, and have fucking lost. You know, I don't want my daughter to be fucking lost. In that stupidity. And in that world, you know, you have to be that we have to be there. Yeah, you know, you have to be there. I'm trying to be there as much as I can be you have to be engaged. You know, you have to be engaged. Well, your parents engaged as much as you're engaged my mind. But I didn't want a different world. Yes, it's a different world. But my parents are very open minded. What my parents gave to me that was really important was they they're like the most non judgmental non racist, non homophobic people ever. They don't judge about anything. They were hippies. You know, when when my mom met my stepdad he had crazy long hair. And he had it like, all all too. I was like, almost in high school is when he cut I was so happy when he caught it. I was like,

people were like, back then dudes grew their hair long. They were hippies like legit hippies. But because of that, I was raised around like no racism, no homophobic. We had no homophobic thoughts in our house when that never came up. We lived in San Francisco. From the time I was seven till I was 11. We lived on a series gate and one thing that did disturb me though once I was walking with my stepdad, some dude whistled at him. Some dudes like we knew.

I knew that dudes were gay. But there's a thing about when a dude is hitting on your straight stepdad and you're like, Oh, my goodness, this is ridiculous. Like guys are gross.

It makes you realize

doesn't even really make you realize what it was like to be a chick and that same exact scene. I grew up completely different. Not in my home.

Not in my home, but the surrounding.

You know, when I would walk down the corner, Mr. Tina would go speak a rule. Where are you going to?

You know,

there was a kid that I still talked to him on Facebook. His name is Louie Hernandez. He's Dominican. Joe, he's Dominican. He's Dominican. They didn't give a fuck they call them Louie the Mega. Constantly Louie the negative. Guys. He's Dominican. Do you think they gave a fuck? They didn't give a fuck. They didn't give a fuck. Oh, funny. You know, they didn't give a fuck. Pizza. We're just different than the different world we're talking about. Right? I remember there was a kid that is today gay. I still talk to him. He's my brother. As a matter of fact, he's one of my brothers. I gotta be honest with you. He lives in Miami. He's got HIV. I mean, listen, if you didn't know he was gay when he was 12 This is wrong. We missed Oh, Tina used to call him he was lighting the slippers. You know, look at look at Jimmy he's like the slip is you know, and you had to sit there and take it. It was

whatever it should be okay, for little Jimmy lightness slippers. Everybody should just let them be. I

had a dog named Trump that when his dog ever like he lived outside. Trump skin like when you pet the fucking thing was that

hardest it was like, like with those brushes, you scrub the metal brush. Like he lived outside tramp, but he followed him everywhere. He was beautiful. I love

dogs. Now you're very lucky because I

don't have best pets. You know, I grew up in an environment I'm standing with you in my man here we're on a corner we see a trans gender person crossing the street, the shape of this fucking guy. As simple as that is, that's a judgment.

That's a judgment. But it was more of a sense of humor. You know, before we're looking at a picture of, of Archie Bunker, America understood it because he they knew where he was coming from. He wasn't saying nothing malicious. It was a world where he came from, right. And the the the idea was that he was reluctantly open to occasionally take in new information.

Today, every guy's sitting at home, fucking looking out the window peeking, waiting to fucking to get me dude. There's 1000 men at home waiting right now to get me fucking to it every day a new guy get fucking called out for something like that. What's this going to be like, in five years, nobody's gonna be able to even ask for a fucking piece.

Nobody's gonna be late, let me give you a little stab, I'm gonna give you a little bucket of fish. I think

there's gonna come a time. And I don't think it's going to be very long within 10 years, where we're going to be able to read each other's minds, I think we're going to be able to communicate in a different way. And I think it's just going to be step one, into some sort of a technological world where we all read each other's minds, we can connect together in some almost like telepathic web way, the way you use. This is obviously just an idea.

But I think that if technology continues to give us closer and closer access to people, we're going to lose all boundaries between what a person is, and you're going to know everything about everyone's past. And everyone's going to know everything about yours. And it's going to be like some unlimited library of the mind. You can you can travel through anyone's mind and read anyone's thoughts. And as 100 years goes by, and the technology gets better and 1000 years go by, we're going to integrate, we're going to figure out a way whether it's in our grandchildren's lifetimes or their grandchildren's lifetimes. And I think that cultural shifts and things that are happening in the news and people waking up to things that they think are horrible, and people trying to correct the misdeeds of the past. All of that is us waking up in the middle of our culture, and trying to figure out what's right. Figure out what's the healthy way to move forward figure balance this thing out, slow down. What are we doing? We're waking up as grown adults trying to figure out our system, and there's some injustices, those injustices have to be corrected, or at least recognized, we have to understand what's the difference between normal male female interaction and what sexual harassment what when is it when someone doesn't want you to do it? When does it become a crime? And I wouldn't you don't want your daughter to ever experience that. And I don't want anybody that's a woman to experience real sexual harassment. It's the worst fucking thing that could probably ever happen to you because you can't do anything physically about it. Other than rape or being beaten up or murdered. It's a creepy place to be in.

I've had guys hit on me before you ever had a guy hit on you before? Were you like, where is this go? I was like, 13 Yeah, you might think I didn't know what to do. I ran out of the car, but it was my fault for getting in the fucking car. I also acknowledged it and never fucking happened again. And I would go to gate theaters when I was a kid like we thought it was a joke to go to a fucking porn theater on a Sunday we got to a point on a Sunday like what six a year stupid friends and go to the bathroom. And there's always a guy that gets next to you in the store when you go pick it he looks at your deck and he smiles come on guys. Yeah, I bumped into a lot of you been out here first of all, I tell you what bothers me about the current situation now went off. That this fucking place here has always been a fucking haven for sexual harassment. This fucking neighborhood down the corner here Hollywood is with sexual harassment got invested in invented. Did you ever see all this stuff about Fatty Arbuckle? I heard pieces about failure but but I don't need to know about fatty. I know about a chick named Marilyn Monroe that they passed around to they killed I know about a guy named Liberace who used to suck a dick and fucking clean you out and then send you out to the fucking cold and worse he was you know plastic surgery so he looked like like you look like him? Who is one of the most intense things a person has ever made a person do let me tell you some and let me tell you something else too.

Let's while we welcome the elephant in the room. The fucking where we hang out was known for calmly fucking hell of them of sucking dick to the lobby in the Comedy Store. A lot of Dick second went down the fucking Comedy Store. I don't know how long Harvey Weinstein's been around, but there's a song by The Eagles.

1980's was released on the fucking long run, then last out, it's called the King of Hollywood on the way home, put it on, listen to it in the car. You're gonna crash your car

called the King of fucking Hollywood and you're gonna go Who the fuck were they talking about? I have to I'm gonna it just breaks it down. It would be a shame to see all that town go to waste. You know, what are you willing to sacrifice? wouldn't really be just nice. Oh, you gotta look at this shit. Come sit down here beside me, honey. Let's have a little heart to heart. That's the fucking lyrics to the song. Well, Kenya Hollywood 1980 Nobody knew. Now look at me and tell me darlin, how badly do you want this part? Yeah, let's listen. You put men in positions of power. And hiring women like that, that that crazy position of when you're trying to cast something, and you got 100 People that want it so bad. And you're, you know, you're some creepy dude. Some people actually think that this would change their life. If I came to you right now and said, Joe Rogan, you're fucking delivering papers in Boston.

You're gonna have two shows. A podcast. There's like my fucking ball. Just one time.

But I want you to do I want you to do that thing at the end. Like dice. Yeah, like

Oh, would you do it? How much thinking think how much do I get? And how long do I have to succumb for this? Because it's going to be over pretty quick. This is a career changer. If I may do just do that. Right? That's it. They're talking. Oh, the king of Hollywood. Is was Clark Gable a

was he a gay man? It was based off of a book. Apparently all this stuff that was in there.

But he was he alleged to be a gay man. Was this? No, this isn't.

But there was also a book released in Hollywood. In 1997 or eight called you'll never work in this town again. So those lyrics were about Clark Gable. Yo, I'm sorry. I thought it was Yeah. Yeah. But then there was a book released in 1997 or eight in this Hollywood call. You never work in this town again. And it was about a chick who described all her sexual relationships with a bunch of people in town. As she described as a fucking Don Henley, the drummer from the Eagles, the guy that sings and he would get hookahs to come up to the house. wouldn't even talk them. But why them up? Turn Around, Don't even look at me. Don't even make fucking eye contact with me the understanding,

bend over.

So he would sit on the couch

with a robot with his deck out

snorting coke, and they would all be in front of a fireplace bent over where do you hear this? This isn't this book will never work in this town again.

Jesus Christ and he would fuck it. You know where you live from this time again, oh, you never eat lunch and he would take the thing, do a line of coke. Get up and walk up to one of them.

Spread them, putting them there as a little bit of a puppet twice and then go on. I'll be back in five minutes. And then he would go sit down, put his feet up, do another line. And he would do that for eight hours. Just get up fuck on for five minutes and sit back down before he'd come. So he would never crack a nut. And he would just keep snorting and keep it hard on the live. fucking face. So who the fuck knows? Listen, you know, it's like they all through the Harvey under the bus. But these animals had been doing this. Since Jesus loves Chicago. Since Jesus Chicago this one I read that article about the Cuban Superman that they Brando was sleeping with. What they blatantly talked about in our article was exactly what we're seeing today only behind closed doors that Cuba had become a haven for sex. Where you could go see a fucking go get fucked. I mean, didn't they pass a rule this week in Mexico, that a girl could get fucked if she's 12 years old. You really need that rule. Really? That's the rule you need and this is

something that you could be 812 years old is the act of and this is Mexico Mexico. Ages something

12 year well fucking years old. What do you just consent? Why is a woman 12 years old? That's insane. That's insane. Scary.

It is real torture. Can you fucking believe that? Oh my God. Look at this. The federal law established at the age of 12 as the minimum age of consent, while the age at which there are no restrictions for consensual sexual activities as a teen sex with someone 12 to 18 is not illegal per se, but can still be opened to prosecution under certain circumstances. What does that mean? So it's it's age 12

offers the age of minimum age of consent. But the age in which there are no restrictions for consensual sex is 18. So the idea is that sex between someone who's 12 and 18 It's not illegal, but they might be able to lock you up if you do something super creepy.

That is nuts, man. Imagine if there was some

person that just only went after 12. What was that? That's the United States of Mexico.

It's Mexico. So that's why people would fly that isn't actually, I typed in Mexico. But this is an article on Wikipedia about ag consent North America. Wow, this is federal law. So find out Wait a minute that what I just read was about North America. How was that real? I just saw North America too. And that's why I asked those states right. I'm sorry, not your North American United States of America. Right. North America is Canada to that. Is that is that? Is it not possible thing? How's it? Is that really possible that 12 to be the age of consent anywhere? Oh, no. What are you talking about? That's crazy. That is 18. Right? That's the federal law of Mexico. Mexico. Yeah. You scare the shit out of me, Jamie? No, it can here in America. It's not Yeah, yes. This article is about North America. age of consent in North America. And there is states here where it's lower than 80. Yeah. Like there's a couple I believe it's 14. Dude, is that real? That might have changed. Okay, so 12 are the ones 70. The 12 are the ones that were in white. Which is that's in Mexico right down here. Yeah. Okay. There are spots and all the way up the coast, right?

Yep, that's still Mexico. Yeah, that side, but that that whole thing is 12 years old is the age of consent. A blue is all 16 Whew. That's a lot of states and 16 That's kind of crazy.

Lot of fucking US states. 16. That's crazy. 1418 and Central. Excuse me. What does it say? Central America. Oh, 414 to 18 in Central America. Interesting. That's that age of consent thing is bananas. Go back to that little map again, please.

That is weird to look at. I would have thought there'd be way less of those 16 Look how many sixteens there are. And one of the darker ones. Can you scroll all the way down so we can see the whole scale? So 17 is that? And then wow. captures everything is 18 so it's only like Florida Kalfa. There's less greens and there are blues. More the age of consent is 16. Is this current?

Is that possible? This is not current?

It seems not. Alaska. 16. Two

I assumed it was all 18 Florida was like eight

you know, Florida it could be like seven six and a half. You never know fucking that crazy place is a fucking crazy place. That's where white people go to buggy

like pay I just found out about that. That there was a time you go out and just buy pills over the counter or some go pain doctors pain medication. Yeah, like I just read this shit recently that that law got abolished. That's why so many people left Florida. There were people moving to Florida in droves just filled with pain doctors in droves. I didn't know about this shit. Yeah. Well, there's a great documentary that we've talked about many times called the oxycontin Express. And they sort of documented that whole route from Ohio and Kentucky and all the way down through Georgia, all the people that would go into Florida, just to get pain pills. All you had to do is just get into Florida. And you get a doctor and say you hurt your back and they would have a pharmacy right next to the doctor's office and all the pharmacy had his pain pills. So you go there, you tell the doctor you're hurt. The doctor says great here here's some fucking serious hardcore drugs that can kill you. Don't take more of these he'll die. They're super powerful opiates. But since I wrote the wrote it on this piece of paper, you can go buy it. So you go next door and you're buying. You're buying the hardest of hardcore. You're buying hillbilly heroin. You're buying OxyContin and you're going deep. Now I've never done that shit. I did morphine. When I got my knee operated on, they gave me that little pump thing and you press it and press it and press it and you want to get more morphine. I don't I have no idea what oxycontin feels like, but that morphine felt wonderful. It feels like cotton did not feel good. Was it feel like I one time and that was good enough for me. It's almost like

everybody likes different shit. You know? I like blow but I like meth. What? What did

what did oxy do for you? Like why is it not good? I took a little tiny piece like I'm always a fan of something that might put me to sleep.

Via like this could put you to sleep. You know what I'll give it a fucking shot. I like sleep.

Have you tried to go to sleep on Oxycontin? Yeah, I didn't know I go with a goes you you might pass out, or he gave me a 16th it was, there was nothing there. Right? It was nothing that I popped it.

And I just felt like my blood pressure dropped. Like, I couldn't even do anything. So I went to sleep and I just know never to take that shit again. There's certain shit I've taken that I just knew that I was never going to. That just wasn't going to work for me. Damn.

You know, heroin has done effective for a little while, like it takes you somewhere. And if you don't put the brakes on and shit, then you're gone on that thing. I don't even know how to describe it. But I don't mind that feeling, you know, the cocaine feeling you'd like in the beginning? Then where it goes, you don't like it and then it gets worse and worse and worse. But by that time, you're addicted to it. And I'm saying, Matt, I never understood that shit. Want to be up for four days that just seems and you will be up for two fucking days. Thinking you die it like let me go lay down. And I'll say like, I can't sleep. I'm sweating off my dose of sweat. So pills I've always had that. I like a little fucking sleeping pill or something. But because of this alley mafia Yeah, they're too dangerous right?

I can take the anxiety medication that'll help me sometimes I'll pop a few of those whatever I get stuck and like as a pan but like 1.5 to hold them to none that nobody point five they don't do they don't pick find that weed. Let's go to sleep.

Well at night don't do deck. You ever see me at night smoking weed? Really? Because the initial effect was in the daytime. That's what you like. I like that morning. Hi. Why do you like that? Because that's the one that gets the whole that's the one that lets me email text tweet they think that that that that that the Oh by nine o'clock

or by nine o'clock get it out of the way Yeah, so if I'm up it called a six. Put the coffee on open up the computer feed the cat. I don't Pablo it

see there's people Pablo it that's no bueno. Escobar Yeah. What's that Pablo it open your eyes and bed. Roll over and take a joint and smoking. That's no bueno. You gotta let your body wake up. That's no bueno. That's the quickest way was that fucking thing? Yeah, let me take a hit.

I love that little blunt that fucking Gino from speed weed. The some of the fucking Jamie pick this one up this is this is the genius

street what's it called?

Hollywood blondes are some

of Hollywood's

dedicated the lineup. Yeah, waking up and poem of Pablo

people.

Dedicated Yeah, it's medicine, man. Okay, but you wake up and give your body some chance to like I remember smoking cigarettes in the morning. You don't know what

what damage is to your body.

Until you wake up in the morning. Take six steps. Sit down and pull a cigarette out. There is no worse damage.

A human being could do that body. Forget heroin. Forget even a few avocados for getting the Burger King Whopper.

Get up at six in the morning. Give yourself three minutes and light a cigarette.

Your body does not recover from that and you don't know how bad it is to you stop doing it.

That damage so I look at it the same day way reefer I let my body wake up a little bit but at AIR. Drink water. Let the body's heat. Drink a glass of water with ice. Let my body's heat wake up. Get the stomach going. Drink a little coffee and then bang out some reefer all lowly. It's a different day. And you'd like to work out in the morning to write. I'm 55 I can't come to your house eight o'clock at night. But I can't. I'm not gonna roll with six in the morning. Most heart attacks happened before my time do that. Yeah, how come? I don't know I didn't write the book. Check it out. Most heart attacks happen before fucking 12 o'clock. So you don't want to be you know, you don't want Joey Diaz and you decide control at six in the morning.

I'm good at nine to kickbox 10 to kickbox 1112 The jujitsu wise, you gotta wake everything up. That's the whole deal. Heart attacks are more common in the morning says Fox News. Five to six times more likely to occur in the morning hours between one and 5am and studies have shown that morning heart attacks tend to be more severe. And those that happened later in the day, too long or too short of an interval can result in abnormal heart rhythms called arrhythmias as a matter of fact, I stopped giving mama stabbed in the mornings the worried about heart attacks Yeah, cuz that was my more I love one of the inputs you wake them up well

When you kick mama with that leg in the morning, you never say never give me a little wife a tap in the morning, she pops her head up. And then they already know they get up, they pee, they dry the monkey good. They come back naked. You eat that fucking monkey. And then you start giving them a stab. I'm like a soldier and that stabbing dog, I would have to get up and start breathing heavy. And I thought about that, that fucking gangster that was telling him to testify that time in court, and he bent over the potato shoes and he had a heart attack.

And the guy ended up doing a fucking jail and we're going to talk about that too in a second, but we will cover the heart attack. I take a baby aspirin before I go. I drink some from GNC to get me going a little bit in the mornings. I still take my Onnit protein powder I live by. But I do take a supplement before I go to the gym and I do drink something while I'm at the gym to calm me down a little bit. What do you drink? Something from GNC? I like GNC. I don't know. No.

You don't no names. No names.

No performance levels.

I always pop a shroom tech again, I don't pop to shrimp tanks. I pop one. And I started with a half a capsule.

Because I was finding my heart was beating too much. You got to watch the ticket. Yeah, you gotta watch the ticker. That's interesting. You know, listen, God gives you a certain amount of ticks to the heart.

I did coke that fucked up the whole clock that fucked up the speedometer. You got sand in your dial? Yeah, I got sand in the dials. I fucked up this predominance and I got it strengthened a little bit. And that's what strengthens it. But there's a lot of shit you could do without thinking like a marathon or something. Yeah, I watch my fingers. No numbness. I go. I get a finger up my ass as much as I could from the doctor. I use I overuse insurance dollars. Like I'm going on Friday for a blood test. Why join because I'm in the mood. You got to switch out the blood every couple of months. You know I'm saying you got to switch it out my Keith Richards he's still alive because he switched to that look at women on die of heart attacks. Why? Because they bleed every month. When he only asked those that don't take them. Well. What's the matter with you today? Like a fucking world? I'm just like, anybody. Okay, relax. If you don't want to know I'm enjoying your conversation. You just smoking so much weed you getting paranoid? No, I love

taking five minutes off that thing. You just spend just sucking it down and getting deeper and deeper into the hole.

Like what's the matter? It's not nothing's a matter at all. It's the fourth of July.

Great to see you look at what's going on with you. Normal shit, you know?

Didn't last night. Now. I'm coming tonight. You're going down there tonight? Yeah, go spot tonight. I'm going on. Taking a few days off after the Netflix. Yeah. Nice. I wanted to fall in love again with it. I wanted to,

to get to take time off things. It's really weird how you live and you learn and you still fall for dumb shit. You know, the only person I should listen to when it comes to comedy is you and they don't see you enough. And I don't talk to you enough about I gotta get on more planes with you. Because my tribe, I watched the John Mulaney special and I fell in love with his joke writing and stuff. He's very funny guy. Really nice guy. Really nice guy. It's fucking great fucking special, you know? But every once in a while I'm sorry. I'm saying this word. I always think I get the white moment and I'm not a white comic. The reason why you liked me and the people like me is because you don't know what's going to come out of my mouth. When I become a writer. That's when I'm not a comedian normal. When I go home and start writing stupid fucking jokes and you laugh at them. I'm not joking. He is no more. That's not what Joey this is supposed to do. Yes, I know. You're supposed to do Yeah, but this shit that's happened now scares the shit out of me. So now I gotta go up there you paid 25 bucks to see me I got it locked in and leave my soul up there. I take that shit seriously now but I'm starting to get a little bit too seriously this shit you see now in what way

the people coming to the shows people come into the shows to see you and they want to do you to see you do well. So I go up there with this plan material that I work on hard that I believe in that bullshit. Because I'm a lot friendlier when I go up there and I just fucking yell and scream and go off the cuff and go crazy and my eyeballs turn red. But no, I want to be John fucking Mulaney because he makes me fucking laugh and he's what in your mind that you can't make it. Yeah, everybody's got their own way of doing it. No. And that's what I realized. I'm going back to being a fucking lunatic. I'm going back to mid nightspots.

Next week, I'm going back to midnight spots. Going back to Cali. Cali. Cali. Going back to Cali yo, golf. Ball money spots. I know they're late, but they're the only ones that keep you if you're gonna play if you listen for me to be in uniform. That's the only one I could do it. That 1015 following you That ain't fun. No more. We got to be back there late like we used to go on for I was asleep for two or three weeks. Then you got to walk me over and buy me a fucking pink that sandwich.

Like in the old days, why don't you like to 1015 spots? Let's put that place because they put me in that position. I'm sick of fucking being in that fucking John Mulaney position I'm not John Mulaney I'm gonna

like you they're the same me because something's gonna come out of my mouth. That's gonna be funny. Funny coming out of my fucking mouth. Listen, I love you but your that's crazy talk. You what you do is your way of doing it. It's great at 10 it's great at eight you could do it three in the afternoon show would be amazing. They stare at me at the store. They stare at me and the original. I'm going back down I'm taking the Kennison spots again. Three nights a week. Because I can handle it the minute I get home at one I'll stamp to win 32 You got to do the late spots. Yeah, you know why? The reason why I do this early shit is because I'm trying to be normal. I read that book, your podcast like I said, Okay, now I like this hold on a second. So you're gonna close out the store and do like an hour long set? No, no 1512 to 1215 Oh my gosh, you're not gonna do like the Don Barris situation. Oh, no, no.

Listen, Joey at least for the most.

I'm just saying you but you can if you're closing out the show, right? You could go along. I don't want to close out the show one of them. Well, I don't want to be I'm scared of going out at night. So it's not a thought you were saying you want to do the Kennison spa that's

a midnight spa and he would do that.

Oh, I thought he was always the last guy I didn't thought was I mean that's what they always say about Brody when he does the Kinison spot and I thought it was the Midnight's let's call it the Paul Mooney spot. Okay. Well, just you want to do a late night spot. Yeah, yeah, I could do a lot better. I don't have to go to be out for sure. Yeah, yeah. Generous ready for me that it's time for me to be fucking degenerate. I say that fellow degenerate. Yeah.

Nobody say one that I say one. I said 12.

One in the morning. 1212 o'clock. You get another one though. 12 will be realistic, not 1210.

professionals at the store and pretty professional professional. There's no more fucking people coming in and bumping you. Well, that still happens a little bit, but not too much. They don't they don't no one jumps on and does an hour and a half. Like the old days. I miss I missed that. 12 o'clock thought of mind. The thought process at 12 for me in the old days was I swear to God, Joe. They've already heard everything. Yeah, if they if I think they really want to hear these dumb three jokes in my pocket. I got another thing coming. And it taught me how to write really good. What do you what has changed recently like the one of the things a lot of people have been saying with? Especially the me to movement, so people are more cautious about saying controversial jokes now.

Do you feel that you feel like energy in the air being different?

Do you feel like

I know you won't get mad at me. I feel the energy is different. But guess what, Jay? What? It don't apply to me.

It don't apply to me. doesn't apply to me and it's never going to apply them.

Okay, I understand me shooting you're special on your network. You don't want me to use certain words. There's parts and I get that this is a business. Right? This is business. And I got mouths to feed. But when I'm at the Comedy Store, when I'm at the Improv when I'm at the Laugh Factory, when I'm at flappers when I'm at the haha, when I'm at the New York Gotham, you got to let it fly. I'm gonna let it fly. Yeah, let it fly. Okay, and I'm sorry. No, no, you know, no, he sorry. Just so you know, you know what I put on yesterday, which is what I put on the studio yesterday. And this is it. This is dead because it's time we're not taking it no more. I'm not taking no more. I put out an album and again, I'm very sorry if I offend somebody. I didn't name it this. He did. So take your fucking problem up with him. Namely Artemis Bicentennial nigga, by James rich Richard Pryor. I put it on. I listened to it twice and I did an edible and cried. I got the fucking I've got the the periscope listening to Richard. Okay, I got it. Yeah, okay. And I listened to Lenny Bruce live from Carnegie Hall in the last couple of weeks. I don't know when the last time you listen to that because we can't because of our

week guys like you and I can't definitely not Jamie and definitely the end the 30 you can't because of the

cost. How slow your references how slow it is. Yeah, but it's a lesson. I listened to that and I'm going home. But guess what I'm listening to tonight. What I'm staying in tonight. Listen to the one when he meets the wine on meets Dracula. Oh, is it something I said are the niggas crazy? Both of those albums and masterpieces. And that's

He wanted us to do it. Yeah. That was how we have to do it. Yeah, he didn't give a fuck what the fuck was said. If a company wants to pay you HBO with CBS, and I Joey, can we talk to you in the corner? We can't have that jump because we got to complain about that. I'm an adult, I can't sell. You know, listen, Bill Hicks is dead. Don't feel too good myself. Okay. All right. Let's cut the fucking shit. Okay. We do this for profit. At the end of the fucking day. We're feeding our families. All right, so but there's also a way you do it. And there's

a way you do it for more profit. You know, when I watched the Richard Pryor thing, and I know he wanted to Hollywood ball and they were doing the thing for gays. And he went up there and win against the gays. I got it. Is it something I would do? I don't know. I don't know. But it's who was supposed to be in a way as a comedian

was supposed to be the social column

of society in a way, in some way. And so now you want to take that away from me.

You want to take the way I can't say I grew up on the word retarded. I grew up on the word faggot. I grew up on the word I grew up on a lot of words that people don't accept today. And I'm very sorry that you don't accept them. But it's too late for me to change my game right now. Yeah, I'll try my hardest. I try my hardest. I'm still gonna say try it from time to time. I know it offends. But when you're a comic, Listen, man, the first seven minutes of any news is about what's going on in the world. The next 10 minutes is bad. I never talked about politics. From the top it off. I'm a felon. So I'm here to talk about foreign policy. Vote. There's just things I'm not going to talk about kicking in the bush and child number for a long time. Every comic was, you know, kicking the board and free to you. That's not my style. I'm up there to talk about the board. Yeah, you go to comedy shows and there's always shocked and wants to be shocking. I'm not here to be shocking. I'm I'm here to tell you how I see it. You want to hear how I see it. This is how I see it. If I offend you. I offend you, too. Before in the beginning of the show. I said something very offensive in today's terms. But in my reality it was really you want firecrackers? You buying from a Chinese Dude, why? Like why is that racist? Because it's racist, but as a society? How's it racist today? It's factual Chinese people out of fireworks. Weird. There's weird ones that we all let fly. Like black dudes had big dicks. No one's complaining about that. Right? You ever hear that? You assume black dude has a big deck because anybody complains? Probably they look into now that might be like maybe I'm the first one to get called out on it. That's racist to think that black dudes have big dicks.

Is it if it's positive? Is it pot is like a positive attribute racist? Like if you said Asian people are better at math people would say that's racist. How is it racist? If they're really good at something? Like if they have more talent, or skill or more accomplishments hasn't racist? Like this? Isn't that racial? If it's good?

Right, like Jews accept it. If you tell Ari, that more European Jews won Nobel science prizes, he's like, of course, we're smarter. Is it? Is it racist? To talk about how many Jews are so fucking smart? Like, why is that why they say god damn smart. If you think about how many German and European Jews were like fucking serious geniuses. It's it's a crazy trend. Like what happened over there? Callum was trying to explain it to me once, but the values and their education and experiences and what led to just Google the numbers of European Jews that have won Nobel science prizes. It's kind of like it's eye opening. You know? How many guineas from New Jersey? 00 guineas from New Jersey when it's science right? None of my relatives when science projects gonna stop a couple of weeks ago. It was hard to look. Oh, is it? Yeah, what did European Jews that have won the Nobel science prize? Try that. I don't know.

I don't even know what those numbers are. I'm talking on my ass. I know that. It's I've definitely heard it discussed that there was a giant number. What are you doing over there Joey Dennis.

Me sure my wife doesn't text me and let me know what body I need to be at. Oh Fourth of July baby this is our our country's birthday. Is a time that we should cherish.

I think we should play the national anthem. Maybe later. We got

we got to play the national anthem real quick. They have on this morning my my house I loved it. I fucking love it. So how was your experience doing your Netflix special?

Everything was great. Netflix I take my hat's off to them. Everything was great. It was my fuckup it was my fuckup I let it get into my head too much. I listened to too many people and I forgot the number

One thing

just be funny

that it be yourself. Doesn't matter I'd be how many shows Did you film to?

First of all, I think was a disaster. The second one, I redeemed myself a little bit, we'll put something together and we'll save something.

So now I'm working really hard like now I'm now going back to my old roots. I want to do my stand up again. It's hard when you know, even though I have two shows, and only two shows is Tom What bullshit Yeah, more, no more. Listen, this has nothing to do with me. I'm a stand up comic.

That's what I signed up for.

What do I got left? I'm 55 oil left the don't stand up another 10 years. Maybe? I got to stop now. You're gonna shut me down now. Now, here's where we get started.

Here's where we get started.

We got to we got doors. What do you think about do you think about ever stopping doing stand up? Because I do occasionally I think about and then I take a flight back with dice from New York and I look at dice. Before I approach them. I sit down and look at them

from 10 feet away for 10 minutes. And I think to myself, is this what I want to be doing at that age? And I think about what what would we be doing?

But we'd be doing you really want to be around your wife and your daughters. Every fucking weekend. For every fucking week. You're already used to leaving one weekend at least.

You're already used to it.

There's going to be a casino. Some reason to pay you once a month to leave the house. But to that if you would you be happy with your act if you're only going out once a month. Like if you weren't going up and practice and going out once a month could be awful. But

I'm saying you're still hosting the pizza place on Wednesday nights. And you're still let's pretend you move to fucking Columbus, Ohio. Okay, okay to Columbus, Ohio, Miss Ohio. And you work the funny bone once a year. Right? And you do your little pizza open mic somewhere down the corner a couple of nights a week. They look he was the older guy. They all came up looking at comedy watching. You know, they listen to you. You know, when I started in comedy I started the guy's name was George McKelvey

and George McKelvey was a really special guy, Joe Joe, because he had been on The Tonight Show with with

whatever, as a comic as a stand. And that's the fucking Epitome for one of us whether he became Richard Pryor or not, he was on. What's his name? Come on, fucking helped me. I have no idea Tonight Show Johnny Carson, Johnny Carson, they did stand up and Johnny put them on the couch. You know, the drill. I mean, George McKelvey was the real deal. When George was 70. I'll never forget, he called me one night. He's like, hey, what do you don't get I go, I'm sitting. He goes drive to Colorado Springs. And get on stage open up me. I go, I can't get on that stage. Because the famous manager that was at that at that club at the time, wouldn't let you get on the stage unless you took the comedy class for 35 bucks. That was a scam.

I'll waive it. So he drew me out on stage. And this old guy liked me. That old guy had no career basically, he did the local places. He owned two clubs. And he worked a couple of clubs that hired him still. He died on the road or whatever. My point being that he helped me a lot. As an old guy, like I looked at them. And I first my first opinion of him was on the look of this old loser. No, he wasn't an old loser. He had been doing it for 30 years he committed to this. And no matter what his turnout was, or whatever, he was still a comic. He died a comic. I talked to him maybe 20 years until he died. I lost contact with him. Well, George Carlin died on the road. Yeah, greatest of all time. I don't want to die on the road. And I know you don't want to die on the road. No, but I can't. For years. I thought I wouldn't be doing this at 50 Guess what? I'm 55 and I'm still you're not just doing it this is what's important. You're still letting it swing. You're still having fun and doing a lot of crazy shit that gets you in a lot of trouble today this is what I brought up with we were talking about the you know air quotes me to era people going after people today for good or for bad and to still have a wild controversial act in this politically what do you hold on one second? What is what are we going after me two people for for me taking me in the back grabbing you Teddy's grabbing your purse your for you sucking my dick for a movie role? Or for something like that. All those things really don't exist in my life. Right? I have a wife and I have a child. They don't exist. If you want to come at me for sucking my dick and night and 2002 We were both both doing blow God Be my guest Be my guest but I want to see polish. I can't be I'm see I'm sorry. And take it and just you know, I'm saying yeah, there's a lot of people out there. They're gonna get me to look at this other guy. For years. He was known as a heroin addict. Never got accused of

Sexual Misconduct as some chick said she he molested when he was 11 years old. And now he's like, You need that. You need that. And the chicks on drugs. She's doing the press conference while she's on drugs. What's his name rather than one? The guy that was in heat that De Niro put them in the rehab himself, and then he married Heidi Fleiss for a while. Who was one how many flights from Tom we had? That guy has been a junkie for 2000 years. All of a sudden, I can't remember his last name Sizemore sighs all of his sized some girl comes up with 26 twitching. Yeah, he molested me on the movie set when I was 11. That's great. And then the dog, but you can't ruin somebody's life now. But what do you think is happening? This is my question. Like why are why are people accepting these these situations like the Chris Hardwick situation or why is everybody instantly thinking that the guy's guilty? No one giving him a benefit of doubt no court? No justice court there's no nothing and in some some cases like the worst case was Garrison Keillor Garrison Keillor is the host of the Lake Wobegon Chronicles like this radio show on PBS? I think it is, is that what it is? He apparently hugged a woman and his hand went down her back. This is this is the depiction and he apologized to her. And he sent her an email she said don't worry about it's no big deal. It was nothing. And then they continued, I believe to correspond. And we're friends again. And then this, all this stuff started happening with Al Franken. And then he had this complaint brought up by this woman, she re introduced it. And so that a long time ago, he put his hand on my back. And they canceled his show. They took his name off of it. And they did it like really quickly. And it's one of those things where he just go, okay, really, like the guy in one moment in time touches someone's back. I don't know if it was creepy or not. Let's assume it was a terrible error. And it was creepy. I don't think it was. I don't know. I'm not saying I know.

But that's it. Just touching someone's back. And you that is a hysterical reaction. That is hysteria. That's almost the definition of hysteria. You're not talking about an evil person talking about a person to touch someone's back. Like we got to be real careful with what you destroy a person's whole life with. So on the one side, you have the worst case scenario, which is like Bill Cosby, who's drugging people and raping people. So worst case scenario for these powerful elite type people that are getting these women into their web and

he's another one, which they were all in on it and everybody knew about it. They knew about written into his contract. It was a sexual harassment clauses were in his contract. Right? Wasn't that it was known for years. Sure, we're correct soundbite we read Harvey under that bothers me about Harvey. Bosley about Harvey. What we got indicted everybody. It's a lot of people that have been debated and this is one of my feelings. My feeling right now that this would be a this should be a RICO act. This is a RICO act. agents, managers. Oprah Eddie, because everybody knew everybody. Question How much? Listen, everybody knew in 2005. Everybody knew Joe Diaz was a coke fan. That's a different thing, though. It's a stain. Let's pretend. But same thing. Okay, but let coke Joe Diaz is a coke fiend. It's 2007 Joe Diaz comes to a party house. There's two cell phones missing.

Okay, let me let me say this, though. Do you think that it's possible that his behavior was shielded from some of the people that he interacted with, like Hillary Clinton, or Oprah or Bill Clinton or whoever, whoever that was that they some high profile people that he interacted with? Is it possible they didn't know? Is it possible? They just thought it was a pussy hound? No. Or do you think they all know he was a pussy hound? And they heard little chitter chatter, but it's okay. It's okay. They would just let him join. That's number one. That's crazy. Number two, Jamie, you ready for this? Oh, Jesus. Okay, I see Joe, whatever. Not now. But probably five years ago.

I see Joe and the first thing I do is Joe, before you leave, don't forget about that yesterday.

What was that story on me about about Benson Henderson's choke

about a joke that somebody said the store no other place I went to.

And some chick took me in the back and shook my deck under the car and then she stuck her finger in my acid. That's what we talked about. So if that's what we talked about, you're gonna look me in the fucking face like a man that you are in the men that you've been around and told me Harvey Weinstein never turned to Brad or his other bodies and listen

remind me to tell you the story about that dirty fucking battle.

For sure. Okay that for sure. Did anybody that was that that been admitted? I think they've had conversations. Oh my god, if you don't think that the wig Ben Affleck and the other guy, I'm not offended. No, but I'm just talking boys. Were boys, right? Yes. What you won't say to Jamie, you will say to maybe you're going to watch blind date? No, I've never watched a movie blind. This movie blind crackers going off. And there's a movie named blind date with Bruce Willis. Oh, I remember that movie. And Kim Bassinger hilarious. Kim Baskin just steals the show. When she walks in the Japanese lady. She's like, you know, you're entitled to 50% of your husband's assets in California. And the Chinese woman kept saying may not speak English may not speak English and doesn't yield even 10 50%. And she opens up the door 50% 50% That movie is a great movie. But this has seen the opening of that movie. Both of those actors are around where the guy comes up to me. He goes, you're not going to believe what happened last night. And Bruce Willis goes, Hey, we go one of these fucking sex stories again. And he goes, so I'm at Spa goes, I have dinner. I walk out and some lady pulls up on the limo. And I say, I've never been on a limo and she goes, we'll get in and we're riding down Sunset hard times in the summer. And next thing you know, she's sucking my dick. She's got leotards on, eat harass, and he's telling the story and Bruce Willis listening. He goes, No, no. Why does this always happen to you? This is some other bullshit.

And he goes in his pocket he starts whipping out Polaroids

that I've always known one of those guys in my life. Of course, we've all known one guy in my life. That is the difference between that guy and what Harvey Weinstein believes stuff. Yeah, I know that. But I also believe that Harvey Weinstein was telling people he probably was because listen for everybody to tell him was he telling them that he was holding people down? What do they usually tell him? Was he telling him he's raping pieces of pizza? No, not at all. Do you think that he did? Well, she's a piece as she's a piece of ass. You got to see her suck a dick. Right? She'll do anything. She's an animal. That's what we do as men, we're braggadocio. So there was like a community of that were actors and actresses. I think he had four or five guys that knew what he was doing. I want you to remember being 27

and having for you boys that would come back every Monday with a different story to karate school. Yeah.

I ate rice. I fucked her on fire. Whatever. The funny thing is that you do he told somebody somebody knew about all these stories. Some agents knew somebody because for for the 100 of them that said no and whatever. That had to be 25 He was playing the percentages, Joe? Well, definitely, in fact, a lot of people said yes, they blame that one girl. That that one girl that did rounders. They accused her. Yeah, I heard that. That played Matt Damon's girlfriend. She was She went from being an extra and fucking Donnie Brasco to being a guest on opposite fuckin Yeah, if you watch Donnie Brasco. She's what's his name? Sonny blacks girlfriend? And I'm in line she hasn't that movie

00

SmartMove and then a year later, she's a fucking guest. Yeah, opposite.

So that said yeah, do you what do you fault the girl for doing that? Over girl decides to jog army wants to go on her own free will when we come here with a dream.

And there's two ways to enhance that dream. As either I always knew that I wasn't good looking. I always knew I was fat now isn't always are radio, hard to listen to. But I always knew that I was funny. So I always worked on being funny. I didn't think somebody was gonna let me suck their dick or eat their pussy to be a star. So that was never in my mind. But think about people. How many people have you met with Sal there? So in this town, how many people have come and gone in front of you? The reason why our friendship is still intact is because you know I'm on work, you know, always hard work. You respect hard work. How many times have you pulled me aside and said look at his fucking clown. And you're not trying to be judgmental. You just know that he's pulling the wool over somebody's eyes. We know who's talking to talk and we know who's walking the walk. We see it on stage. We hear about it. We don't need Twitter or Facebook. Hear about it. We get to that club. The club owner, Joe Joey was here two weeks ago. He was falling asleep on stage. You know, he is shit. Right? So it's the same day.

Yeah, no, I think so. I think

I think what's one of the things that standup is good for is that it's, it's an exercise you're doing while you're living your life.

And the better stand up gets, it's usually a better indication that you're thinking better. Like your your life's more in order you more tuned in, you know, you're doing stuff that's hitting harder, because you've got better points, you know how to edit it better. And usually that that the you can use that I think it's like, remember, see, remember that movie mo better blues, Denzel Washington. I love that movie. It's one of the things I loved about that movie, I got inspired to work on my act after that movie. I was like, think about how much musicians practice. He was just, oh, he's practicing. And these girls, these hot girls want to fuck? And you're like, No, no, right now, I gotta practice, I gotta practice, I was like, Damn that discipline, crazy discipline that that man has to play that trumpet and practice it over and over again. And it made me really think like, as a comic, we don't work like that. We don't have to rehearse all day, you know, we don't really rehearse at all. But musicians, like a really good musician. I mean, they're always working, they're always trying and training and working on their craft. And we do it on stage in front of people, probably more than a lot of musicians do unless they're, you know, constantly regular touring. But it's we don't, we don't have that kind of a work ethic attached to what we do. Like if you want to play a phenomenal trumpet, those guys their breath control and the way that can blow those horns, man, they practice all the time, they put in hours and hours working on that. And I was thinking about, like, that's a different kind of craft, it's a different kind of craft, the ability to play musical musical instrument, the thing about stand up that becomes a problem sometimes is that it's kind of, you can kind of pull it off, like you could do it really well, or you can kind of pull it off. And to kind of pull it off, you don't need a whole lot of effort. You just need a few good subjects and a few good ways of expressing it. But to get that where you can kind of pull it off and turn it into a bit that just smashes a bit that you put it in, you can't wait to get to that punch line because you know, it's gonna be a nuclear bomb. That's where the real work comes in. And I think for a lot of us, it's the difference between how much energy you put towards anything, whether it's your stand up comedy, or painting or whatever the fuck you do, how much energy you put towards your writing how much energy to put towards thinking about it, the more you can do, the better it's going to be. And that's a fundamental thing that nobody ever tells you. People tell you, you should write. But it's not just that you should write, you should also listen to your shit, you should also perform but the whole key to it all, is just applying different kinds of focus towards your act. And if you look at like a movie, like mo better blues, like he's doing that, but

he's playing that fucking trumpet and you realize, like, this guy is like lost in the act of practicing this beautiful musical instrument. And this is his craft, and he takes pride in being excellent at his craft, he could just hang around all day and still probably blow an awesome tune at night. But no, he fucking practices. And I remember thinking about that going down. That's probably something that's missing from the lives of most stand ups. And I should probably try to think about that more with my own life. I love I love the writing, and I love the performing. I hate the listening. Yeah, that's a hard part. Listen, this is very rough for me. And I listen, I forced myself in before this special. I forced myself to listen a lot. And it made me to fucking over critical.

You know, got me to over fucking critical. A week before I tape I also went to places that I didn't put my name on the gazebo just to see how my jokes would do in front of regular people. And that fucked up my head a little bit. I made a lot a couple of little mistakes in training camp. But that's a training camp before. Don't want it. Yes, no, I agree. Listen, I've been doing this for 27 years. I love doing it. I get better every fucking year. My breathing I get something better going up on stage or confidence levels and talk it's 27 fucking years. You're gonna be doing it 30 this year? Yep. Next month is gonna be 30 fucking years. Did you ever

see yourself doing this for 30 years I still remember walking into the

main room and Mitzi was in a booth and Paul was on stage slicing that room apart and she called me over she goes That's what happens when even though income he had 20 years. And at that time, I was like damn, I've been doing comedy for 11 I still got another nine

now I'm at 27 crazy and it's like you watch people like John jock right? Who will fuck you up effortlessly? Without even breathing heavy John Jocko you go there you'll be in you'll get that fucking hell you think you got him in the fucking guillotine? Next thing you know you're on your back looking up your arm and

and that's what kind of we're doing right now. I feel myself

When I see a guy with a quarrel beltline I'm like, That's the level now that we're at. I can control a lot of shit. Joe, one of your secrets was following me was putting yourself in bad positions. Yeah. Which in jujitsu is like getting the biggest guy in the room and go, Hey, you busy right now? Did I tell you on the road with me? They'd be like, What the fuck is wrong and on top of me and just choke me. You take me on the road is like somebody going, Hey, come here for a second. What do you weigh? 300 I weigh 140 get on top of me. And a mouth? I'd put one hand. We'll start there. Yeah, let's start right there. Yeah, start right fucking there. But only, only if you think about it that way. See, this is what's what was important about it. There's one one thing that's important about traveling with all really funny people, it only becomes a negative when you think at it as a negative. When someone's funny, you should be laughing and enjoying it. And it makes your time more enjoyable when you go on stage. Yes, it does. I needed to learn that. And the way I learned that one of the ways was go on the road with you. I knew that you were going to crush. And so I knew that everybody else would like to take you know, we were both relatively young in our comedy careers back then. Right? So it was like we're talking about I've been doing comedy maybe nine years or eight years, you were a lot wiser about the game like you introduced me to shit. I had never even like I read a few books and watched a few tapes. But you had the practical knowledge that I needed. Like you were the VO tech school. Well, what I did is I thought about the same way I thought about martial arts. That's one of the reasons why I wanted to go on the road with you all the time. I was like you don't get better or sparring people that suck. You get better when you spar with wizards. You got to be real careful when you're sparring with wizards. And so I was like, what I would need to do is have someone who goes on stage in front of me and just crushes. We had some I had some tough sets going on FTM at one time and rascals rascals in West Orange, right was in West Orange or East Orange, West, West Orange, New Jersey. Fucking great club, but you went up and you got into it with some people in the audience about something and you were just on fire just on fire. You crushed and I had a real hard time going on after you. And I remember thinking, Oh, okay, this is a very important lesson. Like this is important. Like, there's something that I'm not doing right that he is doing, right? Like, what am I? How come I'm not, Oh, I'm nervous. I'm nervous going on after him. So I'm not having fun up there. So he's having fun, and I'm being tense going, oh, Jesus is better not suck. So I'm putting in my head, this better not suck. It's the total wrong way to approach like, if you approached a fight like that, man, you're gonna get smashed. Most likely, you want to approach a fight, thinking about the things you're gonna do, not the things that you want to like, worry about what's gonna happen. If you get hit, you don't think like that. You just think about doing your thing and then adjusting along the way. And I had the wrong mindset. And I needed to see someone kill a bunch of times in front of me and then bomb go after them to realize, okay, something's wrong here. The wrong things. And I'm going on stage tense, because someone was funny. That's ridiculous. Like, I should be the opposite. I should be happy that someone was funny, because I love comedy. And this is what I like to do. I mean, I like to watch it if I'm not doing it. So why am I so tense? It's just a bad way of approaching a problem. And I think this is one of the things that fucks people up in life. You approach a problem the same way every time, and you never stop and just completely look at the whole thing from the top down. Just look at the whole thing. Go what, what am I trying to do here? I'm trying to get tighter and funnier and better. What do I gotta do? I got to do a lot of sets. I got to write, and I got to work with murderers. That was the key. It's like working with guys like you and all of us working together. And also people knew if they came to see us, like, hey, this isn't just going to be Joe goes up and he's the hero of the show. No, you're gonna get Ari, who's gonna go on and murder you're gonna go on and murder and then I'm gonna go up. I mean, it's a fucking Rockem sockem robots show we had. We went on the road, dude, we did college. I mean, clubs are either across the country. We did. I mean, who knows how many fucking cities you and I and Ari toured on fucking crazy numbers. Just over and over again bonding together hundreds of shows together, figuring out how to fucking get everything perfect. Figure out the right amount of weed to smoke before you go on stage. The right amount of getting Joey Diaz riled up. You would come in yelling about something or hair. Oh, I want you to see something. I'd go into the bathroom and it'd be a shit. It looks like a crocodile trying to crawl out of the toilet bowl.

All that stuff. That's some rock'n'roll comedy, man. You know, it helped both of us. It helped both of us a lot. And it also like set a tone that I think for a lot of us like you should be with funny people should all everybody should try hard. Should not like think that anybody doing good is bad for you. It's great. It's great for you. It's great for everybody. That everybody's like, doing good together is better for me.

Everybody when I go on the road now I go onto the road under those Joe Rogan principles.

i That's my whole road thing. The only thing I added to the only g condo I added to it is my travel. I'm in and out fast I don't fuck around. I rent a car. I don't want to see nobody. I'm in. Yeah, go right over there. You know, there's no radio necessary. I played just like you now.

Yeah, they'll try. Yeah, no, because they have relationships with local radio stations. They like you know, Casey wi wants to get you in there. Cool. I go in because you want to talk to the people. Yeah. On the way up the same people for sure. Way down. There's a lot of people that were there for me when I wasn't sorry. Yeah, that station. The problem is the waking up in the morning. What do you do? Just kills it just kills you. And you got to get in there a day earlier. Because if you want to do Friday morning, you got to get in there Thursday. Now you can't just show up Friday, three o'clock in the afternoon. I can't do it. I fly out Thursday at fucking 6am That's the best you got out of me. Right because I got the family and I got up we got a lot of shit. It's not like it used to be mad so but the thing that I love about like this time is that even though people are super sensitive, like we were talking about people were real sensitive about like getting in trouble for stuff. They're still rock them sock and robots comedy going on. It's still wild out there. Like dudes are still doing crazy fucking jokes. It's it's fun people taking real chances. They're doing real stand up. You know, and it's there's a lot of them. That's Bill Burr. There's you mean go down the list. Ari are he's doing some real stand up. You know, there's a bunch of real killers. Now Santino, he's doing some dangerous stand up. You know, he's on right now. I'm writing from my. That's it. Like the reason the point of that fucking story I told you. Being on top of that hill at 17 and being homeless is because I had a lot of chances to ice myself.

And while I had chances to ice myself, get out of fucking prison and thinking and get out on bail. When I got out on bail. I had a lot of fucking doubts my friend. Thank you getting a bail knowing you're going to look at 48 fucking years and you're a fucking loser as it is. Think of all those opportunities. I used to break into a friend's house to sleep in his house at night. I slept in a rocket ship. For a month outside of the park. You go to a park and see those rocket ships and your kids play on them. I still remember going up to the third floor the rocketship finishing off my coke and jerking off on the third floor at five in the morning outside in a fucking park with leaves around me and shit. There was a lot of times I had

to it's amazing. have no fucking idea I would go up to the third floor with a bottle of fucking Smirnoff silver vodka, a bag a hooded sweatshirt gloves with a missing finger

so I could fucking touch the rock and put them in my nose and shit.

You know? That's all that's all funny on the way up the stairs and shit but when you're when you come down and you're in that rocket ship, it's five in the morning and it's 20 Fucking two below zero

and you're just thinking to yourself fucking God took away my mother God did this. This is all God's fault because it's the same guy that I was raised to believe that was going to help me is doing all this. A lot of times I wanted to fucking do a swan dive. But I didn't you know itself I can where that was in those positions for a long time. Yeah. Now I got to look at you and go Jesus Christ. Look at like, Turner's No, no, Tina Turner, his son killed himself yesterday. It was an ice son though. I thought it was like son with it. You know, this trend the fucking people ice in themselves. That scares me and concerns me. Is this something we're eatin? Is it something that we're getting weak on? You know, there was no blue drugs on what Dane systems and we can't blame fucking prescription drugs. He was on one medication, some sort of medication.

It was something that was prescribed for him. Someone told me that it was malaria medication? I don't know. Probably I don't know if they've released that. But I'm sure he had to take some of that stuff sometimes. But, you know, you don't know what it was that did a man. I mean, what got into some people he really wasn't doing well. You know, I don't I don't know. I need to. I mean, it's almost unnecessary to get for me to get the full story. I missed the guy who's gone. That's it. You know, I mean, I don't need to. I think when whenever someone does something like that, whatever it is, if there's one thing that people could point to and say, Hey, there's a chemical that's responsible for this or there's a gene problems responsible for this or like, How could someone who's loved so much want to step out? I mean, that must be a terrible moment of paint to want to do it. I had them the oven on the computer, listen to music on YouTube. And you're right, right. And that just keeps playing songs and you know, you don't have no

control. I think I started with Lenin skin. Simple man. Right kept going into well, it's gonna trip and I went, I came back and at one point blow up the outside world.

And I'm sitting there and he says that line about going out of something. Joe Rogan, my lip started shaking like, oh, Mike, I don't even know this guy and I miss him. No, no, this guy. You want me to look you people tell you I know. I met Korea. I met Chris. I don't know. I don't know. I never I saw him one time at the Comedy Store. Six feet away from me, Chris Cornell. That's it. And I started crying. Like how could somebody like this go in a room and just ice themselves? Is this what I'm going to do? Because I'm in this fucking entertainment field. Because what happens?

And then I think about all these times, one time, I broke into my friend's house, and I broken the window and it was freezing. I couldn't even sleep in that room at asleep in the hallway. And there was a mattress on the wall that had like pistons from all the kids. And I pulled it down. I slept on it. And when I woke up, he had a dog and it was it was too cold. He just let the dog shit downstairs.

And there was like 20 pieces of little rolled up shit that had been like when the juice goes out of them. They just roll up once those things that he uses. Oregon accordion accordion, it was like a piece of shit shrinks like an accordion. When the moisture goes out of it, it really does. So if you take a shit that's this big, right and you put it in a box come back a week later. It's like his big How do I know that? Because I did it to a guy in prison. In the welfare box one time. Jesus has a box is a cheese with a cheese comes in American cheese. Yes, this dude had long hair will always try to play me like he was with the biker dudes.

Box for him. But he played he where he lived in to keep working in the kitchen. He forgot I ran the kitchen. And there was all me and black dudes. So one day, I got one of the welfare cheese boxes. And I took like a 2224 orange. It looks like a lizard. It was just a long, like, you know, then at the end, like what are those things that like a snail that's like a brown snake. And I fit it perfectly into this cheese box. And I took a flag of the American flag like from the cheese and I put it on and I put it this draw every night. And he had the first bunk on the way out so that everybody had a walk. And all the black guys would open the door and go god damn smells like shitting this motherfucker. And he kept saying I know it does. I don't know why it's and I was like shitting it and after like a month when they went draw. Everybody kept saying man it smells like shit. Then he went in this drawer open that up and he found this box. He opened it up and I never forget him knocking on my bunk going I'm going to find out who did this to me like what they do to you. And he goes look at this and like what is it and I knew it was shit. shrunken down from the 24 inches to like six inches. It just shrunk down when all the moisture goes out. It just shrunk down like fucking

I don't even know why I'm telling you that story. It's hilarious story. That's fucking crazy. It's a hilarious story.

These are fun times Joey Diaz. I think we're the last of the regular humans think we got our children's generation maybe one more after that and I really do believe it's over I think we're going to integrate with fucking computers I think we're real close to it now can even go whole podcast but looking at our fallen hose the time is it you know it's weird.

We're going to integrate with computers we're going to all be living in some weird world we got this fucking Virtual Reality thing here now the HTC Vive should try this thing out it was freaky THE FUCK OUT you think you're another place you there's zombie games and games where you're you're on top of a castle defending the castle shooting arrows down at monsters that are coming at you.

We're went into a weird world right now Joey Diaz computer that's too much information genre too. That's part of these things too much and from what listen on this thing I do not have social media good for you. You do know that I don't only have Twitter on it. Oh that social media I don't have Facebook I don't have nothing but that is social media. My bit my Hotmail Hotmail oh my gosh nobody even Pete When I tell people Hotmail they go What the fuck you talk so you limit your into your interaction? That's it. That's smart living my interaction on the road the iPad? No social media. I'm convinced we're gonna Blix and a writing app on my iPod. That's it. What do you use for writing app? Whatever app came with it writing whatever it has sections so I have Jones books. I have chapters this dad thoughts I'm working on is it notes? Is that what you write on? I don't know when it's because like they it looks like yellow paper. No, no, no, no, no notes I have on the phone right?

I write on here from time to time, but nothing too far, but you write it on something that's on your iPad. Yeah. So what I do is, I write on a notebook in the mornings. And then once I take the baby to whatever, I go to the coffee shop and transfer it if I really like it to the iPad, and I work on it from there. And then I look at the whole thing as a whole now instead of in a notebook, and I don't know my spelling, and I can't remember what that word was. The social media part is the big part of all this that I'm talking about is that we're just getting closer and closer to each other in some weird ways. This is gonna be nothing compared to the next wave, whatever the next wave is what they really do figure out a way to integrate either virtual reality or what they call an augmented reality. What you'll wear a pair of sunglasses, and you could have Google Maps sitting up on it. They can Google things you can see images give you navigation. It's gonna get real weird. Joey see Joe Rogan. I'm still a fan of life. Me too. And it bothers people. And it bothers me when somebody is not a fan of life, so I don't want them around me anymore. Who's not a fan of life? A lot of people we forgot. Really? We've forgotten. Yeah, too many cameras. Yeah, too many pictures. Too many videos. Listen, I was raised in a society. You don't see too many. really talk to me to find pictures of me as a young kid.

Really? Yeah, there's not a lot of pictures taken back to society where no one I came from a society would put the camera away. Right. Good. What's that for? This apart? The camera? Yeah. Why but but the camera? Well, we need more of that backstage. Right. Like my way. You know, we live you know, I'm a stern believe I don't like text messages. Not because I'm a prick or a douchebag. I want to hit Joe Rogan's voice. No, we've talked some people, I don't want to hear your fucking voice. I want to hear your voice. Because I know what you're thinking. If I hear your voice. It can I care about I care about you, too. So I want to hear your voice. I always tell people that I love that thing that you do. Like you don't want to have that. You're like my one friend. The only time I ever text you is if you text me first. Yeah, I'll text you back. But I call you we talk on the phone, you have to check in you have to have that you. You have to be as human this days. I don't have nothing on my books. You know, I don't want to do comedy. But guess what I'll do. I'll push myself. I'll be sure. And I'll push myself to go row. Because that's human contact.

And it's it's, it's it's the most positive human contact you'll ever have. Right?

Think about it. Yeah, you roll on the street. We're fighting about something. But me it knuckles and I grab your gear and I pull you into the fun and the fucking, that's his human time. So I know I'm not going to do this. And I'm not gonna do that. Tonight. I'm gonna rant a little bit. Maybe spend some time with the girls. Maybe I'm gonna take the girls for dinner. But I also know that I'm gonna make myself have that human contact of jujitsu. You all you gay Joey, you're just a closet fan. Because you're rolling with men. That's great. But I had human contact. I had an emotion. I shook hands with the guy. The guy sweat on me and I sweat on a man. Yeah. Which builds a certain type of emotion between two men. And then now I have to be homosexual. That's a different type of fucking man. It really is. It is when you stop what you're doing. And go Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Get the dog. And while you're teaching me something, I'm sweating on my fat fucking potato chip sweat is sweating on Joe Rogan's neck. But you're going Joey, grab my neck die. Ah, squeeze. There you go. Now do that to me next time. You know what that does to your psyche as a man

that a man that's beating you is teaching you how to let get out. So Joe, I got you in this guillotine but stick in there. Going You're sweating. And you're like

I'm Kai. Don't just put your hand in there one time. Just squeeze

the joe joe joe you fucking kill him and Jesus. That's a complete different part of a man. I think so too. I think that that your body like it's good for you. The human contact it also alleviates the tension of like men have tension that they might get into a physical altercation. You don't think that way if you do great you relaxed walking people are scared of vitamin D this society scared people of sunlight. You got to get on the sun a little bit that depression. This depression people talking about again? Turns out to be depressed. You know many times I've had opportunities to call you up and go I'm depressed. I get depressed for 10 fucking minutes right then I smoked this dude salutes and expired fucking Chiba Chu. And I think it's something that you said and I left my fucking ass off. You know, on the way up here I was high the fuck. And they used to be this guy that used to fuck me at a body shop as a detailer used to fuck me every day. couldn't beat him up. He's a lot bigger than I would

So how to use my mind. So I saw a dead mouse one day. I took his jacket pocket. And he was driving to work one morning and he went to his pocket for a cigarette. He found the mouse and he crashed his car

until we were at almost like four hours. All right, let's get

let's get the fuck out. I love you. Thank you very much for having me.

Val is sold out Utah's sold that I'm in Kansas City with you. I'm at the Improv while you're in the theater.

Gentlemen, and then I'm in Nashville in Huntsville, Alabama at the end. But besides that, I'm home. It was a pleasure seeing you look great. I love you to take your offer up and we'll train them we'll have Jamie

will come in. We'll do a cycle of the different cardiovascular machines. And then we'll do a circuit of the cardiovascular machines to do a circuit of like some kettlebell exercises. would do can you do chin ups? Do you do chin ups now has your shoulder terrible terrible. Okay. Have you ever done clubs? You've done club? Yes.

We sent me clubs. I did a little crane club workout. Friday. I'm gonna see my man Joe Schilling and shit beautiful little tune up from Uncle Joe. Beautiful, beautiful. A bunch of shit on here. We got Madison balls and yeah.

Have a nice workout. Okay, thank you so much. Come down here man. We could do that. What kind of usually get here. I know you dropped the girls off and then you shoot right over a lot of times. I come here early and workout but sometimes I can't do until the afternoon but we'll work something out. We'll do some shit. And thank you for the experience of Disneyland Jesus fucking Christ, bro. It's fun, right?

But just the way you told me to do it. Like I looked at it. My wife's like, what are you crazy? I go listen. The man says there's only one way to do it. I invited my brother Eddie. We had a great time with the kids. Yeah, heard it was awesome. Heard was awesome. And thank you, brother. Thank God for some place like Disneyland when you have kids when you when you didn't have kids who gives a fuck about Disneyland. But when you have kids, it's like, oh, I tell you they stopped me at the gate because they found them that you did tell me

to go back and throw it out and then I ate half of it and the guy goes I didn't see you.

I love you. Thank you.

Hello, Jordan Peterson Hello, Mr. Rogan. very spiffy today. Thank you, sir. This is a new look for you. You're you've been rocking these a lot of these big, gigantic. What do you call those things? These concerts you guys are doing? What do you speeches? Well, lectures discussions is what I think of them as Yeah, yes, I'm discussing. I mean, you might think it's kind of perverse to be discussing with a 3000 person audience, but it's not because if you pay attention to the audience, they're constantly in the individuals in the audience. They're constantly providing feedback. So it's a discussion as far as I'm concerned, feedback in applause. Laughter. Sometimes they shout things out to shuffling, shuffling. Yeah, well, really what you want, if you're on track, if you're where you should be, then it's dead silent. And everyone's focused and listening. And so if that's not happening, I mean, you know, there can be laughter and that kind of thing. But generally speaking, you don't want to hear noise from the audience. So if you're, if you're on if you're pursuing a complicated topic, and you're paying attention, and I'm always looking at individual people in the audience, you know, in the first few rows, because that's all I can see, because of the lights. I'm trying to make sure that everyone's on track with the talk. And you know, there's people gesture with their face, and they gesture with their eyes, and they shake their head, and they nod, and there's lots of things to pick up. And if you're not speaking with notes, you can really pay attention to the audience. And then you know, if you're in the dialogue, and that's where everyone wants to be. Yeah, it's an interesting thing you're doing because you have experience in doing that with lecturers and colleges and universities. But now it's the general public. And people just pay to see it. And you fill up these huge, gigantic theaters. I mean, I've seen some of the places that you guys are doing. You and Sam just got done doing one and Vancouver and she huge places to to this. Yeah. Back to Back. And, yeah, so it was about five hours of intense discussion over two days. And, you know, we were supposed to talk for an hour each night and then go to q&a. But we asked the audience, Brett Weinstein, who was moderating, ask the audience if they wanted to go to QA or continue the discussion, and, you know, the response from the crowd was definitely continued the discussion and so we ended up talking for about two and a half hours each night. And again, it was the audience's along for the ride. You know, when they were good discussions, as far as I'm concerned, you know, it was kind of marketed as a takedown in some sense, Harris versus Peterson. Right. But the discussion itself was an attempt on Sam's part and my part to further our thinking about the topic and to bring everyone along for the ride, you know, for the journey, so to speak. Yeah. Well, you guys had two podcasts that you did over the phone. So this these were the first meetings that you guys had in person? Yeah, it was the first time I've met Sam, the first one that you two had was marred by this discussion about what is truth? Yep. And it was a Lex a strange, sort of a,

you got stuck, you guys got kind of stuck in that first conversation. But I felt like the second one was much better. Yes. He maybe both of you kind of recognized. There were some errors made in the first podcast, we augered in on a definition. And yeah, I didn't go. And so that wasn't so good. Yeah, and I wasn't in tip top shape for that first discussion while or for the second one for that matter. But they've been getting each discussion I've had with Sam has been getting better. So as far as I'm concerned, and I think he feels the same way. And I mean, we're trapped, we're trying to sort something out. That's really, really difficult. And it's the relationship between facts and values, which is parallel to the relationship between, say, objective truth and, and narrative or parallel to the distinction between scientific fact and religious truth. All of those things sort of are layered on top of each other. And it's an extraordinarily difficult topic. And so it's not surprising that it's taking all of this discussion to even vaguely get it straight. It's been a central bone of contention among philosophers for well, probably forever. But certainly since the time of, of David Hume, several 100 years. Well, one of the more fascinating things is coming out of the realm of podcasting is these kinds of discussions, these long form live discussions in front of enormous groups of people where you go over very complex issues. It's a new thing. I mean, and it's, it's something that's greatly received by the public, which is really interesting. I mean, you guys are selling out all over the place. Yeah. Well, 111 I've really been trying to make sense of this a because I'm thinking well, what the hell's going on? Why Why am I selling out 3000 person auditoriums and then and then but not just me. Obviously, Sam is doing it and you're doing something on larger scale, but very similar with your long form podcasts and

And, and then there's this whole rise of what Barry Weiss described as the intellectual dark web. That's actually Eric Weinstein's coinage. And so there's a group of us that have been sort of clumped together for reasons that aren't obvious. But I've been trying to figure that out as I do these lectures. Now, the thing I'm doing with the lectures or the discussions is trying to continually further the development of my ideas, I use the

stage, let's say, as a as a opportunity in real time to think and I've been thinking, Well, if you're surfing, you don't confuse yourself with the wave. Right? That's, that's a real mistake, you might be on top of the wave, but you're not the wave. And I think this long form discussion, and the public hunger for that is best conceptualized like that there's a technological revolution, it's a deep one, the technological revolution is online video, and audio, immediately accessible to everyone all over the world. And so what that's done is it turned its turn the spoken word into a tool that has the same reach as the printed word. So it's a Gutenberg revolution in the domain of video and audio. And it might be even deeper than the original Gutenberg revolution, because it isn't obvious how many people can read. But lots of people can listen. And now it turns out, so I mean, you got a little bit of that with TV, right? And you got a little bit of it with radio, but there was bandwidth limitations that were really stringent, especially in TV where you could get 30 seconds, if you were lucky in six minutes, if you were stellar, to to elucidate a complicated argument. So you can't do that everything gets compressed to a kind of oversimplified entertainment. But now all of a sudden, we have this forum for long form discussion, real long form discussion, and turns out that everyone is way smarter than we thought. Right? We can have these discussions publicly, and there's a great hunger for it. And I see this parallel. So and this would be, what would you call it supporting evidence for this hypothesis? The same things happened in the entertainment world, because, you know, TV made us think, well, we can handle a 20 minute sitcom, or maybe we can handle an hour and a half made for TV movie. But then Netflix came along, and HBO was well, with the bandwidth restrictions gone. And all of a sudden, it turned out that no, no, we can handle 40 hour complex, multi layered narratives where the character shift, where the complexity starts to reach the same complexity as great literature. And there's a massive market for it. And so it turns out that we're smarter than our technology revealed to us. And I think those of us who've been placed in this intellectual Dark Web group, you know, there's some things we have in common, we more or less have independent voices, because we're not beholden to any corporate masters except peripherally. And we've been operating in this long form space. And the technology has facilitated that. And so all of a sudden, it turns out that there's more to people than we thought, and thank God for that I'm struggling with.

I want to, I don't want to use the word hate. There seems to be

a non acceptance or a resistance to the idea that anything of quality could come out of this group of people. It's really interesting to me. And I'm wondering why when I listen to you speak, or SAM, or Eric, or any of these people, Ben or Dave, and I hear very interesting points. And I'm like, why are people resisting that? These are interesting points. Why are they resisting this? And I think there's a lot of people that are beholden to mainstream organizations, whether it's newspapers, or magazines, or television shows that feel trapped, I think they feel trapped by this format that they're stuck in. It's a very limiting format. And it's a format that in my opinion, is like, mean, it might as well be smoke signals, or ham radio or something. It's fucking it's dumb. You know, this, this idea of, you're gonna go to commercials every 15 minutes. And, you know, and in between you have 15 people arguing, I mean, I watched a panel on CNN once and I think we counted 10 people that were trying to talk during this five minute segment, Mike, who, what genius thought that it would be a good idea to get 10 people struggling for airtime barking over each other. No one's saying anything that makes any sense because everybody's talking over and trying to stand out and trying to say the most outrageous things. And I'm seeing like some of the resistance to this when we span I mean, pretty far, you know, from Sam and I lean more left and Ben leans more, right. And you're what you would call a classic liberal and Eric's very difficult to define and Brett is fiercely progressive. I mean, these are the Breton particularly very left wing guy, but this desire to label and to have this diminishing label is like, all right, or you know,

The right wing or fascist is, it's very strange to me. And well, there's a couple of things going on. I think

one of them is that the technological transformation that I laid out, and then the other is that I do believe that, especially for the radical leftist types, the whole notion of free speech among individuals is not only anathema, but also something that isn't possible within their framework of reference. I've been trying to think this through very carefully, because, you know, free speech, in some sense, has become identified as a right wing issue. And I thought, well, how the hell did that happen? And then I thought, Oh, yes, well, if you're radically left, and you're playing the identity politics game, there's actually no such thing as free speech, because you're only the mouthpiece of your group, whether you know it or not. So you don't get to talk as Joe Rogan, you get to talk as like Joe Rogan, patriarchal white guy. That's it. And your audiences aren't a reflection of your own opinions as an individual, but they're an attempt on your part, whether you know it or not to justify your position in the power hierarchy. And so, everything right now, this is where the technology and the death of the mainstream media, and this and this political polarization all unite everything is turned into a political conversation in the in the mainstream media, and media, and it has to be cast as left versus right. And if you're criticizing the left, then all of a sudden, you're right and right wing. And it has to be about politics. It's like, well, it doesn't have to be about politics, it could be about philosophy. It doesn't have to be cast in political terms. And, and then it's also subjected to a form of, of, well, it's made more stupid than it has to be by these terrible bandwidth limitations. Like, I mean, I've been on mainstream TV talk shows, and it's very strange experience, because you're definitely content. You know, Marshall McLuhan said, the medium is the message, right? The medium shapes the dialogue, and it doesn't in great in great in a tremendous way, powerful way. You go on a TV talk show, and maybe it's an hour long, something like that. There's five guests, and you've got your eight minutes, something like that. And you have to be bright and chipper and entertaining and intelligent, sort of glitzy. And it puts that facade of momentary Charisma on you. And if you don't play that out, you actually fail. Right? Because he can't start a long form discussion when you've got six minutes. And if you're trying to talk about something that's that's deep and difficult, while you want to talk about it, because you've got the access, then the opportunity, but you've got your, your six minutes, you can't help but turn into sort of a glitzy entertainer. And so it cheapens everything. And then the other thing that I think is happening is that as the mainstream media Television in particular dies, the quality people are starting to desert, like rats leaving a seat sinking ship, I guess they're good rats, if the quality people but

and then the there's ever more enticement to use clickbait journalism to attract a diminishing portion of the remaining audience. You know, it's like, one of the things that's happened. So if you look at the five major indices of violent crime in the United States, they've declined by 50% in 25 years, it's absolutely beyond comprehension. It's so good. This includes violent gun crime, by the way. And yet, the reports of violence in media have gone up and up and up and up. Think well, what's going on? It's like, well, it's it's its clickbait. It's the it's the equivalent of clickbait. And then to turn everything into a polarized political discussion takes no real intellectual energy. But it's also driven by the death spiral of the classic media, I think. And I think that's actually why the polarization seems to be so acute. Now, some of it is genuine. But some of it is.

Some of it is the consequence of this underlying technological transformation and the death throes of the smoke. signalers. Fundamentally, what you're talking about when you're when you're saying, people, especially radical leftists have to concede certain points whenever they discuss things that this is so true and so important, because you see that play out over and over again, there's very little variation from the official narrative when they talk about important subjects, or controversial subjects, and whatever they are, whether it's, you know, transgender rights or whatever, whatever's in the news, that's, that's big, and you know, that it's very popular right now. There's these these certain things that you're not allowed to deviate from. And that that's an insanely restrictive perspective and it who's establishing these norms? Like who's a staff question, man? Yeah, who I blame. I blame the universities in large part for this the activist disciplines, but that's only a partial answer, because the universities are also responding to legislation like Title Nine, so and, and so and so they've been driven into the title nine for people. So Title Nine, Title Nine originally was just a piece of legislation that that ensured that women would have equal access to

To sports events, and so forth at the universities, that's what it was designed for. But it's become this umbrella legislation that pushes equality of outcome essentially, across every possible dimension in the universities. And it's been used as a weapon by the radical left. But you know, some of that's driven by legislative necessity.

What's happening? What, the reason that I think this is coming from the universities is because I don't think that this could, well, there's all these activist disciplines that are essentially subsidized by too high to tuition fees, and also by state funding, and they've produced an entire substructure of of activists, and those activists are doing everything they can to lay out a theoretical structure for the radical left. And that's a that's a structure that involves there's buzzwords, right diversity is one, but that means diversity by race and ethnicity and sexual preference, for example, as if those have anything to do with genuine diversity of ideation. And they don't, and there's no evidence that they do inclusivity. I'm never even sure what that means. Equity, which is a marker for what would you call it, it's a code word in some sense for equality of outcome, which is an absolutely deadly doctrine. I think of all the mistakes that the radical left are making, and the moderate left for not calling them out on it, the equity doctrine is at the top of the list. And then there's other associated things like white privilege, that's a good one and systemic bias, and which is

it's an absolute embarrassment from the perspective of a of a reasonable academic psychologists, because psychological tests have been used to prove that there's this implicit bias that lurks everywhere, and the tests aren't reliable and valid enough to make that claim. That's even the people who've made the test, the Implicit Association Test have admitted except for Mazarron Banerjee, who's the Chairman of the Department of Psychology at Harvard, they've admitted that the tests aren't reliable and valid enough to be used for the purposes they're been using for. And there's also no evidence at all that these unconscious buying bias, retraining seminars have any effect whatsoever that's positive, it's all nonsense, pushed by this the ideological, what fulminations of the radical left, is there any benefit in having these conversations, talking about implicit biases, and recognizing that there's an extreme pushback against racism, or sexism, and all these different things. And that even though these things, these,

these, these ideas that they're pushing might not be tested and proven. The idea of putting it out there in the mainstream, that there's a shift in consciousness in terms of like how people will or won't accept racism, or sexism or homophobia or whatever else is being discussed, that maybe it's far left, but maybe it's moving the needle towards where it needs to be. I think that well, that I think that happens, I mean, I certainly believe that there's space and necessity for a constant dialogue between the left and the right. This is also something that I've been developing more particularly during these lectures, so so I'm going to lay out a couple of propositions. So imagine that you have to move forward in the world, you have to do things. And the reason you have to do things is because, well, if you just sit there and don't do anything, then you suffer and die. So that isn't an option, you have to move forward, you have to move forward towards valued things. So you have to have a value hierarchy, it has to be hierarchy, because one thing has to be more important than another or you can't do anything, right your your to split with your choices. So you have to do things you have to value, you have to value some things more than others, then you have to act out what you value in the social environment. Because you're a social creature, and you're not going to do things alone, then as soon as you start to act out things of value in the social environment, you inevitably produce a hierarchy. And the reason you do that is because no matter what you're acting out, some people are way better at it than others. And it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if it's basketball, or hockey, or plumbing or law doesn't matter. As soon as there's something valuable and you're doing it collectively there's a hierarchy. Okay, so then what happens? Well, the hierarchy can get corrupt and rigid, and, and then it stops rewarding competence, and it starts rewarding criminality and power. And so there's always the danger of the hierarchy will become corrupt. The right wingers say, we really need the hierarchies and we should abide by them. That's sort of the motif of patriotism. And, and, and, and, and, and, and positive group identity. And the left wingers say yeah, but wait a second, there's a problem here. A your hierarchy can get corrupt and might and be because some people are way better at it than others, you're going to produce a bunch of desert, dispossessed people at the bottom. And that's not only good, not only not good for the dispossessed people, it actually threatens the whole hierarchy. So you have to be careful. You have to attend to the widows and the children, let's say the widows and the orphans. Okay, and so now and then now you can think about that as an eternal problem. You can't do without hierarchies. But and that's the right wing claim. In some sense. You can't do without

hierarchies and they're valuable. But they're also prone to corruption and they dispossessed people. Okay, so now that's an eternal problem. The question is, what do you do about it? And the answer to that is, there's no final answer to the problem. So what you have to do is you have to have a left wing, and you have to have a right wing. And they have to talk all the time about whether the hierarchy is healthy. And whether or not it's dispossessing too many people. And then the problem with that is, is that discussion can go too far. Because the right wingers can say, hierarchy, Uber all is right, that that we've the state is correct, and everything's right. And so that's the right wing totalitarian types. And the left can say, will flatten everything, so there's no inequality. And so both the left and the right can go too far. Now, the problem is we don't we know how to define I think one of the problems is we know how to define when the right goes too far. I think we learned that after World War Two, I think if you're making claims of ethnic or racial superiority, you get to be put in a box and put off the shelf. Right? You're not in the dialog anymore. It's obvious that the left can go too far, even though they're necessary participants in the discussion. But we don't know when to we don't know how to define when they've gone too far. And of an obvious example, no, and you might think, well, that's the moderate leftists problem. It's their moral responsibility to dissociate themselves from the radicals just as it's the moral responsibility of reasonable conservatives to dissociate themselves from the Birch, John Birch and Ku Klux Klan types. That's a very important point. But but the problem but it isn't just the moderate left's problem, because even the people on the right, don't know what to point to when they say no, you've gone too far as a leftist. Now I've tried to, it's complicated, because I think it's it might be more than one policy. I think the really deadly leftist presumption is equality of outcome. I think as soon as you start talking about equality of outcome, you should be put in a box and put off the shelf. That's but but it isn't obvious why like, that doesn't sound like you know, white people overall, it doesn't have the same guttural punch that the excess of the right has. It's well, you're for equality of outcome. Why is that bad? Well, it's bad because when you play it out in society, and there's endless evidence for this, it's an instantaneously murderous doctrine. And I think it's because it shifts so quickly into a victim victimizer narrative. I've had a great opportunity. In the last month and a half, I got asked to write the preface to the 50th anniversary edition of Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago. And so I've been writing that and one of the things Solzhenitsyn did, which was one of the things he one of the things that made that book, arguably the greatest work of nonfiction of the 20th century, it's in the top 10 Anyways, was to point out very clearly that the excesses of the Russian Revolution started right away. It wasn't that Lenin was a pretty good guy, and then Stellan came in corrupted everything. It was like Lenin was not a pretty good guy, the revolution got bloody really fast. And what seemed to happen, so imagine you, you're starting to divide the world up into oppressor and oppressed, right, and you're going to do something about the oppressors. The problem is, is that you can define people multiple ways, this is the intersectionality problem. And almost everybody can be defined in terms of their group identity in some way that makes them an oppressor. So like if you're a black man, well, you could argue that you're oppressed because you're black. But what about the fact that you're a man?

And so does that make you an oppressor or someone who's oppressed? And the answer is, as the revolution progresses, if there's any dimension along which you can be categorized as oppressor, you end up dead. And so that's part of the pathology of the equality of outcome, you know, that, like, you end up dead, you end up rounded up, you ended up being put into the oppressor camp. Right. So there's only so far you can go with that, right? I mean, you can't put all men in the oppressor camp, there'll be no men left, like, what do you call that? Yeah, but that that is the sort of thing that plays out? Well, it is how it plays out when I look for equality of outcome. Well, it is how it played out in the Soviet Union in China. I mean, in the Soviet Union, we don't know how many people died, the reasonable estimates looked like about 25 million, that's dead. That's not just that's not imprisoned, that isn't families destroyed, that's just dead. And in my mind was China, it might have approximated 100 million, just just internal repression. And so what what seems to happen as soon as you decide that the hierarchy is unfair, because there are oppressors and oppressed, then you can go after the oppressors with moral virtue. But the problem is, is that there's almost no limit to the number of ways that you can categorize someone as an oppressor. The category just starts to expand, like the communists killed all the socialists.

They killed all the religious people, they killed most of the students, they killed all the productive farmers, and they killed the productive farmers because they owned land. You know, and maybe a little house and a few cows. You know, I mean, to be a successful farmer in Russia, at the turn of the 20th century didn't mean you were rich, right? It just meant you weren't starving. It's like the kill

All those people because they were oppressors, because they had more than someone else. That's how they defined it in order to get the people to rally against it. Yes, yes. It said yes. And the definition kept slipping because Well, look, look even now it's like, well, let's say we rally against the 1%. You know, and those would be the money owners. Let's say. It's like, okay, who's in that group? Well, everybody in North America is in that group. Worldwide. Yeah. Well, who sets the parameters? Right? It's 34. It's $34,000 a year sets you in the 1%? Worldwide. Right? Right. So So does that make all of us oppressors pay? Basically, everybody who lives above poverty in America is in the 1% of the world. Right? Right. And also by historical standards. Yeah. And so the problem is, the problem with the oppressor oppressed narrative is that you can multiply the oppressors endlessly. And there's no end to going after, right? And as soon as you make a definition, you can move the boundaries, and then the next person is the aggressor. And then you keep going well, and you also see, the interesting thing, too, is that this is complicated. So I've been thinking about this proclivity of the left to to destroy members of the moderate left. It's like there's the game part of the game that's being played, as far as I can tell the ideologically pathological game is, I'm more virtuous than you. Now. Look, if you're on the on the radical left, and you say, well, you're more virtuous than a right winger, it's like, well, who cares? That's obvious, because the right wingers are, are pathological. So being more virtuous than them, that's not much of an attainment. But if I have my moderate leftist compatriot standing right beside me, and he's pretty damn virtuous, but I'm even more virtuous than him, then that's a real, that's a real attainment, on my part, it's a moral attainment with no effort on my part, if I can figure out some way of classifying that previously virtuous person as an oppressor along some dimension, then all of a sudden, I get an increment my moral virtue. And that happened all the time in these leftist revolutions run amok, that was just a constant feature. So it's not good. It's not good.

Why is it? This is something that's always puzzled me? Why is it that the left is defined by there's like, certain there's certain values, and one of them is, when you look at the right, you, you automatically think of racism, potential racism, at least, dislike for gay people, homophobia, there's certain qualities that are always attributed to conservatives. And then there's certain qualities or these are social things, and that that I'm not quite sure I understand. Like, why is it that the left is always associated in support of gay rights, the left is always associated in support of

all races and all genders. And they think it's the dispossessed issue again, so imagine, okay, imagine that.

We make these hierarchies, and their hierarchies that are devoted towards a goal. And that the sum total of all those hierarchies is something like the patriarchy, even though I hate that word. And so whether I should use it, I don't like that word at all. But but but that's, we're speaking within the confines of that theory that's defined and how you're using it. What do you mean by the patriarchy? Well, the patriarchy is is is the sum total of all Western hierarchies? Let's say it's or it's the left. It's the radical leftist vision of the sum total of all Western hierarchy, but it's always male. Well, that's the theory is that it's male dominated. And, you know, what is patriarchy is? Yeah, yeah. Well, and it's a funny thing, because of course, there's lots of elements, there's lots of sub elements of the patriarchy that aren't male dominated. So healthcare, for example, universities, the education system, in general, there's lots of places where these these sub elements are female dominated, but so defined as the patriarchy and defined health care? Well, that's a good question, Joe. I don't know what happens. If if you have a sub element of the patriarchy that's dominated by women? Is that still the patriarchy? It's like the structure is still intact, it's still performing the same function? Well, now the women are running it was that the patriarchy? And the answer to that is? Well, we're all vague about what the definition is. So we don't need to address that issue. Well, here's some of the answers. Here's some clear ones, right? Like major corporations, the vast majority of CEOs are male. Yeah, we think of that as part of the patriarchy. Yeah. Government. Never been a male. Never been a female president, vast majority of senators, congressmen, etc. Male. Yeah, so I guess we could say, well, the patriarchy is all those elements of hierarchical structure that are still dominated by men, law enforcement, military, male, mostly male, right? But it's a it's a peculiar definition, right? Because it means you have to, you have to fractionate the patriarchy into pieces. You can you can no longer talk about it as uniform structure if you're going to take out all those pieces that are dominated by women say, well, that's not the patriarchy. But the thing is, is that the whole concept is so we'll define that it's that it begins

ours description. But so is you Howard though, right? I mean, that's that's the other thing. That's the claim. The other claim is that all hierarchies are predicated on power, which is a claim that's absolutely appalling. It's like plumbers, they part of the hierarchy hierarchy, you've got roaming bands of armed, aggressive, tyrannical plumbers coming to your door saying, use our service or else, that's not how it works. You go look, when you're going looking for a plumber, you go look, for a massage therapist, you look or a surgeon for that matter, or a lawyer, you go look for the person who's most competent. And one of the things the left can't tolerate is the idea that hierarchies are predicated, in part, even on competence, which they clearly are. The best predictors for success in western hierarchies are intelligence and conscientiousness. Those are the best psychological predictors of success, they only account for about a third of the variation in success. Maybe a third is probably about right. So there's still lots of room for randomness and, and even for systemic discrimination. But the notion that our our systems aren't predicated in part on competence is clearly wrong. Now, you asked a question about the left is like, why are the left always on the side of the people who don't fit in, let's say or don't fit so easily at it. And I think that is a matter of the consequence of hierarchical structures is that. So imagine in every hierarchy, there are some people who don't do very well, in any given hierarchy, then imagine, then imagine across all the hierarchies that there's a subset of people who are very likely to not do well in any of them. So you might say, well, they're systemically discriminated against the left would be on their side, because they're on the side, even temperamentally of the people who are dispossessed. And the thing about that is that it's, it's valid. Look, we need a we need a spokesperson, politically, for the dispossessed. That's what the Democratic Party used to do when they worked for the working class, is the working class needed the political voice? It's like, okay, that's the Democrats, well, why did they need the political voice well, to to keep the hierarchy from degenerating into rigid tyranny? It's part of the political discussion. But now the problem is, is that this is the problem with the left is that, well, what's the hierarchy? It's a tyrannical patriarchy. It's like, No, it's not. It's partly corrupt, like every system, but it's less corrupt than most systems. And there's a lot of elements of it that are devoted towards self improvement, self monitoring, you have to be a little nuanced and subtle about these sorts of things. And you can't throw the baby out with the bathwater. And the leftist rhetoric has got so intense that the the idea is and people believe this, well, the world is going to hell in a handbasket. Everything is getting worse in all possible ways. And there's systemic racism everywhere. And it's utterly unfair, and it should be torn down and rebuilt. It's like, no, it's actually functioning unbelievably well, even though it still has its problems. You know, and there's a big difference between saying, there's systemic racism everywhere. And the reason that there isn't perfectly equal outcomes is because of prejudice, and saying, no, no, look, the system is functioning. Let's say it's 75%. It's doing all right. It's got some problems, including systemic prejudice, which hopefully will work themselves out across time, and, and which show every bit of evidence of doing so. And so we don't need a radical solution. You know, and one of the things I've started to do with my Twitter account is to tweet out good non naive news. Because one of the things that's happening in the world and there's been half a dozen books on this, or more written in the last five years by credible people is that the distribution of the idea of individual sovereignty and property rights and free market economies, etc, out into the rest of the world is making the non western world is making the non western world rich, really, really, really fast. So between 2002 1012, the rate of absolute poverty in the world fell by half, half, it was the fastest period of economic development in human history. We beat the UN, we beat the optimistic un target by three years. Staggering.

You know, the, the rates of child mortality in Africa are now lower than they were in Europe, in 1950. The fastest growing economies in the world are in Sub Saharan Africa, many millions of people, millions of people a month are getting access to this incredible technology that's embodied in cell phones, right? People have access to fresh water like they've never had access before. The child, the kids or kids are getting immunized at a rate that's That's unfair. That's, that's unprecedented. And, and yet, we have this idea that's become rampant in the West that there's something ultimately corrupt about the patriarchal tyranny, and then it has to be dismantled right down to its core. And a lot of that's being taught by the activist disciplines in universities and I just don't get it. It's not acceptable. So they see these hierarchies

And they're proposal to level everything off and to take away the insane power at the very top is equality of outcome is unpro. unproven, in terms of it's never been, it's never been done successfully to a utopian, right? Well, I also don't even think you can do it in principle, because if you accept the proposition, the propositions I laid out, which is you have to pursue things of value. And if you pursue things in a value in, in a social space, so you do it cooperatively and competitively, you do it with other people, then you're going to produce differential outcome because people will be differently good at it. Yes. What's like, okay, you don't believe that? It's like, okay, do you listen to random selections of music online? Or do you do what everyone else does? You go for the 1/10, of 1%, of songwriters, and you only listen to them, you only listen to the one you only read the production's have 1/10 of 1% of writers, you only listen to the podcasts of 1/10 of 1% of podcast broadcasters. Right? When you watch sports on TV, you only watch the athletic contributions of 1/10 of 1% of athletes. So like, where's the equality? Exactly? Where's that in your life? You people who are pushing for equality of outcome, you manifest that in anything you do. You don't you're unbelievably selective, just like everyone else. And the reason you're selective is because

you,

there are things that are happening that need to happen, or that are entertaining and interesting. And you want the best in all of those realms. That's how it works. And there is a best, that's the other thing that's so painful. And that that actually is painful. You know, one, here's a problem of dispossession. A real problem.

One way to not do very well in any hierarchy is to have a low IQ.

And so, IQ is normally distributed. And if you have an IQ of less than 85, it's hard for you to read well enough to follow instructions. That's about 10% of the population might even be higher than that. Okay, so given that lack, how are you going to compete? And the answer is, you're not. Because low IQ is a good predictor of poverty. Now, the spiral because, you know, if you're, if you if you're cognitively if you're on in the, if you're, if you're less cognitively gifted, then

and you have children, they're going to be in a less enriched environment, these things spiral, but you still have the essential problem. That's the essential problem of the dispossessed. It's like, hierarchies are complex tools to attain necessary goals, but they dispossessed people, what do we do with the people that they dispossessed? The answer is, we don't know.

So we have to talk about it constantly to figure out how to solve it, because it's an ongoing problem that transforms, and that's the reason that political dialogue is necessary. And then the danger is, is that the political dialogue will polarize into the radical left, no hierarchies whatsoever, or the radical right, our hierarchies 100%, right at all costs. And so those are the, we have the eternal problem. And those are the two poles that we have to negotiate between. It's interesting because the accusation has always been that what the left is trying to do with this equality of outcome thing is sort of an infantile isation of the populace. Right? And the best example of that is sports.

When you look at sports, clearly, the best people win, right? The fastest runners win the race. The people that have the best strategy win the game, the infant infant, that's a weird word, infantile isation. I never get it right. But that is what we do with children, where you get participation trophies, and no one wins. You know, when my daughter was three years old, she was in soccer. And they didn't keep score. But everyone knew everyone knew these kids scored and they didn't at the end of the game, they didn't announce a winner. There was a you can't, you can't have a soccer game without keeping score. Yeah, it's not a soccer game anymore. It's something else. But the score was kept. Of course, it just wasn't discussed. Of course, it was the strangest thing. But this is to treat these little kids because they couldn't handle it. You know, she cried when the other team scored. I'm like, That's, it feels bad when they score. So it feels good. When you score. It's very difficult to say that to a three year old, right? So are you going to run hills? Is she going to practice drills so that she feels that good? Feeling more, and then there's a point where that becomes too far. There's a point where you become an obsessive over winner, right? And this is the people that want to crush their enemies. Then you become Conan the Barbarian. This is this is the far end of it. And this is what the left is terrified of. Right? Yeah. The idea of the left is the demeanour, the soft, the the the people that are kinder and gentler. The idea of the right is the conqueror, the people that you know, they're work hard, play hard, go kick ass, go America, that kind of shit. And so these are the type of people that are going to be crueler they're going to do what it takes to win

And the people that you would consider that would like equality of outcome are the people that are trying to slow that down. Does this make sense? Yes, absolutely. And I think that's how it lays itself out temperamentally, psychologically. Yeah, this is the motivation for all those. Yes, yes, yes. And it's well, and the radical left is compassion going mad. Although it's also envy. Let's not forget about that as well. Absolutely. One reason to stand up for the dispossessed is because you're empathetic, you know, and empathy is not an automatic good. This is something we make a big mistake about. We think, well, I am feeling sorry for you, therefore, I'm good. It's like, No, I might be feeling too sorry for you. I might not be demanding enough of you. So when that's the terrible devouring Mother, you know, from a psychoanalytic perspective, well, everything you do, dear is okay. It's like no, it's not. Right. So So one of the things that jumped Piaget the developmental psychologist, he was very interested in figuring out a way out of this and it's very much relevant to your concept you're, you're talking about about athletics. Okay, so imagine this, because this is also something that points the way to a proper morality, which was actually something that John Piaget was very concerned about. He wanted to he wanted to reconcile the distinction between religion and science. That's actually what drove him, even though he was people don't know that. He was arguably the world's greatest developmental psychologist. So So here's the idea. You know how you tell your kid to be a good sport. You say, Don't doesn't matter whether you win or lose, it matters how you play the game. Okay, so I've been unpacking that in my lectures, because it's really, really complicated. It's like, you tell your kid that and they look at you and they think,

Well, what do you mean by that? Aren't I supposed to try to win? It's a soccer game. I'm trying to I'm supposed to win. And you say, Well, yeah, you're supposed to win. But it doesn't matter whether you win or lose. It matters how you play the game. You know that? That's right. But you don't know how to explain it to your kid. You say? Well, you want to be a good sport. Okay, so imagine this, this is how it works. And this is crucially important. So first of all,

life is not a game. Even a game is not a game. Because a game is most of the time, a game is the beginning of a series of games. So let's say that you're on a soccer team. Well, there's the winning the game. But the game isn't the issue. The game is the whole series of games. So maybe the game is winning the championship, and winning the championship and winning our game are not the same thing. And the reason for that is, well, maybe if you want to win a game, the best thing to do is to let your star player make all the moves. But if you want to win a championship, maybe the best thing is for your star player to do everything he or she possibly can to develop all the other team members. That's a different strategy. And the reason it's different is because it iterates across time. Okay, so I'll tell you a quick story. So when my kid was playing hockey, when he was about 12, or so he was in the championship game, just at a local arena, you know, and it was really fun to watch, the teams were pretty equal, which is something that you want, so that everybody can expand their skills while they're playing. And it was like five seconds to to the end of the game. And the other team made a breakaway and came down and the guy came down nice and scored. It was beautiful gold, and it was for three and that was the end of it, right? And all my kids team, there was the kid who is the star and he was pretty good hockey player. He came off the ice, and he was very annoyed about what had happened. He smashed his stick on this amount, and was complaining about the referee and acting as if he'd been robbed. And his father came up, and instead of saying, Get your act together, kid, that's no way to display yourself after a loss. He said, Oh, yeah, man, you were robbed that the referees didn't ref. Right? And, and you played the best and you should have won. And I thought you it's absolute son of a bitch. You're ruining your son. And then the question is why? Because his son was the star and was trying to win. Why was he ruining his son? Well, you're trying to train your son not to win the game.

You're trying to train your son to win the championship. And so that's a series of games. But then life isn't the championship. Life is a whole bunch of championships. It's a whole sequence of them. And so what you're actually trying to train your son to do is to be a contender in the entire series. And the way you do that is by helping him develop his character. And a character is actually the strategy that would enable him to win the largest number of games across the largest possible span of time. And one way you do that, if you're a kid is like, Well, what do you want to do with your kid, you don't want to teach him to win. You want to teach him to play well with others. And that's to be reciprocal. So that means to try to win, but also to pay attention to to, to developing the other people around him and not to put winning the game above everything at all times. So then he's fun to play with. And this is absolutely crucial. You get you can, you can help your kid become fun to play with between the ages of two in the age of four. If your kid is fun to play with, then what happens? Kids line up to play with him. And adults line up to teach him and if kids line up to play with him, then they have friends his whole life.

and he'll be socialized. And he'll be invited to many games, some of which he'll win, all of which will be able to participate in. And if he's fun to play with, then adults will teach him things. And then he wins that life. And so when you say to your kid, it doesn't matter whether you win or lose matters, how you play the game, what you're saying is, don't forget, kid, that what you're trying to do here is to do well at life, and you need to practice the strategies that enable you to do well at life. Well, you're in any specific game. And you never want to compromise your ability to do well at life for the sake of winning a single game. And there's a deep ethic in that. And it's the ethic of reciprocity in games. Part of the reason that we're so obsessed with sports, is because we like to see that dramatized, you know, like, the person we really admire as an athlete isn't only the person who wins, we don't like the narcissistic winners, they're winners. And that's a plus. But if they're narcissistic, they're not good team players, they're only out for themselves, then we think, Well, you're a winner in the narrow sense, but your character is suspect, you're no role model, even though you're a winner. And it's because we're looking for something deeper. We're looking for that the manifestation of character that allows you to win across the set of possible games. And that's a real thing. That's a real ethic. It's a fundamental ethic. I think what you're pointing out that's very important is we're searching for the person who's got it all nailed. Someone who tries their hardest, but is also

honest enough about the circumstances to not cry foul, when it's gone. The other person's way. Yeah, well, that's part of resilience. It's right like, look, you're not going to win it, you're not going to, you're not going to score on every shot, right? Doesn't mean you shouldn't take the shots doesn't mean you shouldn't try to, to hit the goal. But part of part of being able to continue to take shots, is to have the strength of character to tolerate the fact that that in that instance, you weren't on top, it's more trivial in games than it is in fights. And it's also the response is much more negative to the from the fans, if you lose a fight and complain about it. It is it's ruthless there because they understand that you've made a huge character error. Yeah. So why do you think it's more important in in fights than it is in games? Why do you think it's because the consequences are so grave? Because you recognize that the high is much higher, and the lows are much lower to lose a basketball game sucks, but it's nothing like losing a fight. There's no comparison. It's not even. So what do you think it is the damages the fighter? If he complains about losing? Why is that a mistake? Why did the fans respond so negatively to that, because they know, they know that you lost, they know that you're complaining for no reason, and you're not a hero, they want you to be better than them. They want you to be the person that has the courage to step into a cage or a ring or wherever you whatever the format is, you're competing, and to do something that's extremely difficult. And when you do that, they hold you to a higher standard to lose with grace. Yes. And when you fall, especially if you are a champion, that is one of the most disappointing things ever when a champion complains. Right? And it is, okay. So the response is horrific from the audience. Okay, so that's a great example. So let's imagine, what does the person who loses something important with Grace do? And the answer is fairly straightforward. He accepts the defeat and thinks, Okay, what, what is it that I have left to improve that will decrease the possibility of a similar defeat in the future? Yes. Right. So So what he's doing is because the great athlete, and the great person is not only someone who's exceptionally skilled at what they do, but who's trying to expand their skills at all, at all times, yes. And the attempt to expand their skills at all times is even more important than the fact that they're great to begin with, because the trajectory is so important, more important, in particular, to the audience, it's extremely important to the audience, because you are the person who's competing, you are expecting them to live out this life in a perfect way, or in a much more powerful way than you're capable. Yes. And so part of that is the skill because they put into practice, but part of that also is the willingness to push the skill farther into new domains of development with each action. And that's really what people like to watch, right? They don't like to watch a perfect athletic performance. They like to watch a perfect athletic performance that's pushed into the domain of new risk, they want to see both at the same time, you're really good at what you do, and you're getting better. Okay, so you lose a match, which is not any indication that you're not good at what you do. You might not be as good as the person who beat you. But if you lose the match, and then whine, what you've done is sacrifice the higher order principle of constant improvement of your own skills, yes, because you should be analyzing the loss and saying, the reason I lost insofar as it's relevant to this particular time in place is the insufficiencies I manifested that defeated me and I need to track those insufficiency so that I can rectify them in the future. And if I'm blaming it on you, or the referees or the situation, that I'm not taking responsibility, and I'm not pushing myself forward, and so then you also take the meaning out of it, but one of the things I've been doing on my tour

People are criticizing me to some degree for saying things to people that are obvious. Well, first of all, it's not like I didn't bloody well, no, they were obvious. When I wrote those things, you want my rules in my book, for example, stand up straight with your shoulders back, you know, treat yourself like you're someone responsible for helping. It's like, I know perfectly well, that those can be read as cliches. The question is a cliche, let's say is something that's so true that it's that it's become

that it's become, it's widely accepted by everyone. Well, but we don't know why it's true anymore. And so this this issue, the issue that we're talking about here, the issue of being a good sport, we need to figure out why that's true. And the reason that it's true is that you're trying to push your development farther than you've already developed at every point in time. And that's the proper, that's the proper moral attitude. So

when you see an athletic performance, where someone is pushing themselves beyond what they are, you see someone dramatizing the process of proper adaptation, it isn't the skill itself, it's the extension of the skill. And when you see someone acting like a bad sport, then they're sacrificing that and so they're sacrificing the higher for the lower end, no one likes that. In the fights. It's got to be. See, the question is, that's the thing I can't quite figure out is why that would be even exaggerated in a fight situation. And you said it's because the stakes are so high. Yeah, the consequences of victory or defeat, they're just so much greater. There's your your health is on the line. It's one of the rare things that you do, where your health is on the line, your physical health, right. So there's more extreme victories and more extreme defeats, the morality that's associated with defeat is more extreme. Exactly. Because there's more on the line. Yeah, that makes sense. And the the way people treat the champions it's a it's a very different thing. It's the the respect and adulation that a champion receives is, it's the pinnacle of sports, in terms of the the love from the audience, when someone wins a great fight. It's there's nothing like it. And this is one of the reasons why these people are willing to put their health on the line, because that high, the high of victory. And it's not just a victory. It's a you know, what is Who was it? Who said that victory? is really the victory over the lesser you? It's a victory? It's always the victim? Yes, yeah, it's the victory is over, you've got to realize a guy like Steve Paimio chick who defends his heavyweight title this weekend. In the UFC, he is he's the heavyweight champion the world, but he's not undefeated, he's lost in his career. He's lost a couple of times. And he, you know, is I'm sure he's lost wrestling matches and sparring sessions in the gym. And he's a product of improvement, right? He's a product of discipline and hard work and thinking and strategy and constantly improving upon his skills. And so, so because of that, he's the baddest man on the planet. So my in my book, Rule four is, this is 12. Excuse me.

This is from 12 rules for life. Rule Four is compare yourself to who you were yesterday, not to who someone else is today. Yes, because you need to be you need to have a hierarchy of improvement, you need to be aiming for something. And that means you're going to be lesser than people who've always already attained along that dimension. Yeah. And that can give rise to envy. So the question is, who should you defeat in the final analysis? And the answer is, you should defeat your former self, you should be constantly trying to do that. And you're the right control for yourself too, because you're the one who's had all your advantages and disadvantages. And so if you want to compete fairly with someone, then you should be competing with you. And it is the case, this is what we were talking about, too, with regards to the self improvement of the fighter, as well. If you're improving yourself, then what you are doing is competing with your lesser self. And then you might also ask, well, what is that lesser self, and that lesser self would be resentful and bitter, and, and

aggressive and vengeance seeking and all of those things that go along with having a negative moral character. And those are things that interfere with your ability to progress as you move forward through life. So it's very necessary to understand that this is why, you know, I've been stressing this idea of personal responsibility. It's like, well, personal responsibility is to compete with yourself is to be slightly better than yourself the next day, and it better in some way that you can actually manage. And that's humility. It's right, like, Well, I'm a flawed person. I've got all my problems. Could I be as good as Person X? It's like, not great question. The right question is, could you be slightly better tomorrow than your currently flawed self? And the answer to that is, if you have enough humility to set the bar properly low, then you could be better tomorrow than you are today. Because what you also have to do is you have to say, well, here's all my flaws, and my insufficiencies and the best that someone that flawed and insufficient could do to improve and actually

Do it is this and that's not worth going out in the street and celebrating with plaque cards, you know, it's like, well, this is why I tell people to clean the room, it's not going to brag to someone that you did that. But someone is insufficient as you might be able to manage it. And that means you actually are on the pathway to self improvement and you're transcending your former self. And you might say, well, what's the right way of being in the world? If there is such a thing? And it's not acting according to a set of rules. It's attempting continually to transcend the flawed thing that you currently are. And what's so interesting about that, is that the mean, meaning the meaning in life is to be found in that pursuit. So I've been laying that out in these discussions to because I say it well. The fundamental issue is that life is tragic, and difficult, very tragic and difficult for everyone. And it's also tainted by malevolence, because no matter how

things are tragic and difficult, but there's always some stupid thing that you could do, or someone else could do that could make it even worse than it has to be. And so that's life. And you need an antidote to that, because that can embed or you constant contact with that, just the tragedy, but the tragedy combined with betrayal and malevolence, that makes it even worse, especially if it's self induced. Okay, so you need something to set against that. So you don't get bitter and resentful, or what do you set against that? Doing something worthwhile? By your own definition, say, you need some reason to get the hell out of bed on a terrible day, because you've got something good to do? Well, what's the best thing you can do? Transcend your current wretched and miserable self, there's meaning to be found in that and real risk. And that's, that's a meaning that's associated with responsibility. One of the things that I've been trying to lay out clearly is that

life is hard. It's tainted by malevolence, and betrayal that can make you bitter, you need a meaning to offset that. Where's the meaning to be found? Not in writes, not an impulsive pleasure. But in responsibility. You take responsibility for yourself. So you take care of yourself. If you're good at it, you can you have some excess leftover to take care of your damn family. If you're good at both of those, then you have some excess leftover to take care of your community. Those are heavy burdens, you pick up the burdens you find that's meaningful, the best way to pick up the burden is to continually improve yourself. And that's where the meaning is to be found. And so that meaning is in the continual self transcendence. That's letting your old self die and the new self be reborn. You did you watch when we were kings? Ali Ali Frazier. Yeah, God, that's an amazing, amazing, amazing movie. Right at the end of it. So le defeats Frazier, basically by letting him defeat himself, right because Frazier is angry and he's got a chip on his shoulder and he doesn't conduct the fight properly. So he exhausts himself chasing Ellie and Ellie is basically just trained himself to take the damn blows, right? And to wear Fraser out. That's his plan. Then right at the end of the movie, he knocks Fraser down. And it's pretty much the end of the fight. But Fraser sort of struggles to his feet, you know, he's just getting up off the mat, and Ali's got his hand pulled back to just nail him because he's completely laid open. And he puts his gloves down and turns away. That's the end of the fight. And Fraser said, and this is true, as far as I know, that that fight tamed him. Like Frazier had a big chip on his shoulder and it was kind of a dreadful guy up till that fight. And afterwards, he was affable. And he was, he was civilized, le civilized. And so but that gesture that he made was that great gesture because he could have flattened him, right. And he had every reason to man he got he got he got taken apart a lead took punches like mad in that fight. And then in the final analysis, when he had Frazier down and he was struggling to his feet, he just let him go, man, nobility of character right there, something impressive to behold. So

when, why are you defining people like when you're saying this? Why you saying your miserable, wretched life? Because there's a lot of people that don't have Miserable wretched lives and also just want to improve, like, why does it have to be the worst case scenario in order to because it has to work or it has to it has to work? The theory has to work in the worst case scenario. Okay. That's why so using the worst case scenario as and yeah. Because do you think that that perhaps may alienate someone who doesn't have the worst case scenario? No, I don't know. I don't think so. Because, well, you know, it depends on how much time you have to outline the ideas. But you know, what I because even if things are going really well for you now, there's going to be a time in the future where things are rough, you know, you're going to be ill, family member is going to be ill. A dream is going to fall apart, you're going to be you're going to be uncertain about your employment status, like the flood is coming, right? The Apocalypse is coming. It's always the case in life, and you have to be prepared for it. And the question is, how to prepare for it. And the answer to that is to find a way of being that works even under the diarist of circumstances. That's the issue. And so you outline I mean, I am pessimistic about this in my approach, in some sense, because when I'm talking to my audience isn't the same thing happens happened in my book maps of meaning and in 12 rules for life. I'm laying out the worst case scenario, that sort of like hell, it's things are going really badly for you. And that there's just chat

ants associated with that sometimes, and you and the people around you are doing stupid things to make it worse. It's like, okay, what have you got under those circumstances, you've got the possibility to slowly raise yourself out of the mire, you've got the possibility to do just what the fighter does when he's defeated, which is to say, well, regardless of the circumstances that might have led to my defeat, and even if there were errors on the part of the referee, this is no time to whine about it. This is a time to take stock of what I did wrong so that I can improve it into the future. And that's the right attitude. You know, in the Old Testament, one of the things that's really interesting about the Old Testament stories is, in the Old Testament, the Jews keep getting walloped by God. It's like, they struggle up and make an empire and then they just get walloped. And then it's all crushed, and they're in there. They're out of it for generations, and then they struggle back up and make an empire. And then they get demolished again, and it happens over and over and over. And the the attitude of the Old Testament Hebrews is, we must have made a mistake.

It's never to shake their fist at the sky and curse fate. It's never that the presupposition is, if things aren't working out, it's my fault. And that's a hell of a presupposition. And you might say, well, of course, you know, it's

that that underestimates the degree to which there's systemic oppression, et cetera, et cetera, and, and the end the vagaries of fate. It's like, it doesn't over underestimate it's not the point. The point is, your best strategic position is, how am I insufficient? And how can I rectify that, that's what you've got. And the thing is, you are insufficient, and you could rectify it. Both of those are within your grasp, if you aim low enough. And one of the things you see the you that's another thing, you keep saying aim low enough, have a low enough bar, why do you why do you mean that? Well, let's say you've got a kid and you want the kid to improve, you don't set them a bar that's so high that it's impossible for them to attain it. You take a look at the kid and you think, Okay, this kid's got this range of skill. Here's a challenge we can throw at him or her that exceeds their current level of skill, but gives them a reasonable probability of success. And so like I'm saying it tongue in cheek to some degree No, it's like, but if you're, but I'm doing it as an aid to humility. It's like, well, I don't know how to start improving my life. Someone might say that. And I would say, Well, you're not aiming low enough.

There's something you could do that you are regarding is trivial, that that you could do that you would do that would result in an actual improvement. But it's not a big enough improvement for you. So you won't lower yourself enough to take the opportunity. incremental steps. Yes. And so this is also what is achieved through exercise, it's one of the most important well, what do you do when you go on to lift weights, you don't go and like, if you haven't benchpress, before, you don't put 400 pounds on the damn bar and dropped and dropped the bar through your skull. You know, you think, look, when I started working out when I was a kid, I was I was weighed about 130 pounds, and I was six foot one. So thin kid and I smoked a lot. I wasn't in good shape. I wasn't in good physical shape. And I went to the gym, and it was bloody embarrassing, you know, and people would come over and help me with the goddamn weights. Here's how you're supposed to use this. You know, it was humiliating. And maybe I was pressing 65 pounds or something at that point, you know, but what am I going to do? I'm going to lift up 150 pounds and injure myself right off the bat. No, I had to go in there and stripped down and put my skinny goddamn self in front of the mirror and think son of a bitch. There's all these monsters in the gym who've been lifting weights for 10 years, and I'm struggling to get 50 pounds off the bar. Tough luck for me. But I could lift 50 pounds. And it wasn't very long until I could lift 75. And well you know how it goes. But I never injured myself when I was weightlifting. And the reason for that was I never pushed myself past where I knew I could go and I pushed myself a lot. You know, I gained 35 pounds of muscle in about three years. And in university, I kind of had to quit because I was eating so goddamn much I couldn't stand it seemed like six meals a day, it was just taking up too much time. But there's a humility in determining what it is that the wretched creature that you are, can actually manage aim low. And I don't mean don't aim. And I don't mean don't aim up. But you have to accept the fact that you can set yourself a goal that you can attain, and there's not going to be much glory in it to begin with. Because if you're not in very good shape, the goal that you could they could attain tomorrow isn't very glorious. But it's a hell of a lot better than nothing. And it beats the hell out of bitterness. And it's way better than blaming someone else. It's way less dangerous. And you could do it. And what's cool about it.

There's a statement in the New Testament. It's called the Matthieu principle. And economists use it to describe how the economy in the world works. To those who have everything more will be given from those who have nothing, everything will be taken. It's like what's very pessimistic in some sense, because it means that as you start to fail, you fail more and more rapidly. But it also means that as you start to succeed, you succeed more and more rapidly. And so you take an incremental step and well, now you can lift 55 pounds and

stead of 52.5 pounds, you think well, what the hell is that it's like, it's one step on a very long journey. And so it's it and it starts to compound on you. So a small step today means puts you in a position to take a slightly bigger step to the next day. And then that puts you in a position to take a slightly bigger step the next day. And you do that for two or three years, man, you're starting to stride. You know, when I have so many people coming up to me now, this is one of the things that's so insanely fun about this tour, which is so positive, it's, it brings me to tears regularly. It's mind boggling. Because people come up to me, and this is happening wherever I go now. And they say, they're very polite, when they come and talk to me, you know, and they're always apologetic for interrupting. And so it's never, it's never narcissistic, and it's never annoying. I'm really happy to see people. And they come up to me, and they say, Well, I know you've heard this lots of times before. But I've really, I've really been putting my life together since I've been watching your lectures. And then they tell me a story about where they were in some dark place too much alcohol, too much drugs, not getting along with their father, not getting along with their mother not having a vision for the life being nihilistic playing too many video games, you know, like,

being suicidal, that that happens a lot having Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, sometimes as a consequence of combat, whatever little slice of hell they were occupying. They say look, I've been, I've been listening to your lectures, and I've been developing a vision for my life. And I've been trying to take responsibility. And I've been trying to tell the truth, and things are way better. And so that's absolutely perfect. It's, it's the right way forward as far as I'm concerned. And those are people who they took stock of themselves, they said, I'm in a dark place. And I'm a dark person. And here's some things that this dark person in this dark place could do little things that they could actually do. I'll clean up my damn room, I'll make my bed I've had, I don't know how many people have come and told me, It's so strange. He said, Well, I started making my bed. And that made all the difference. It's like, well, yeah, you decided day, my man. And the first concrete instantiation of that was that you made your bed. And you think, well, that's nothing heroic. It's like no, but a man up his heroic. That's something and then lowering yourself to the point where you're not above the mess in your room, you know, you're not superordinate to that you lower yourself so that you straighten up, you're grateful for what you have right in front of you, and you take care of it, you put it in order. It's like all of a sudden, things start to get better. And so wonderful to be doing this tour, because I see. So that's what this tour has been about. For me. It's not political. I never talked to people after the talks. For example, I talked to about 150 people a night. We never talked about anything political. It's always this. I wasn't doing very well. I'm putting my life together. I'm getting along better with my father, I'm getting along better with my wife. I'm getting along better with my kids. I've got some meaning in my life. Thanks a lot. It's way better. It's like, yes. That's

that's the right thing. It's very beneficial for people and they need to hear that. And there's there's something that comes along with that. That's critical. And what that is, is an honest assessment of yourself, and honesty.

That that type of honesty, honesty with yourself. It's very difficult for some people and they don't have the tools for and they haven't been explained how to do this and why you should or why you should yeah, one of the things that happens when you go through school, you're told what to do. You're never told how to think you never you're also told that you're okay the way you are. That's self esteem. Yeah, you're okay, the way you are, it's like, no, you're not. And this is another thing where you are and you're not right, you're okay. As a human look, if you want to be a black belt in jujitsu, and you just started your first class, you're okay, as you are, you're a human, but in the goal, you're not okay. And the greater goals, right? The incremental improvement is important. You have to you have to honestly assess your position and move forward. Well, that's it your position and the trajectory. Yes. Right. And when you say to someone, you're okay, because of your position, that's not good enough, because you have to say, Well, wait a second, you need a trajectory? And maybe you're okay, if you're okay, in your position and your trajectory. But you know, the self esteem movements, and all of that will accept yourself the way you are, it's like, no, because you need a trajectory. And one of the things that, that I think one of the reasons that audiences are responding to what I've been saying in my lectures, and what I've been writing about is that I don't tell people that they're okay the way they are. No, I say, No, no, you could be way more than you are. And they're relieved about that. See? Because if you're in a dark and terrible place, and someone says, you're okay, the way you are, then you don't know what to do about that. No, I'm not. I'm having it. I'm having a terrible time. And I'm hopeless. You're okay the way you are. Well, then what? What, that's it. That's it. That's where I am. And when you want to tell a young person, you're 17 you're okay the way you are. It's like, No, you're not. You got 60 years to be better, and you could be way better. You could be incomparable better across multiple dimensions. And in pursuing that better, that's where you'll find the meaning in your life, and that will give you the antidote to the suffering the way

I always describe it to people as there are disciplines that you can pursue. And those disciplines are a vehicle for developing your human potential. And if you get better at these things, you can get better at anything. And if you figure out what it takes to become better at whatever sport it is, or whatever art it is, or whatever you're pursuing, the same principles you can apply to the way you treat people, you can apply to the way you educate yourself, you can apply to a you keep your body in shape, all those things are connected. And that's why you have to import impose order. People have asked me in my book, why I wrote it as an antidote to chaos, you know, because, well, there isn't anything technically wrong with chaos. Chaos is a place of great potential. Well, the question is, what's the proper? What's the proper balance between chaos and order, chaos potential and order? Well, the answer is, look, when you're a kid, you're all potential. It's chaotic potential, it can manifest itself in any number of ways. And maybe you don't want to give that up. So you're like Peter Pan, you want to be a kid forever, because you don't want to give up the potential. And you look out in the world, and all you see are Captain Hooks, you know, who've lost a hand who are chased by death? Because that's the clock and the crocodile, it's already got a taste of him terrified by death, and he's a tyrant. Why don't want to grow up to be that. So I won't be disciplined at all? Well, that's no good. Because the way the potential transforms itself into actuality is through discipline. And so then you as you said, This is the trick, though, you have to pick a path of discipline, whether what path of discipline you have to pick is a different issue, because there couldn't be a rule, the rule could be, the rule might not be follow this rule. The rule might be, you have to follow some rules. So it's a matter rule. And the matter rule is you have to discipline yourself. And the issue is, well, how that's not really the relevant question. You can pick a disciplinary path. It's why I often tell my clients, especially young people, they say, Well, I don't know what to do. It's like, that's okay. Nobody does, go do something, do the best thing that you can think of put the best plan you have into practice, it's not going to be perfect, and it will change along the way. But it will change partly because you become disciplined pursuing the path. And as you become disciplined, you become wiser. And as you become wiser, you become able to formulate better and better plans. So you can start vaguely and confused and develop a plan that's not so great, and you start to implement it. And then you you, you accrue incremental wisdom as you implement your flawed plan. And that enables you to fix the plant. And so that's part of that process of incremental self improvement as well. One of the more difficult aspects of that is personal honesty, like being honest with yourself, being honest with yourself about what you're doing self assessment, it's very difficult for people they don't they're never they're never taught it. It's not something that's encouraged. No one it's dismal. Let me imagine you only got 100, you only have $100,000, to go buy a house.

And so you go by you go look at this house, and it's like Jesus, this house, man, it's like it needs a lot of work. It's like, Well, that's all you've got? Well, you're going to pretend that the house is okay, the way it is, are you going to look for where it's rotten and where the plumbing doesn't work and where the stove doesn't work, you have to go and look and see where everything needs to be fixed. And that's like, that is harsh, man. But and then in order to do that properly, someone has to have taught you it's like you aren't your problems. Well, you are your most fundamentally that which if it confronts its problems can solve the nuts, the hero myth. And in in a nutshell, by the way, the hero is the person who confronts horrible, chaotic potential and tames it and make something of it right. That's, that's the fundamental human story. But the problem is, is that you have to face what you don't want to face in order to fix it. Yeah. And so you look at all the things about yourself that need to be burned off that need to be dispensed with. And that man, especially at the beginning, especially if you're screwed up, that may be like 95% of you just has to go up in flames. And it's painful. Even some of that stuff that you have to burn off, doesn't want to die, and it'll scream in agony while you're burning it off. It's not pleasant. But if you know that you're the thing that can transcend your problems. Most fundamentally, if you know, you're the thing that if it faces the problems can transcend them, then you have the faith that would enable you to take stock of who you are, then you have to do that in small steps. Because most people don't have experience in transcending their problems. So they really don't know what it even feels like. It seems like an alien concept. It seems like something other people can do. But if you do it incrementally, you can show yourself that you can do it. I mean, it's one of the reasons why they have belt systems and martial arts. You start off slow. Oh my god, I got a stripe on my white belt. Oh my god, I'm a blue belt. You feel improvement? Yeah. And for some people, it's the first real improvement marked absolute improvement in their life. Yeah, right. Well, then that's an interesting thing too, because right there, you've got a bit of a measurement system. We have this system set up online called The Future authoring program. And we've improved last time we implemented it because we've tested it three times we implemented at Mohawk College in Canada. And we had people write about their ideal future. And also to put in measurement strategies. It's like okay, here's your ideal for you.

Here's how you're going to break it into goals. Here's how you're going to mark progress towards those goals. Because you've got to be playing a fair game with yourself, right? Because when you make progress, you want to reward yourself. So you have to identify what the progress is, and you have to reward it. The consequence, we had people write a future plan for only an hour when they came for their school orientation in the summer before going to it's a it's a community college. And they dropped the dropout rate among young men by 50%. And it just Yeah, no kidding. 50%. Yeah. And what that meant was, to me what that meant was just think about that. What that means is that these kids have been educated for 12 years, and no one had ever sat them down and said, Okay, what the hell are you doing? And why? And how are you going to get like, where do you want to go? Why do you want to get there? How are you going to get there? How are you going to mark your progress? They've never walked them through that exercise. You walk people through that exercise just to get them to do that increases the probability that they'll stay on track by 50%. That's incredible. Well, it's one of the things I've always complained about is that they, no one to people teach you facts. They don't teach you how to approach life. They don't teach you how to think they don't teach you how to confront a wider insecurities and different traps that your mind will set up for you. Yeah, well, that's what partly what's so fun about doing this lecture tour, because that's exactly what I'm talking to people about. One of the things I talked about is well, why do you think why bother thinking?

It's like, anything? Well, that's obvious. It's like, no, actually, it's not so obvious. It's like, the issue that I discuss with my students at university a lot is, well, why write a good essay?

Why bother? Well, to get the grade, it's like, no, that's not why. And if you think that, well, that's better than not thinking that there's any reason for writing, but it's a bad reason why, right? Well, writing is a form of thinking. It's actually the most demanding form of thinking, I would say there's other forms that are demanding.

So how do you write a good essay?

Pick a topic that matters to you. Because if you're not writing about something that matters to you, it's like you're not living something that's meaningful, it's wrong, you're not going to write a good essay, because you're wrong, right? To begin with, it has to matter to you. Well, why does it matter? What what does it mean that it matters? Well, it means that it's going to affect how you make decisions in your life. Something that matters affects how you make decisions in your life. Well, why does it matter how you make decisions in your life, because if you make so stupid decisions, you're going to increase the sum total of suffering a lot, you're going to do stupid things to yourself, you're going to do stupid things to other people, and you're not going to be as good a person as you could be. So not only will you do stupid, and terrible things, but you won't have manifested the good in the world that you could have manifested. So that's the luck. So you write an essay, so that you can think and you think so that you can live properly. And so you write damn carefully, you make sure that every single bloody word is a word that you want to use, and you make sure the phrases that you put the words in are as solid as they can be. And you make sure the sentences are well constructed, and that they're organized into proper paragraphs, and the paragraphs are sequenced. And the content of the thing matters, and you put your soul into it. And you know, when you've done that, because it's gripping when you write, it's meaningfully engaging. And this is another thing that I've been sharing with my audiences. Meaning is actually an instinct, like you think. Okay, so we already decided that incremental self improvement is the proper route. Okay, so how do you know when you're incrementally self improving properly? And the answer is, it's deeply engaging, it's deeply meaningful. And the reason for that is you're actually adapted neurologically to identify the pathway of maximal incremental improvement. That was a discovery, conceptually by a guy named Vygotsky, who is a Russian neuro psychologist who coined the term zone of proximal development, you hear now and then people say they're in the zone. That's the zone of proximal development. And that's that place that you occupy when you're improving at the rate that's optimal to you. And your sense of intrinsic meaning signifies that that's how your bloody brain is wired. And so then you might say, well, what's the antidote to the tragedy and malevolence of life? And the answer is to put yourself in the zone of proximal development, because that's where the maximum meaning is, and that actually does prepare you for life. And so the question, Why think is, well, you think before you act, and you act to put yourself in the zone of proximal development, and you do that too, as an antidote to the catastrophe of life? Well, that's the Well, that's the answer. And the thing that's cool about that, then this is a thing, part of what I've been telling people that sort of novel as well, where's the meaning? The meaning is in responsibility. You know, because people avoid respond. That's Peter Pan, again, avoid responsibilities, just a burden. It's like no, it's not it is a burden, but voluntarily hoisted. It's the place of maximum meaning, and the more responsibility you take, the more meaning you have. And that's the antidote to the catastrophe of life. And everybody also knows this because just look, it's so simple.

When are you sick of yourself? Well, that's when you're being used

Listen and irresponsible for yourself and for your family and for your community. You're not even taking care of yourself. Well, you can't sleep with a clean conscience unless you're psychopathic, if you're not taking care of yourself. And then when can you? When are you not awake in the morning at three in the morning tearing yourself apart with a guilty conscience? It's when you've done something useful, at least for you. You know, and you can say, Oh, well check one on my side. You say, Okay, so fine, you adopt a little responsibility for yourself, and you can sleep with a clean conscience. What happens if you adopted full responsibility for yourself, and then for your family, lots of the people that are coming to talk to me say now, I've been really trying to put my family together. I have made that a goal. I'm trying to heal my family and bring it together. And it's working. So here's a story. I love this story, man, it just killed me. I was in LA at the Orpheum. And you know, it's rough downtown in LA places around the Orpheum, too. And Tammy and I, my wife, because she's traveling with me. And it's a big help, by the way.

We were wandering around downtown LA this morning after the talk, and we're walking down the street, and we were on streets we probably shouldn't have been on. But in any case, because what the hell do we know being stupid Canadians. And so we're walking down the street and this car pulled up beside us. And this kid hopped out in his good looking Latino kid, 2021, something like that. He jumped over and he said, he's all excited. He said, Are you Dr. Peterson? I said, Yeah. He said, I'm really, really happy to meet you.

I've been watching your lectures for like a year and a half. And I've been trying to put my life together. And it's really working, I'm really doing way better. I really want it. Thank you. And so it's lovely. When you're walking down a kind of rough area, and somebody pulls up beside you, and they jump out of the car to tell you how much better their life is. That's a pretty good morning. And so but then that is no that happened. He ran back to his car, he said, Wait a minute, wait a minute, went back to his car, and he got out his dad. And they came over together. And his dad was just smiling away, like a real smile, you know, and so was the kid and they had their arms around each other. And they said, look like we've really been working on a relationship for the last year and a half. And it's going just great. We want to thank you. And then Father said something like, I'm really happy that you got my son back to me. It's like, Yes, that's what this bloody tour has been like. It's great. And everybody that's coming to these talks. That's what they're trying to do. You got 3000 people in each audience, and what they're trying to do is figure out, how can I take maximal responsibility for my own life? How can I imbue it with the meaning that helps me withstand tragedy and suffering? How can I be a better person? And wouldn't it be great if that was of optimal benefit to my family and the community? You get very emotional about it? Well, it's something Joe Jesus, I've seen, like 150,000 people in the last two months, you know, and this is what it's, well, you'll have a chance to talk to Ruben about this, too. This is what it's been like, it's so positive, I can't believe it. It's just one person after another saying like, look, I was I was having a rough time. I'm really happy that I've been encountering what you've been talking about, I've really been trying to put things together. And it's really helping. You have Reuben was pretty blown away by it. We had a long conversation about it about he just feels like there's some crazy movement going on. It's something's changing in the world. Because of this, this new avenue of learning and development is opening up for these people. Well, well, I've been thinking about that too. Because, you know, like I said at the beginning, if you're surfing, you don't want to take responsibility for the wave. And so, you know, I mean, first of all, a lot of what I've been telling people are things that I've gleaned from the clinical literature and the psychological literature, it's not like I'm coming up with this of my own accord, right? I'm transmitting information that I've learned from very, very wise people. And so there's that. But also, we don't want to underestimate the utility of the technology, right? Because we have this long form technology now. And it's enabling us to have this discussion. And so we can get deeper into things publicly and socially than we were able to before. And I see this, I see this as a manifestation of that. And as an I'm hoping to that, maybe maybe what's happening because we've we're going to have a lot of adaptation to do in the next 20 years. As things change so rapidly, we can hardly comprehend it. And hopefully, the way we're going to be able to manage that is to think, and hopefully these long form discussions will provide the political or provide the public forum for us to actually think, to actually engage at a deep enough level. So we'll be able to master the transformations. And I think that's possible. And part of the reason that I wrote this book, and Well, part of the reason that I've been doing what I've been doing for the last 30 years is because I really have believed since 1985, something like that, that the way out of political polarization, the way out of the excesses of the right and the left is through the individual. I think the West got that right. The fundamental unit of measurement is the individual. And the fundamental task of the individual is to engage in this process of humble self improvement. I believe that's the case. And that's where the meaning is, and that's where the responsibility is. And I think and I'm hoping that if enough people in the West and then and then of the rest of the world for that matter, but we're very polarized in the west right now. If enough people

We'll take responsibility for getting their individual lives together, then we'll get wise enough. So we won't let this process of political polarization put us back to the same places that we went so many times in the 20th century. I don't see another antidote for it. It's not political. It's ethical. This is the message that I always hear from you. And this is you, as a friend, this is the you that I understand. But this is not how you're commonly represented. You are the most misrepresented person I've ever met in my life. I have never seen someone who has so much positive that gets ignored. And where people are looking for any little thing that they could possibly misrepresent and switch up and change. And I'm kind of stunned by it. I mean, I'm really not sure what it is about you that's so polarizing. With all these different people that are

deciding that you are some sexist, transphobic evil person, that's this right wing, all right, figure, you know, even to the point where it's, it's kind of humorous to me, sometimes when I've read some of these these takes on you.

What do you think that's from like, what, what is, have you this is a new thing for you. You mean, it's only been the last few years that you've gone from this relatively unknown professor in a University in Toronto to being this worldwide figure, where people you're, obviously your message is resonating with people in a very huge way. But the people that are opposing you, they're vehemently opposed. What do you think that is? collected? Stone like me? collectivists? What do you mean by that?

People who think the problem, the proper unit of analysis in the world is a political and be group oriented, the identity politics types don't like me at all. And they have every reason not to.

Because I'm not I'm not a fan of identity politics. I think things are your misrepresented. But fundamentally, there's other reasons. I mean, I came out against this bill in Canada, Bill C 16, that, that hypothetically purported to do nothing else, but to increase the domain of rights that were applied to transsexual people. But there was, there was plenty more to that bill. Bad. Let me tell you, and I read the policy doc, the policies that went along with it, and it was a compelled speech bill. And so I opposed it on the grounds that the politicians are not supposed to leap out of their proper domain and start to compel speech. It's not the same as forbidding hate speech. I think hate speech should be left the hell alone personally, for all sorts of reasons. But to compel the contents of speech is a whole new thing. It's never been done before in the history of British common law, English common law. And it's actually the Supreme Court in the 1940s, in the US said that that was not to be allowed. And so it's a major transgression. And they said, while we're doing it for all the right reasons, it's like, no, no, you don't get it. You don't get to compel speech. I don't care what your reasons are. And why should I trust your damn reasons? Anyways, what makes you so Saint like, so that you can violate this fundamental principle, and I should assume that you're doing it for nothing but compassion, and that you're wise enough to manage that property? It's like, sorry, no, I read your policies, I see what you're up to. I don't like the collectivists. I think they're unbelievably dangerous. And I have reason to believe that. So I think that when push comes to shove, if your unit of analysis is the group, and your worldview is one group, and its power claims against all other groups, that that that's not acceptable. It's it's tribalism of the worst form, and it lead to nothing but mayhem and disaster. And part of the reason you're doing it isn't because you're compassionate. It's because you're envious and you don't want to take responsibility for your own life. And I'm calling you want it. And so you don't like me, so I must be an alt right figure. I must be a Nazi. Say and your house needs a lot of work, man. There's a lot of rot in the in the floorboards, the plumbing is leaking, the water's coming in. You're not You're not the sage and Saint you think you are, there's so much work you have to do on yourself that it would damn near kill you to take a look at it. Do everything honestly think that that's why people are responding to you in a negative way, that they only have their own personal problems that they're avoiding. It can't possibly be that you represent to them. Something that is either cruel, or something that is not compassionate about people and their differences and their flaws and their, their humanity. Because I think it's certainly the case that they're the vision that's been generated of me is yes, that's what I'm getting at. Oh, yeah, there's that too. But why is layers a there's Well, part of its the political polarization. You know, at the moment, we're viewing almost everything that happens in the world through a political lens, at least the journalists, at least first of all, first of all, I

Got it got to make this clear. First of all, I've been treated well by lots of journalists really well, like the best journalists in Canada have been on my side since about two weeks after the Bill C 16. Thing erupted. And those would be the journalists that have an independent voice, and that are, that have created their own following. And they're in a number of different media places, mostly in print. Okay. And there's a, there's a coalition of, of newspapers in Canada, the post Media Group 200 newspapers, they came out fully in support of my stance on on Bill C 68. And so there's lots of times that I've been treated properly by journalists, there's a small number of journalists very noisy, and a small number of activists very well organized, who have been on my case right from the beginning. And those are people who are generally driven by a very radical leftist progressive agenda, and I am not on their side. I'm on their side as individuals, I'm on their side as people who could struggle forward, but the collectivist vision, it's deadly, but you seem to be the poster boy, for this very simple,

just characterization, like almost a caricature of what the the the alt right figurehead is, it's to me, as a person who knows you, it's very strange to watch this take place. And then when they can find anything that you say, that could, without further explanation, or definition, be misconstrued as appealing to this definition of you. Like, for instance, when all this when this

was, I guess they call themselves in cells, involuntary celibates, when all this stuff went down this car drove his car into a group of people. It's horrible tragedy.

One of the things that you talked about within cells is that, and this was a part of the role. What was it the New York Times piece? Yeah. You said one of the cures for this is enforced monogamy. People decided, and you know, I had never heard that term before, quite honestly. And I was like, what is it? What the fuck does that mean? It's a psychological term. And what it means is enforced by culture, that it is a good value monogamy. Yeah. Because polygamy, polygamous societies tend to become ultra violent. Yeah. And that's been known in the anthropological literature for 100 years. And certainly leftist anthropologists were among those who discovered it. Like she knew the journalist knew perfectly well, what I meant by enforced monogamy. She's not stupid. It's, you use it as if everybody would understand it, because you're an intellectual and because you're a professor and do was also two minutes out of a two day conversation. You know, it's like, so if that's how she just glanced Oh, well, it's so funny. That was funny in some sense, because my sense is, if you want to pillory someone, you should attribute to them views that someone somewhere has had. And the implication of that part of the New York Times article was that I wanted to, you know, take new bio young women at the point of a gun under state enforcement and deliver them useless, man, it's like no one has ever believed that. So Trinity sounds like it's a really the optics of that that statement are very bad. But the question is, why didn't why wasn't there follow up questions? And if there was follow up questions to get you to define what you mean by enforcement. There were they just didn't make it into the piece? That's a real problem. Yeah, it's a real problem. That's a real problem, because that's that that is so it's so ridiculous, because an accurate definition of who you are. One of the things I've said continually, and this is on record in multiple places. It's like okay, so you're a young man. And all the women are rejecting you.

Who's got the problem? It's not all the women. That's a bad road to go down. If all the women are rejecting you. It's you. We both agree on this. But why is enforced monogamy the solution for people that are involuntary celibates? Well, it's the solution to the it's the solution to the relationship between men and women, fundamentally, is monogamous social norm. Men are unattractive if these men are interesting to them. But these men are unattractive to women. I don't mean just physically unattractive mean women aren't seeking them as mates.

They need to become men. Yes, they certainly decided this solution. That's the solution. Absolutely. We both agree on this. But what they need to do that in a society where monogamy is the social norm, but isn't the social norm anyway? Well, that was partly my point. Although, to the degree that we deviate from that we tilt towards a more violent society. I was making a very minor point. I don't think they're related. Quite honestly, I don't I don't think that involuntary celibates, I don't think that having enforced monogamy as a part of our cultural norm is going to help those people really does. How's it going to help them? Well, because what happens is if a polygamous society develops, which is the alternative, then a small minority of men get old

Women, that's what happened. Okay.

That's the only point that I was making is theory, theoretical world where polygamous societies exist, and mass and then you do have this problem with this a small group of men that are fucking all the women. But that's not what we're talking and also making the women unhappy, right because the women don't have any access to a genuine intimate one to one relationship over any long period of time, which just doesn't work. Well. It's the whole idea so much as women want that right. Sure if you have children, right. But I still don't think that that is why these men are involuntary celibate, and I don't think it's the solution to that I think the solution is that they need to become attractive. Yes, that is the solution is no doubt I don't I don't think the two are related. Well, the only the I was making a minor point. The minor point was that one of the ways that societies around the world have figured out that you keep young male aggression under control is by enforcing monogamous standards, because it gives everyone a chance. In some sense. That's the only chance meaning if it clears more,

more women will be available for one on one relationships, rather than one guy who is, you know,

whatever, for whatever reasons, will you see this figure in society? Well, you see this happening in universities where women outnumber men. So the man hypothetically have more sexual opportunity. But that isn't what happens. What happens is that a small minority of men have all the sexual opportunity, a fairly large minority of men don't, the women are unhappy because they can't find a committed relationship. It's bad for most of the men, and the men who have all the sexual opportunity get cynical. But isn't this in some ways, against your whole idea of equality of outcome? Because you're talking about equality of sexual outcome? Now, if these men, if you see that guy,

James, that's dominant basketball player that just kicks everyone's ass. This is the this this is a guy who succeeded at the highest level, right? Well, there's gonna be people like that sexually. There's going to be people that are better at finding mates, and that this is what they enjoy. They enjoy having many mates, they enjoy being. Yes, but But if this is what they enjoy, if it's a man who doesn't want a family, and enjoys dating multiple women, Why is that bad? Well, I think the fundamental reason it's bad is because it's bad in the long run for children. It's bad for children if he chooses to have children. Yeah. But that's but that's it. That's the fundamental issue as far as I'm concerned. Right. And I think it's the answer, look, to give the journalist credit. That is the point she was making, you know, apart from pillorying me, and caricatured my perspective, that was the point she was making. Well, first of all, I'm not in favor of unbridled hierarchies. Like I already said that, you know, the proclivity of a hierarchy is that all the spoils go to the person at the top right, and that can destabilize the whole structure. So we have to have a dialogue about how to rectify that. But how would you possibly rectify that if one man is but let's say if we've got one, six foot five beautiful man who's got a perfect body, and he's brilliant, and he just wants to date a bunch of women? Yeah. And all the rest of the people are five foot one, and they're fat. And they're lazy, and like this guy is going to if this is the competition, he's going to win. Yeah.

Yep, there's no way around this. And yet even what's decide to have

enforced monogamy and Blair becomes a popular thing. The women are going to be more drawn to him. If he chooses to date them, they might decide, I would rather have him some times than never does. That is actually what does happen. But what is wrong with that? Well, what's wrong with it? Is that it destabilize the society and it's bad for children. Right? You said that, but what if they don't want to have children, but there's a lot of people that don't want to have children. There's a lot of people that choose to go their entire life without having children as men in their 30s. And what some of my friends have vasectomy, they don't want children.

So why, why would that help in any way these involuntary celibates? Well, I think you tilt the society so that it serves the interests of? Well, that's a good question to you. But you've seen my point, when I see your point, no doubt about it, you're almost having you're almost forcing an inequality in an equality of outcome. I know that when that was her point to, to the degree that she had a point that was her point. Now, and but it's not, doesn't run contrary to my opinions, that the issue of outcome has to be addressed already said, There's needs to be a reason for the left and the right. And then the problem with hierarchies is they can get too steep and destabilize everything that does happen. That particularly happens in the sexual domain. And there's plenty of anthropological evidence for that. But you still might say, well, who cares? Because the men who are who are winning should be allowed to win and the women should be allowed to choose. It's right. Yes, except that there's the problem of children. And so society step

sent on behalf of the children, and you can say, Well, lots of people don't want to have children. Yes. And that's truer now than it used to be, although many of those people end up having children anyways, you know, the guys who snooping around all the time. So that doesn't circumvent the problem. But the issue here for me isn't the man or the women, it's the children. We're trying to set up societies where the probability that children will be raised in something approximating an optimal environment is optimized. And that's going to mean sacrifice of opportunity and choice on the part of adults. It's necessary, I agree with you. But I think that what we're talking about mirrors what we're talking about in sports, it mirrors what we're talking about in business, it's everything else, there's going to be people that are better at all different aspects of life, there's going to be people that are talented in terms of like getting women to like them. Yes, that's true. But that's why also look, you see this, right, women are high Pergamus, which means they make up and they meet across an up dominance hierarchies. And so if you're a male who's successful in a given hierarchy, the probability that you're going to have additional mating opportunities is exceptionally high. It's an unbelievably good predictor of that, that hypergamy is a very uncomfortable discussion. Yes, certainly, it doesn't matter. Well, there's plenty of uncomfortable discussions, too. That's a big one, though. It is the idea that it defines women's sexual choices by the fact that they want bigger, bigger, better, while someone who's more more successful, someone who's higher on the social ladder than what they're accustomed to, or what they have. Well, what women do is like, mate choice is a very difficult problem. So how do you solve it? Well, here's how women solve it, throw them in a ring, let them compete at whatever they're competing at, assume that the man who wins is the best man marry him. Yes, it's a brilliant solution. It's a market oriented solution. It's actually the solution that appears to have driven our evolutionary departure from chimpanzees. It's a biological solution. It's a biological solution, which cost what is the cost? Well, the cost is the cost is polygamy.

And so we rein that in with enforced monogamy, and we do that in order to provide stable stable circumstances for children is, polyamorous is a polyamorous society, just as unattainable as this utopian Marxist? Yeah, I think so. Because it looks like this is another point I was making that didn't get covered in the article I wrote about it somewhat extensively on my blog, is that societies tilt towards monogamy across the world is human universal. Now, that doesn't mean that people don't have polygamous or polyamorous tendencies, because they certainly do. And it's certainly also the case that one of the women ways that women gerrymander this system is that like the number of women, children who are in a, say, say you're married, and you have children with your husband, but you also have an affair. And so we have a child by another man, that's more common than anyone suspected. So part of the way that women solve the problem that you're just describing, and I'm not saying anything for this, or against this, this is a purely factual biological claim, is they pick a monogamous marriage, and they cheat with high status guys.

Now, you know, obviously, in the confines of the marriage, that's a terrible thing. But that's a very uncomfortable subject, though, for women in particular uncomfortable subject for everyone, right, but it's a terribly uncomfortable subject. They don't like the idea that this is a common thing, that women choose a safe man that is willing to be monogamous with them. And perhaps maybe they're above him in a social class or in sexually, and then they'll cheat with someone who is

it's common, but it's not the norm. Right. It's still the norm not to do that the norm is fidelity. Right. But but there's plenty of exception. This is enforced monogamy. Cultural is the norm. This is the definition first, monogamy is this it's like Okay, so my son's getting married in September. And so so let's say he comes to me in a year, and he says, Hey, Dad, guess what? I've had three affairs in the last year, and they've all been successful. I haven't got caught. Aren't I a good guy? What am I going to say to that? No, what the hell are you doing? That's not what you're supposed to be doing. That's enforced monogamy. enforced monogamy, meaning the people around you try to guide them in a way that you think is gonna Yes, it's a harmonious family? Yes, it's built deep into the cultural norms. And if that starts to destabilize, then there's trouble. And that doesn't mean that it's not prone to all the problems that you laid out. Look, there isn't a bigger problem than successful reproduction. It is the big problem. And all of the solutions that we've generated for it are full of flaws. Like here's an example, the gender pay gap. Okay, there's no gender pay gap. There's a mother gap. There's other reasons too, but women really take a hit when they become mothers. Okay, that's unfair. Fair enough, man. What the hell are you going to do about it's not just that though, right. And this is what also, I'm sorry to interrupt you here. But this is what's one of the things that I wanted to bring up with our caller

lost track of it, the misrepresentation of you mirrors the misrepresentation of the gender pay gap, because it's a convenient misrepresentation that upon further inspection and understanding, you realize there is no gender pay gap, the gender pay gap, when people discuss it that don't understand. And I've had these conversations with really intelligent people that just listen to what's in the news, or read some very quick article talking about this problem that we have. And they assume that a man and a woman are working the same job, but the woman is unfairly paid 79 cents to the man's dollar. That's not the case. It's not close to the case. The case is, women choose different professions that don't pay as much. They work less hours, and they oftentimes get married and have children and because they have children, they take paternity leave, and we make less money that way. And they make less money because of that. So it's about 10 reasons or 20 reasons for the for the gender pay gap. Right? One of them being motherhood, but there's a whole slew of them. But

jobs, men work outside men are more likely to move, but it's never discussed. It's don't like multivariate problems. It's not just that it's a willful misrepresentation of a reality. Yes. And I think it mirrors this willful misrepresentation of where your where you stand. And I think these are all tied in together with people want bad and good. They want to one in the zero. They want things to be very binary. Yeah, they want them to be binary in the way they already understand. They want everything to fit their ideological lens. And things are more complicated than that. This is a complex discussion that you're not going to get in a five minute segment on a talk show, right? You're not going to get this on a radio show. You're not going to get this in an article that gets edited by someone with a biased opinion. Yeah, and this is the problem with mainstream media. And this is a problem with ideas period, Warren Farrell's book on he wrote a book called Warren Farrell is the guy who's most what would you call be most pilloried for pointing out the real reasons for the gender pay gap. He wrote a book called Why men make more hoody rated for his daughters. Why? Because he wanted to help provide now he obviously he was doing it for public consumption as well. But one of the motivations was, well, men do make more well, why? And if women want to make more well, could they learn from the men who make more how to make more? And the answer is yes. The question is whether or not they'll do it. And probably the probable answer is, most women won't. Because how much you make isn't the only hallmark of success in your life. You know, it's like, it's one measure. And it might be a measure that really competitive men compete for and they do. And that's partly to provide access to x to increase mating opportunities, because that's built into the structure, something we never talk about either, although we could. So Warren wrote this, to lay out all the reasons that men make more, but it was so that his daughters, at least in part, so that his daughters could figure out how to be socio economically successful. It's like, Yeah, but that's not the only Hallmark. How much socio economic success are you willing to sacrifice to spend time with your kids before? They're three years old? Right? Well, the answer to that shouldn't be none. Right? Because what makes look we already know this, for example, once you make enough money to keep the bill collectors at bay. So that's kind of lower upper working class say something like even centrist working class, keep the bill collectors at bay. additional money doesn't improve your quality of life.

Other things do. So maybe it's a rational response. When you're like 30. See, the Irrational Man, here's the Irrational Man, maybe they drive the world, but they're the irrational men. More success is always better along this unit dimensional axis of achievement. Well, Gordon Gekko greed is good. Well, there's a tiny percentage of men who are hyper competitive along those single axis of competition. And maybe they drive most things they probably do. But that doesn't make them right. It also doesn't make them most people and it doesn't make them happy. Well, happy is a whole different issue. Right? That's what they're out of it because everyone is well, you are though in pursuit of success, it's implied that happiness goes with that success. Otherwise, why the fuck you doing? Yeah. Well, domination, domination, power, x, charisma, prestige? Well, yeah, apply it is success and happiness are they're inexorably connected in our perception. Yeah, well, there's often a flawed equation. You know, like, what happens? Look, I worked in law firms with law firms for a very long period of time, and I worked for lots of high end women, lots of them, and they were like, they were usually extremely attractive. They were extremely intelligent. They were extremely driven. They were very, very conscientious. They varied in how agreeable they were some more disagreeable litigator types, and some were more agreeable. They often had a harder time in the law firms, but the law firms lose all their women in the 30s. They all bail out at partner level. A lot of them Well, Jesus, it's, yeah, good percentage. It's a huge percentage. And it isn't because the law firms don't want them. The law firms want them because you can't find people like that they're really rare, especially if they're also rainmakers if they can bring in money. So the law firm

Bend themselves over backwards trying to keep the women who can't keep them. Why will the women decide that?

Oh, I'm working 18 hours a day, flat out all the time, seven days a week,

my husband makes a fair bit of money. If I made half as much money as I made, we'd still have plenty of money. Why am I working 18 hours a day? Well, that's not the question. The question is, why would anyone work 18 hours a day? That's the mystery? And the answer is a small minority of men are driven to do that. And so they will do that no matter where you put these guys, that's what they do. Yes. Okay. But that does that mean, it's correct. I think there's something wrong with these women, they hit 30. They've hit partner, they've hit the pinnacle. I mean, they could keep going if they wanted to. But they've accomplished their goal. They've definitely shown them their bloody well in the game. And they wake up at 30. And they think, oh, wait a minute, I want to have a relationship. And also, I want to have some time to put into that. I'd like to have kids. And I'd actually like to see my kids. It's like, sad, irrational. This is another thing that you and I are in agreement on. But when I see people talk about the way you discuss women, they misrepresent what you're saying and paint you in what I think willfully paint you they do it on purpose, they paint you as a misogynist. I don't understand why I don't understand if it is because they disagree with you on things. So this is a convenient way to demonize your position by demonizing you as a human being.

But, well, it's partly to because I've made the case that there are differences between men and women. Yes, by like, why that isn't a feminist case is beyond me. It's like no, they're exactly the same. It's like no, they're not. It's ridiculous. It is and it's convenient. It's confusing, purposefully confusing. Yeah. And then thing is the data are in. So look.

And people have accused me of pseudoscience, you know, which I really think is quite comical, because the studies that I'm reporting aren't who's accused you of pseudos Oh, God, journalists, journalists of all stripes, especially when I talk about differences between men and women. It's like, oh, that's pseudoscience. It's like, actually, no, it's not. It's bloody mainstream science, both biology and psychology. But why do they like to do that? Well, because it seems to be there's a reason that goes along with the radical leftist agenda, that if there are,

that a world of equality of outcome could not be achieved. And that's the desirable world. If there are actually differences between people, actual differences, like that aren't just socio culturally constructed so that you gerrymandered there's also something as well, if you're really power mad, you want to believe that human beings are infinitely malleable, because then you can mold them in whatever image you want. And if you say no, they actually have a character, right? There's something built in, then that interferes with the totalitarian regime. But here's what's happened is like, look, we've got a good personality model. We've had it for about 40 years, something like that, the Big Five model, five dimensions of personality, and they were established statistically, a theoretically by left leaning psychologists. Okay, and I'm not saying that there is ideologically contaminated. But what I am saying is, there's no evidence whatsoever that right wing leaning psychologists produced the Big Five, because there are no right leaning psychologists. So enough of that, that isn't why the Big Five came up. Okay. So once you have a good personality model, you can say, Okay, well do men and women differ? And the answer is, yeah, it turns out they do. There's quite a few differences. But the biggest ones are, women are more agreeable, because that's one of the traits agreeableness, and it's the compassion politeness dimension. And they're more prone to negative emotion, anxiety and emotional pain. And that mirrors a psychiatric literature that shows worldwide that women are more likely to be diagnosed with depression and anxiety, just like men are more likely to be imprisoned for antisocial behavior, which is the reflection of low agreeableness. This is true worldwide. Okay, so there's no evidence of any bias. Unless you say everything's biased everywhere in the world. Fine, could be, but we've also controlled for that. So now, there are personality differences between men and women. Now, the first thing we might point out is they're not that big. So if you draw a random woman and a random man out of the population, and you had to bet on who is most aggressive, least agreeable, and you bet on the woman, you'd be right 40% of the time, which is actually quite a lot, you'd be right quite a lot. But if you take the one in 100, person who's most aggressive, least agreeable, there's an overwhelming probability that there'll be male, because the differences get more extreme at the, at the ends of the distribution. People don't understand the statistics, you can have two populations that are quite similar and still have radically dissimilar outcomes if only the extremes matter. So like, who are the most powerful physical fighters in the world, man, all of them. Well, does that mean that there are no women who can beat a man in a fight? No. It also doesn't mean that there are there's plenty of women who are more aggressive than men. But if you take the most aggressive, physically powerful

people, they're all men, all of them, because they're like one in 1000 people or one in 10,000 people. So you can have walloping differences at the extremes despite most most similarity at the middle. People don't understand that. But then the next thing is okay, well, there are differences between men and women, personality wise, apart from the biological ones. Are those caused by cultural differences? Hey, turns out we can answer that how

rank order countries by how egalitarian their social policies are. Does everyone agree? Yeah, yeah, the Scandinavians are at the top. Everyone agrees, left, right. Doesn't matter. Everyone agrees. It's like, okay, so you stack up the cultures by how he egalitarian their social policies are. And then you look to see how big the differences are between men and women up that hierarchy of egalitarianism. And if as the societies become more egalitarian, the differences between men and women disappear, then it's socio cultural.

That isn't what happened. What happened was, is that as the societies got more egalitarian, the differences between men and women got bigger, not smaller. It means the socio cultural construct people and I'm talking to you sociocultural construct people, you're wrong. You're wrong. You make the societies more egalitarian men and women get more different who makes the argument in opposition to this all the all of the social constructionist all the radical left wingers and what are they uses fact they don't have facts, but then they criticize the whole idea of facts, then they go after the whole idea of science as a, as a, as a Western patriarchal construct, what's their motivation? The motivation is that if people are different than equality of outcome isn't is neither desirable nor achievable. And why do they want equality of outcome? Why is this? So? That's a good question. Well, part of it is part of it is actual compassion. look round. It's it's not good that some that people lose, and it's certainly not good that some losers lose all the time. Who wants that you happy when you walk down the street and see homeless people? It's like, hey, look, the hierarchies working. Look at these homeless people. No one's happy about that. Right? Right. Okay. So the fact of failure within a hierarchy of value is painful. And so to give the devil his do you give the left it's do just like you do the right is like, yeah, it's painful that hierarchies produced dispossession. Bloody right. Okay, what's the cure? Get rid of the hierarchy? Hey, well, wait a minute, man, you get rid of the hierarchy, get rid of the value structure, you get rid of the tools that allow us to generate absolute wealth and stop people from starving. It's a catastrophe. Okay, so there's, there's the problem, you have to have the hierarchy. But then also, it isn't just compassion on the left. It's envy.

It's like, okay, if I'm so if I'm standing for the dispossessed, what makes me so sure that I'm not just standing against the successful? And maybe that's because I'm bitter and jealous and envious and resentful. That certainly, it's highly probable. If you look at what happened in the leftist societies that tried to pursue utopia, and you don't read envy and resentment into that you're not you don't know the history, because that's clearly the case. Why else did they become murderous? Well, this is the question. It's like, it's clearly the case that the Soviet Union, for example, was motivated by the desire for equality of outcome as a primary motivation, what happened? 25 million people were killed. Why? Why? What was it all compassion and love for the dispossessed? Or was it absolutely bitter resentment and hatred for anyone who had any shred of success whatsoever on any possible dimension of evaluation? So this compassion for people that aren't doing well, when utilized the wrong way, or when approached the wrong way, leads to attacking people that do well, so the danger of compassion? That's exactly Well, look, what happens if you get it. You say, Oh, look at how Isn't it lovely that the mother grizzly bear takes care of her cubs? Yeah, it's lovely man, till you get between her and her cubs. And it's not so damn lovely. And that's the flip side of that affiliate of agreeableness. It's like, if you if you're on my side, you know, if you're the infant who's sheltering under my wings, it's like I'm, I'm the absolute epitome of maternal love and care. But if I've identified you as a predator, you better look the hell out. And that's playing out in our political landscape at a very, very rapid rate. That's the female side of totalitarianism. As far as I can tell, the feminine side of totalitarianism. It's not just that it's not just that agreeableness motivates aggression, because it certainly does. It's also that it's that the envious and the resentful can use compassion as a as a camouflage for their true intent, which is to tear down anyone who has more than them. That's the way you notice, like when there's discussions about the 1% We already talked about this. Well, who's the 1% Well, it's I'm I'm I'm in, in I'm in the in the park in New York.

By demonstrating against Wall Street down with the 1%. It's like, Wait a second. You're in the 1%. There, Mr. protester. No, no, you don't understand. The rich are those who have more money than me? Yes, right. That's the definition who's rich? Someone who has more than me, not me. It's like, well, why why isn't the 1% North America? Why not? Because it's inconvenient. That's an inconvenient fact.

So that's part of it. But there's the the envy and resentment. This is the real pathological end of the full compassion that motivates the radical left. It's like, yeah, you liked the poor do you do? What makes you think you just don't hate the successful?

That's a question. It's like, because you're not perfect, man. There's hatred in you. And, and the probability that it's more powerful than love is pretty damn high. So.

So look to your own look to your own viewpoint, before you go out there and try to fix the hierarchies of the world just exactly what it is. And it's worse, like, look, in the Russian Revolution. For example, let's say just for the sake of argument, that the first rung of revolutionaries were only driven by compassion. Maybe they were, they all got killed. They got killed by the people who came after and they weren't so interested in compassion at all. They were interested in ferreting out everyone who had a modicum of success on any dimension and and doing them in. And that happened. In wave after bloody wave. They killed all the successful farmers. Those are the cool acts, the killed all of them, round them all up, killed him, rape them, stole other property, sent the remnants to Siberia froze them to death. 10 years later, 6 million Ukrainians died because they couldn't raise crops.

Why do you think that people are so opposed to discussing these things, or to challenging cultural norms? Because one of the things that I've seen, especially in terms of the differences between men and women,

this this reaction to some of the things that you've said, has been

very, it's very strange to me, it's very strange that people aren't recognizing that these are unbalanced approaches. And that there's, well, some of it's just complicated, Joe, it's like, well, let's say there are differences between men and women just for the sake of argument, the biggest differences seem to be an interest, by the way. And so what's going to happen is that if we let men and women sort themselves out, there aren't going to be very many female engineers and tech types, and there's going to be a lot of female nurses, there's not going to be many male nurses and healthcare types. There's not going to be very many male elementary school teachers, but as this bath Well, that's the question. Who knows? Do we know? I don't know. Well, the idea of having an equal society, where gender inequality is completely knocked down gender pay gap is non existent. Yeah. Well, that's a problem, because that's equality of outcome. Well, it's also it's yeah, the equality of outcome thing is a non starter, whether it's okay with, like, if men and women sort themselves into different occupations, which looks highly probable, I don't know if that's okay. And then it's also like, okay, compared to to what alternative? Right? Like, should every elementary school teacher be female? Should every psychologist be female? Because that's what's happening? And the answer to that is, well, I don't know. But there's another answer, which is, well, what do you propose as an alternative to free choice? That isn't going to cause more trouble than free choice? Because I would say, Well, okay, let's say I'm a feminist for the sake of argument. All right. So I think while there are differences between men and women, there are actual differences. And so some of those are biological, some of them are, are, are strategic, in some sense, because women pay a bigger price for reproduction. And so that's going to lead them to make different choices that's just rational based on its rationality based on biological differences. So it's like a second order biological difference. There's differences in temperament and interest, they're going to it's going to lead them to make different choices. Is that a pro feminist stance or an anti feminist stance? It's only anti feminist if you assume everyone has to be exactly the same, and the outcomes have to be exactly the same. If the if your goal is no leave people the hell alone, as much as possible. Let them make their own informed and free choices, then you let the differences manifest themselves in the world. And you take your you take your knocks because of that. The problem with that is this narrative of equality, the equality of outcome. Yeah, it's not just equality of human beings, that's looking at people as we're all equal. We're not just some people are different things were equal in terms of our rights, or in terms of the way we should treat each other. metaphysically equal Yes, right. But on every other dimension, we're radically unequal. And there's pain in that that's the problem of the problems. The problem is the pain in that is real. The only thing that's worse than the pain of inequality is the pain of forced equality. And I'm not being facile about that. It's like look, I see the, the IQ issues is the killer one for me. It's like law

If you have an IQ of less than 83, you can't be inducted into the American military by law. Why? Because there isn't a damn thing you can do that isn't counterproductive, despite the fact that the army wants you because they can't get enough manpower. That's what they decided. It's like, okay, so you, you're on the low end of the cognitive distribution. What are you going to do? Not much, and it's gonna get worse. Is that good? It's not good. It's horrible. Do we know what to do about it? No, right. And we can have equality of outcome amongst people with lower than 83 IQs. Right. No one's no one's advocating for that. No one's asking for that. Well, people always say, well, the IQ tests aren't valid. It's like, well,

yeah, one of the conversations that you had that I found to be shocking, and it started a trend of misquoting and misrepresenting you was you did an article an interview with Vice. And they use a snippet of one of the things you said and tried to pretend that you had made these very curt statements. And one of them well, he was, he was annoying, so I got kind of Curt, and that was probably my strategic error makeup. Is that the one you're talking about? Yes. Makeup and the way people dress, you know? And yeah, well, I was trying to draw, first of all, how was he annoying? He knew everything.

He knew everything. Well, it was just in his attitude. You know, it was challenging you he wanted, he wanted this from the very beginning. This was him. arms crossed, right, right. Eyes up. It's like, like, a I know more than you and B, you're probably that reprehensible person that I've thought about and this side job to reveal you. He was signaling he's left leaning, he was deciding that you what you were doing was representing the patriarchy or you were representing male dominant structures that he was saying that they're not correct. Yeah, was how you felt wasn't accurate assess, yeah. But it wasn't even that it was left leaning. I've talked to reasonable left leaning people. It was built right into his attitude. And so it made me a little test here that I might have been, which was my strategic error. And, you know, you asked earlier, well, why do I get pilloried with some regularity? And some of it is probably my own inadequacy? You know, it's it's not. It isn't that I've handled all the opportunities that I've had perfectly, you know, when I can get hot under the collar, it's a mistake. It's a mistake, because the right approach in these situations is to use minimal necessary force. And to allow myself to get

irritated, let's say, even minorly, when I'm faced with someone who's doing this is not productive doesn't work well. And so I really need to keep that under control. And when I do keep it under control, it works better. The makeup one was particularly annoying to me, because I think it's a valid conversation. It's an interesting conversation. I said, and they didn't put this in their initial cut. I said, I'm not saying that women shouldn't be allowed to wear makeup in the workplace. That explicitly Well, that was why people were so angry when they saw the full version of it. I mean, the full version was released. Someone leaked it, right? Someone who felt like you were being misrepresented and that the editing was unjust, decided to release it. And people were absolutely furious. Yeah, well, I think that I think the vise people actually released it, but other people took the full release and clipped it with the clip release and showed how it was being misread as it was. Yeah, but so Okay, so the makeup thing, it's like, Alright, look, here's the first of all, I make a mistake sometimes in treating journalists, like I would treat my graduate students. So when I'm having a conversation with my students, and we say, well, here's the problem. intellectual exercise, sexual sexual behavior. How do we regulate? What are the norms around sexual behavior in the workplace? It's not the question. It's a question. We don't know. Okay, here's a bunch of possibilities. Possible rules, right? No flirting, No hugging no eye contact for more than five seconds. That's Netflix. Right? No hugging nuts. It would be so damn right. To have no eye contact more than five seconds. That's Holy shit. NBC No hugging, that it was so real. It's real.

What if you're having a conversation with a woman who's your boss and she's asking you questions about things then you look down every five seconds. Fucking Christ. Is that real? Yes. Yes. It's real. It's real. So so bad. That's such a terrible idea. Yes. Yeah, it's a terrible idea. But there's a lot of women that I'm friends with that never had any sexual interest at all. And we looked at each other say, that's what you say, but you're a potential rapist. Manifestation? Yes. You get Yes, you get the whole picture. So so if you have a discussion, you say, Well, look, what are the rules governing sexual behavior in the workplace? Okay, can you come to work in a negligee A No. How about boxers if you're a man? No. Okay, so there's some out a short skirt. Well, this is the thing the devils in the bloody details right? Yeah, it's like okay, we you can't come to work naked. You can't come to work in boxer shorts. You can come to work in a suit. Okay, so the line is somewhere between boxers and suit. Where exactly is the line? Exactly. Can a man wear shorts?

Well, you cannot, why can a woman wear a dress the way that men in professional organizations, the way that men solve this problem was that everyone wore a uniform. And a uniform makes you uniform. That's why you wear it. And the uniform is the suit. And it's a derivation of a military of military garb. And so the idea was, well, we want to get rid of excess diversity, right? In clothing, where are your damn suit, then we know you're playing the game and we don't have to be distracted by what you're wearing. Okay, so that's what men did. Okay, so now women come into the workspace. It's like, Huh, what do they do? Well, there's business professional dress, right? And there's some rules around that. But But what are the rules? Exactly, exactly. And I was thinking, well, we're worried about sexual misbehavior in the workplace. You can't look at someone for more than five seconds. You can't give them a hug. Okay. What about makeup? Do we have a discussion about makeup? Oh, no, we can't have a discussion about that. It's like, all this makeup sexual signaling. It's like, well, if you're an if you're an evolutionary biologist, the question is makeup sexual signaling. That's not even a question. It's like, well, I've obviously that's what it is. That's what our conversation was frustrating. Because he was saying, because they want to do it. They want to wear it. They want to look good. Well, and maybe what does that even mean? Well, that's right. That's right. That's That's right. What does that mean? Well, everyone knows what that means. But no, he has to say that. No, he has to say that because in his tribe, you have to communicate that way. Right?

Oh, women wear makeup because they want to look good. But what do you do that because that's his take? Or because he's trying to rally you Oh, getting riled up right now. Both? Well, as a journalist, it's kind of his idea or his job to challenge you, in some way. And at the very least, offer the devil's advocate opinion. Sure. Explain yourself better. Why shouldn't they wear makeup? They just want to look good. You need to explain yourself better. Why you? But the way he did, it was like, Oh, Dr. Peterson, it's obvious what it means for them to look good. Like everyone knows that. Do you think? I don't know it? Like perhaps like he was intellectually sparring with you? And he was being aggressive about it? I think he felt I think he felt that I think he felt that it was necessary to challenge me that that was his role as a journalist. But fundamentally, he was smug. He thought he came out the entire conversation with an era of intellectual condescension. It was built right into the discussion right from the beginning. And he never dropped it a little. It's like, well, I know what you're doing. And I know what's up and I know how to take you apart. And I know that whatever you're talking about is just an attempt to defend your

opinions. Oh, God, about an hour, something like that. How much did they use? Oh, in the clips, hardly any of it? I don't even know a couple of minutes. So. Yeah, yeah. So your tendency to get riled up can be exploited? Yes, of course. It's the problem of deviating from the doctrine of minimal necessary force. Like the best times the best interactions I've had with contentious journalists is where I've absolutely kept my cool, you know, but, and Kathy Newman, yes, exactly, exactly. What you're saying is, well, that's what he was like, Yeah, it's like, I know who you are. And I know you're covering it up. It's like, well, it's these con, these concepts. These are complex situations, when you find men and women who are sexually attracted to each other, and they're working in confined environments for long periods of time. And they essentially spend more time with the people they work with than they do with their lovers and their wives, their husbands. And it's weird, you know, men and women interact with each other and closed in boxes is weird, right? And offices closed in box. They're all together. And if they find each other attractive, and they're interacting with each other socially, especially if there's any interaction that deviates outside of the work discussion.

You also don't want them to find each other unattractive, right? Like, like, if you're taking someone out for dinner on a business dinner. It's like even if it's guys going out together, let's say it's not like they're working to find each other unattractive and I don't mean sexually there's, you want to manifest yourself as enjoy each other's Yes, you do. And you want to be charismatic, and you want to be witty, and all of those things. And that shade, especially when you when you add assuming a heterosexual environment, you add a heterosexual component to that the borders become fuzzy. And so I was talking about border conditions. So while we were gonna have a conversation about this, let's talk about the border conditions. Oh, no, we can't do that. It's like, why don't that's the discussion you guys wanted. Why do you continue to agree to have these conversations that are going to be edited? Oh, well, that's a good question. The Jim Jefferies one was another one. Yeah, Jim's a friend of mine. But I mean, he gave you a good question. And you actually gave a good answer. And you said, Actually, I'm probably wrong about Yeah, and you were talking about whether or not gay people should whether someone should be forced to bake a cake for cake for gay people you said forced to probably not

So what if they don't want to bake a cake for black people? Yeah. And he said, Well, actually, probably, they probably should be forced to. Yeah, well, probably wrong. Yeah. Well, I was probably wrong in everything I did in that in that part of the discussion, because I hadn't thought that issue through enough to actually give a good answer. You didn't expect that issue? Because this is not something you talk about commonly? No. And it's, it's actually complicated, right? I mean, obviously, the whole I won't serve you because you're black thing is not good. But then again, you have you also have the right to choose who you're going to affiliate with. But then that's complicated, because it's a commercial circumstance. And then, if you're making a cake, is that the same as serving? Or is that compelled speech? It's like, Oh, my God, these are border cases that cause a lot of controversy. I don't mean serving black people. Obviously, that's not a border case. But these cases that cause a lot of controversy is where two principles are at odds. And it isn't exactly clear where to draw the line. And I'm not happy with, you know, I'm not happy with my answer to that. But I hadn't spent the like week would take to think through the issue and really have a comprehensive perspective, and expect that to be a subject anyway. No, no, what? How long did you talk to Jim for? Oh, I think about 45 minutes, maybe an hour long test? Oh, two minutes. Yeah. Well, my daughter has told me and my wife as well, my son as well, in these discussions, we've been thinking about how to handle the media, which has got a very complicated question. And one hypothesis being don't do interviews that will be edited. And I've thought about that, and, and been thinking about it, and that might be the right answer. It might be the right answer going forward. And it is the right thing. Well, it could be it could easily be, although it's the only way you can't be misrepresented. All the problems that I've seen with you, all of them come from you being edited. Yes. I mean, there's complex subjects that people would disagree with you on. But when you look at complete mischaracterizations of your point, these have been established because of editing. Yes, then I guess the only counter argument is this. And

I mean, a lot of these a lot of these opportunities come I've had opportunities that are coming at me rate at a rate that doesn't allow me to think them through as much as I could optimally. But but then there's another thing, which is,

it isn't necessarily a mistake, to lay yourself open to attack. Because sometimes it reveals the motives of the attackers. Like that's what happened in the Kathy Newman interview. Now, that could have gone really sideways. Like I was lucky there to some degree, because she interviewed me for 40 minutes or whatever, and something like that. And then they did chop it down to seven minutes or three minutes. And it was exactly what you'd expect. And that is what I expected. After I walked away from the interview, I thought, Oh, my God, they're just going to chop this into reprehensible segments. And pillory, me, but I walked away from it because there was 50 Other things to do. But then it was so funny because they didn't do that. And then they put up the whole interview. And the reason they put up the whole interview was because they thought the interview went fine. It isn't that they knew that that was going to cause commotion, not at all. Not a bit, not a bit. And I know this for a fact. So they put up the whole interview. And then well, what happened was what was actually happening revealed itself and that was very, very effective. Now that having that happen meant that I had exposed myself to substantial stress and risk because that was stressful. I mean, first of all, there was the interview. Second, afterwards, I thought, Oh, my God, I'm gonna get pilloried for that. Then they didn't release the cut. Then they released the whole thing. Then there was all this response to it. And then then the Newman people who were absolutely flabbergasted by the negative response said, Oh, Peterson has unleashed his army of trolls and poor Cathy had to go into hiding. It's like, there's no evidence of any credible threats. They said they called in the police, but you can do that without there being reason you can just say that, which is what they said they played a victim narrative instantly. Although one thing Kathy Newman is not even though she might play it at the behest of her employers is a victim. She's one of the most powerful people in Britain. She's no victim. So to play the victim card in a situation like that is absolutely reprehensible. But that's what they did. And then like a dozen newspapers did it and said, well, Peterson's trolls are attacking poor Kathy and I thought, well, now I'm really screwed. You don't own your fans. The idea that people that are interested in the things that you have to say that you have control over them like you can give them marching orders. Yes, foolish.

Well, and how many million? How many million people do there have to be before they're not all trolls? Yeah. Because that was the real issue there. It's like, okay, 10,000 people commented on the video trolls. Okay, what about 150,000? Well, what about 10 million? Well, now if you look at the video, which is about 10 million, plus all the clips, it's like 50 million, and the comments, the pro the comments that are critical. With regards to Kathy Newman's conduct are

running about 50 to one. That's all trolls, is it? I don't think so. It's preposterous that narratives. You see, that was that was a good example of of taking the risk taking the risk. And I'm not saying it's felt justified. And I think that it's very, very stressful, you know, but, you know, you take the good, you take the bad along with the good, and maybe maybe it's time for me, it might be time for me just to disappear to some degree altogether. You worry about being overexposed. Oh, definitely. I've been worried about that for

a long time. Yeah. And is there any benefit in that? Is it benefited more exposure? Are we talking about the same thing we were talking about earlier? With regards to men working insane hours? I mean, have you? Is your message out enough that you don't have to do these ridiculous interviews maybe instantly, maybe, maybe meet? Well, and I don't want to turn into a parody of myself. And all of that. I mean, I think, and I am trying to handle this. And I've got people who are advising me, we're trying to figure it out.

I think that this tour is a good thing. Yes. And but that's that's very controlled, I think, well, it's also completely unedited, yes, exactly. It is, and long form conversations. Yes. And I think that coming on your podcast and talking to Ruben on his shows, and so forth, I think that's good.

The interaction with the journalist, I'm certainly not taking anywhere near the number of opportunities that I have in front of me, right, we are trying to be very careful in picking and choosing, but that doesn't always go well. And it like it could be that

it could be that I shouldn't do anything that is edited at all. That's certainly possible. So

well, this is the problem you speak in these.

You speak in these long form, podcast, podcasts and interviews, and you get a chance to extrapolate and unpack some pretty complicated issues, and compare them to other complicated issues and try to find meaning and middle ground and, and try to try to illuminate certain positions. When you expose yourself to editing, you expose yourself to someone's idea of what the narrative should be, and how to frame your positions. And in

an dishonest way, you're seeing it time and time again. And it exposes the problem with medium look. I went to the Aspen Ideas Festival last week, which is a whole story in and of itself. But I was interviewed there by a journalist from the Atlantic Monthly. And it was a relatively long form interview. I think we talked for 40 minutes, something like that. And it's going to be edited. Now I trusted her. I trust her now whether that'll be what how that will play out in the final edit. I don't know, because she won't be the only one making the decision. Right? Well, the question is, should have I done it? Well, look, it was the Aspen Ideas Festival to different audiences left leaning, I thought, well, maybe I'll go talk to a left leaning audience. People are always criticizing me for not doing that. I usually don't do it because I don't get invited. But so I went and talked to them. It's like, and Barry Weiss interviewed me in front of the Aspen Ideas Festival. And that was long form uncut and put on the web. And so maybe that was useful, the Atlantic thing? Well, it might be good. We'll see. It does expose me to the risk, though, because it'll be edited. So it wasn't wise to do it.

Look, I've been fortunate so far.

Despite the fact that I've been taken out of context at times, and fairly significant proportion of times, but not the overwhelming majority of times, the net consequence of all of that has been

to engage more and more people in a complex dialogue, as far as I can tell. So

that's the good, that's the good, it doesn't mean that the strategy that I've implemented so far is the only strategy that will work into the future, we can also clearly establish it, you didn't planning this to happen this this whole thing that happened from you opposing that bill. And then going to where you are how many years later now? Two years, two years? Almost. That's fucking crazy. Yeah. I mean, you think about the transformation of your life and your, your public image. I mean, it's unprecedented. I don't, I can't think of a single public intellectual that has gone from being a universal University professor, to being essentially a household name. I mean, you get brought up with at least my circle of friends all the time. And people that I run into all the time, I can't tell you how many people I've run into, after comedy shows or in an airport that talk to me about you. So this is a mainstream thing. And yeah, well, so that consists not there's no precedent. No. Well, it's partly, you know, that's also part of it. The consequence of this technology, it's like, yeah, you know, like 2013 I thought, Hmm, wonder what will happen if I put my lectures up on YouTube? It's like,

beware

Our man. And that's what I thought when I made the Bill C 16 videos I got up at like two in the morning, I thought this is bloody well driving me crazy. That damn University is going to force unconscious bias retraining, which is not a validated process by any stretch of the imagination on its employees. And I work for the University, and I'm a psychologist. So what is the what's why are they doing that? Why would they do that? They did do that to silence people that are protesting. Are they doing that? Because they want to enforce a certain type of behavior? Why do I think there's two reasons I think that there's some genuine concern for the dispossessed. And then there's some hatred for the successful and some envy and some resentment. It's like everything that people do. It's complicated, you know, but the pathology is, well, that, that the HR types, for example, at the University think it's okay for them to retrain other people about their hypothetical views on the off chance that they might be racist, and forcing them to admit that they're racist by making them agree to participate in the training. I don't think that, but for me, that wasn't even the the issue, although it was an issue. The issue is, we can't measure unconscious bias reliably and validly. I'm a psychologist and a research psychologist, I know the literature. That's a misuse of it. It's a misuse of it, and the damn University was doing it. They were hiring consultants who didn't know what the hell they were talking about. Let me ask you this. If they are, this is a universities, yes, this is a an establishment for higher learning. How can they possibly act on something when there's no clear evidence that it's real, that it works, that it's effective, and they're doing it just to make people happy, or just to make themselves happy? Or just to reinforce an idea that they want to be told? That's the thing? That's the thing? It's part of, for me, it was part of the hegemony of the radical left? It's like, no, no, you're, you're not going to do that. At the university, I work out without me telling people that there's no warrant for that from the psychological community. So anyways, I got up at two in the morning and made these videos, I thought, well, let's see what happens if I make these videos. It's like, well, this is back to the technology issue. It's like, I didn't know what YouTube was, when I put my videos on it. You didn't know what YouTube was? Well, you know what i No one knows what YouTube is. Now the the thing Well, look at what happened to you, you have a million billion and a half downloads a year. It's like you're definitely riding a giant wave, like, what have you predicted this 15 years ago? No. So you know, you're in the right place at the right time. And you're very interesting interviewer because, well, especially for long form, because you're very, very

curious. But also very, very tough. Like, it's interesting watching you, because if you don't understand something, you will go after the person. And you're not doing it in a vindictive way. But you're quite a formidable interviewer. And, and I've been trying to figure out why you're so successful. And like, you're a lot smarter than anyone might think, which is quite interesting. So you're a weird combination. Because, you know, your persona doesn't shout intellectual. But you're damn smart. And you're tough is a bloody boot. And you ask really provocative questions, and not because you're provocative. And so your personality and this long form seem to suit each other really well, you're also really good at pursuing things you don't understand instead of assuming that you know what you're talking about. So you take the listeners on a journey, right? It's an exploratory journey. But fundamentally, what's propelled you to superstardom in some sense is not just your ability, which is non trivial, but the fact that you're on this giant technological wave, and you're one of the first adopters, and I'm in the same situation, we're first adopters of a technology that's as revolutionary as the Gutenberg Printing Press. And so that's all unfolding in real time. It's like, look at what's happening. Yeah, well, the spoken word is now as powerful as the written word. That's never happened before in human history. And we're on the cutting edge of that, for better or worse. That's a very good way to put it. The Spoken Word is as powerful Yeah, and maybe even more so accessible to people that don't have the time to read well, or stuck in traffic, you know, or and here's another possibility, maybe 10 times as many people can listen to complex information as can read complex information in terms of their ability to cope crisis, it sure could ease we don't know, maybe it's maybe it's the same, it's certainly easier to listen to a book on tape for me than it is to read a book. Yeah, well, so for so the question is for how many people is that true? And I would say it might be true for the for the majority of people, and then people are doing hybrids, you know. So because you can sync your book with Audible, right? So they read when they have the time, but then when they have found time, which is also a major component of this. That's the time when you're driving or the time when you're doing dishes is now of a sudden you can educate yourself during that found time. This is a big revolution. And the band blowing out the bandwidth makes a huge difference. Because while we talked about that at the beginning, looks like people are more intelligent than we thought. And you and I are both in the rest of this intellectual dark web. That's kind of what unites us, Hey, is everybody has an independent platform virtually everybody. They have an idiosyncratic view.

The point they're interested in having discussions and pursuing the furtherance of their knowledge, even though they might have a priori ideological commitment, Sam doesn't I suppose I do. And, and Ben Shapiro certainly does. But they're still interested in having the discussion. But more importantly, they're capitalizing on the long form. And the fact that that's possible is a reflection of this technological transformation. And the technological transformation might be utterly profound. It looks like it. And so that's, you know, I've been trying to sort this out because I keep thinking, Well, why the hell are these people coming to listen to what I'm saying? It's like, Well, I'm a guru, you know, I'm a sage, it's something like that. It's like, don't be thinking that first.

Think if there's situational determinants First, take your damn personality out of it. Okay, what's going on? Oh, yes, this is all fostered by YouTube and fostered by podcasts. What's so new about that? No bandwidth restrictions, no barrier to entrance, possibility of dialogue, because people cut up the YouTube videos into chunks and make their own comments on it. It's a whole new communication technology, also a lack of interference by executives and producers and all these different people that have their own bias. unmediated. Yes. unmediated as giant Yeah, yeah, well, and that's all part part of the reason you're so popular too, is like you just put this on, like, so you've got exactly the right balance of

competent production, because there's nothing excess about it. Like it's competent. But no more than that. I know, that's by design. But you also don't edit it. It's like, what you see is what you get, it's like everyone's relieved by that we can make our own damn decisions. Do I think that's very important. If you're going to have a conversation with someone that's honest, you can't decide what to leave in and what to take out. And it's just Well, that's partly also why I deal with the press the way I do, yeah, like, if I'm gonna have a full conversation, it's like, I'm willing to take the hits. Yeah, and I understand what you're saying. But that's one of the reasons why it frustrates me so much is that I see what they're doing. And I'm like, what you're doing is ancient. What you're doing is it's it's this is what people did 20 years ago, 30 years ago, you can't really do that anymore. You can't misrepresent people used to be able to if you were in the press, you could take people quote them out of context, do whatever the fuck you wanted, put an article about them. They couldn't do a goddamn thing about it happened to me, in 19. Oh, boy, it was like 99, I did a QA I had a comedy CD that came out. And this woman wrote an article about it. And it just, she just lied. She lied about my perspective, she lied about the bits, she misquoted the bits. She didn't just paraphrase them, she changed what the bits were to make them, you know, misogynist, or hateful, or whatever it was. And in doing so, I there was no recourse. There was nothing that I could do about them, like, wow, I'd never experienced that before. I was like, this is stunning. And I found out this person did that a lot. And this is what she did. And there's ultimate power that comes with being the person who has the pen, being the person who has the typewriter, and you're the person who works for, you know, the Boston Globe, or whatever the publication is that that is something that existed forever, you know, and that you had to be either a friend of the press, you had to play ball, you had to you had to bend to their will, you have to do what they wanted you to do. And they can misrepresent you and choose to paint you in any way they like. And it's one of the reasons why I don't do anything anymore. I don't do any interviews anymore. I don't do anything. I don't want to do anything. Yes, I do enough, man. You want to know about me? Fucking there's 1000 podcasts. There's more than 1000. I think there's,

there's 1100. And there's a bunch of other ones. Right? Let's just it's it doesn't make any sense. Yeah. Well, that that's that that it may also be the position that I increasingly find myself in, I think it's the right position, because then the misrepresentations don't exist anymore. So then the only problem is the dispute over the actual ideological conversations or the actual content. But you know, the thing is, you know, you made a point there that's quite interesting is like we are in a new media landscape. So now if someone comes out as a, as a media figure with some institutional credibility and misrepresents it's exposed, and so then the question is, how much risk should you shoulder to expose the proclivity for media misrepresentation? And the answer to that might be some now it might be moving, you know, maybe I've done enough of that. I mean, it would be easier for me in many ways, if I just stopped doing it, but but there's some utility and having it play out. And so well, so I'm trying to I'm trying to only take those opportunities that appear to have more benefit than risk and when I'm defining benefit, well, the question is then what constitutes benefit? And I guess what constitutes benefit is,

well, that would further the attempts that I'm making, to bring information to a vast number of people that could conceivably help them

To stabilize and improve their individual lives that's worth a certain amount of risk. Well, it certainly increases your profile increases your profile. And even if you know you have 60% of these people are going to get a bad perception of you 40% of these people that never heard of you now we're going to understand who you are because they do further investigation. So there's some benefit in that. But the negative, I mean, I get text messages from random people that I was friends with years ago, that say this Jordan Peterson is just such a lying sack of shit. And he's this now. I don't even know who the fuck you are. And then second of all, like, why are you contacting me? You're not even saying hi, you're saying Jordan Peterson is? This? Yeah, well, there's an emergency at hand. He's a scam artist, he's a fraud. He's like, wow. And so they'll see an interview, you know, like the the Jim Jefferies clip, which is a minute long, or whatever it is, or the Vice piece or the initial Kathy Newman piece. And they just formed this determined position on you and then read hit pieces on you. And then this is where they take their opinion. This is where it's from. It's and it's

I feel like these are the last gasps of a dying medium. I really do. I just I think too. I don't I don't think that people appreciate it. I think the people that are listening to this that do appreciate long form conversations, and with all warts, and all all the ugliness and the mistakes and the critical errors. And the people that appreciate that. They they they have a real hate for being lied to, you know, because it's it. It changed. When when you try not being treated as if they're stupid. Yes. Yeah. Which they aren't. Yeah, that's both. It's just it's, it's deceptive. When you when you edit someone and take their words out of context and change them around, you're being deceptive. The New York Times did that again, this week, they had some philosophy professor from Hong Kong University wrote a piece on me and he took they quoted me a was a sentence. There's like, the first phrase was in quotes. And then there was some joining words. And then the second phrase was in quotes, and there was some joining words. And then the third phrase was in quotes. And the three quotes added up to a statement that bear no resemblance whatsoever to what I was saying, how can they do that in the New York Times? That seems to me to be something that should be the the, I don't know what they still don't think they can do. I think they're killing their brand so fast that they that they can't, but it is so disturbing to me, as a person who's been a fan of The New York Times forever. I just don't understand how they could allow that to happen. How could you allow your what what is the gold standard for journalism? How could you allow it to become something that willfully misrepresent someone, but they never did to push an idea? I never did put my book on The New York Times bestseller list. It's quite comical. How's that possible? Oh, they have rules, which they don't disclose. But one of them apparently is, well, if the book is published in Canada and distributed in the United States, then it doesn't count, even though they've had books like that on the New York Times bestseller list before. And I think, Okay, well, is this bad or good? It's like, well, it's bad. Because to the degree that I might want to be on the New York Times bestseller list, although I haven't been losing any sleep over what you're selling. I know how many books are selling? Yeah, it's basically been the best selling book in the world since January. You know, it's gone up and down to some degree. But fundamentally, it should be the number one New York Times best selling book. So they have their reasons. And but I look at that, and I think, Oh, well, you can only do that 10 times until you're done. Like, because it's a fatal error. You have the gold standard for measurement, you're not measuring properly, you're burning up your brand. You think, Well, we're the New York Times so we can burn up our brand. It's like, No, you can't, Newsweek is gone. Time Magazine is a shallow is a shell of its former self. Like the big things disappear, and they disappear when they get crooked and ideologically rigid. And so that's what's happening at the New York Times. Not with everyone there, but with plenty of them. And people die faster than people think. But it's so confusing to me that it didn't used to be that yeah, and now it is. And they just responding to this new world where you have to have clickbait journalism. And, you know, people are struggling to find people to actual buy physical newspapers, which is well, two different things. It's hard to say like, because maybe see, it's weird, because you don't have to resort to clickbait. Because these long form discussions are the antithesis of clickbait. Right, but are they struggling in terms of like, how many people buy the newspaper? Oh, absolutely. Every newspaper, the newspapers in Canada went cap in hand to the federal government for subsidies about six months ago, because they're dying so fast. And so some of it is they're being supplanted by technology. That's a huge part of it. But as they are supplanted, they get more desperate. They publish more polarizing stories that works in the short term to garner more views, but it alienates people from the brand and speeds their demise. Classic death spiral of a big of a big organization. And that's going to clean things out like

Matt, I mean, I don't know where CNN is in the cable news rankings. Now our cable show rankings, but it keeps falling. But it's falling in the rankings as cable itself, disintegrates and dies. Why do you need cable TV? Right? No one needs cable TV. The only people who have cable TV are the people who fig haven't figured out yet that you can replace it entirely online for like 1/10 of the price with with much less hassle. But the irony is people want a location they can go to to find out what's going on in the world. And this is the one thing that they used to represent. And, you know, I mean, I don't think FoxNews is any better. I think you just have these ideological extremes left and right. And I remember very clearly watching the election coverage before the election, like leading up to the election, I would go Fox News. And then I go CNN, I just would go back and forth with them on my cable. And I would just be laughing about like, what is really happening in the world, because I'm getting two different stories. I'm getting Russia and I'm getting Hillary's emails. This is I don't know what the fuck is what what is happening. I'm getting pussy grabbing, and I'm getting you know, Benghazi, you know, I'm this is what I'm getting. I don't understand, like, why this is obviously ideological. This is not just it might be that as the technology is supplanted, the ideological polarization increases as the thing dies, right, they're struggling for any one to pay attention. And this is the way they have to do it to ensure and I think what's happening on the other side, which is the side you occupy, say is that a new technology that's long form, that deals with many of those problems is emerging, and it's going to emerge, it's going to be victorious, but in the mean, might already be victorious. In the meantime, baby stuff still exist in the digital world. Yeah. You know, and then you're getting a lot of the articles that are written about you people are absorbing these articles, not from a physical form you're getting it from from digital yet well, okay. So then the sense is, well, do you have fundamental trust in the judgment of your fellow? Man, let's say? And my answer to that is yes. Because although I've been pilloried to a great degree by the radical types in the commentariat, and the classic journalists,

the comments with regards to me on YouTube are 50, to one in my favor. And that's even the case when the ideologues put up videos about me, they're designed to discredit me. And I've sold a million and a half books, it's going to be published in 40 countries, and 1000s of people are coming to my lectures. And so I would say, the attempts to discredit me aren't working.

So and I think that's because that even like even if you go to YouTube, you can see Jordan Peterson smashes leftist journalist, you know, as a clickbait thing, someone's taken a two minute clip from a video and they put it out and they're using that clickbait headline to attract attention. It's like it does attract attention. And that probably even furthers polarization. But I think that most people, enough people, that's the prayer enough people are going for the long form thorough discussion, so that the sensible will, will triumph. That's what I'm hoping for the sensible will triumph. No, I agree. And I think that is what's happened. I think that's why this 50 to one number exists, is that there but the number one in that 50, the 50 versus, you know, the 50 people that are actually understanding what's going on and agreeing with you versus the number one that are trying to willfully misrepresent you, they still exist, and they're loud. And they're fighting to be right. And this is one of the things that people love to do. They love to fight to be right. Instead of examining their position and wondering whether or not they are taking you had a context and misrepresenting your positions to the world willfully. And doing so in order to paint a negative picture of you that does not accurately represent who you are what you stand for, yes, that but by doing this, they're destroying virtue without any of the work. They're also destroying their own credibility. Well, that's the thing. This is what's devastating. They're in they're trying to win. They're killing themselves right now. And that's a good, that's a good motif for the entire conversation. It's like, you try hard, too hard to win, you kill yourself. You were talking last night when we were when we were over dinner, you said that one of the most deadly things for a fighter to do is to overestimate his his own position. You're gonna get your estimate your abilities. Yes. If you overestimate your abilities, you you're you're in deep, deep trouble because you're gonna get a wake up call. Right? And objectivity is one of the most critical aspects of development you have to be you have to be objectively assessing your strengths and weaknesses. At every step of the way. Now it's brava bravado, right, I'm trying to prove how I'm so powerful. I'm so powerful. It's an ego shield. And that's why we're saying that the Ego is the Enemy we're talking about. So we you know, I want to get into this because this is a I think this is a fascinating thing with you personally, that your diet

you're on this carnivore diet now. Okay, so I want to preface that with something. I am not a dietary expert. So I'm now speaking as an uninformed citizen.

Yes. Well, this is anecdotal evidence from a human being has dealt with autoimmune issues. Yeah, their whole life. Yes. You have done this for how long now? I've been on a pure carnivore diet for about two months and a pretty, very, very low carb greens only modified carnivore diet for about a year or so in the year and a low carb diet for two years. So from the time that I've known you, I've known you for what, two and a half years now sometimes Yeah, when I first met you, you had much more weight on your body. You look different. And you were back then you were eating like the standard diet, right? Like normal people. Yes. pasta, bread, meat, chicken, whatever. Yeah, right. You shifted over to only meat and greens. I saw you and I'm like, You look fantastic. I'm like, What are you doing? And you're like, I changed my diet. I only meat and greens. And I was like, Wow, that's fascinating. Well, I felt like, Okay, what you're doing is cutting out refined sugars and all these different things that are problematic. Preservatives, all the bullshit, processed foods, and you're having this extreme health benefit. I was like, wow, that's really excellent. You're showing great discipline, then you decided to take it to another place and cut out the greens? Yeah, no. What was the motivation for cutting out the greens? Well, all of the motivation for this has been my experience with my daughter because she has an unbelievably serious autoimmune disease. I just talked to her this, what is it called? Well, it's it's arthritis. But there's, there's way more to it than that. But the arthritis was the major set of symptoms. She had 40 affected joints. And she had to have her hip replaced and her ankle replaced when she was 15 and 16. And so she basically hobbled around on two broken legs for two years in extreme agony. And that was just a tiny fraction of the of the whole set of problems. I just talked to her this morning, she's in Chicago, looks like she has to have her ankle replacement replaced. So that's next on the horizon. But But apart from that she is doing so well. Now, it is absolutely beyond comprehension. So she's, she's she's very trim. She had a baby, but she's very trim, she's down to about 118 pounds, she's about five foot six, she's just glowing with health, all of her autoimmune system, symptoms are gone, all of them. And she was also seriously depressed, like severely depressed way worse than you think she couldn't stay awake for more than about six hours without taking Ritalin.

And she was dying and had a cousin my cousin's daughter. She died when she was 30 from an associated autoimmune condition. So there's a fair bit of this in our family. It was bloody bleak. I'll tell you, and my wife always had a suspicion that this was dietary related, you know, and I?

Well, we did notice that when Mikayla was young, if she ate oranges, or strawberries, that she'd get a rash, like there were there were there. And then when she developed arthritis, if she ate oranges, in particular, that would definitely cause a flare, it was the only thing we could see. The problem is, is that in order to identify a dietary component, the response has to be pretty quick after you eat the thing. Like if it's two days later, how the hell are you going to figure that out? A lot of these responses appear to be delayed for four days, and last a month. So good luck figuring that out. Anyways, Mikayla noticed about three years ago, no more than that now, five years ago, she was at Concordia University and struggling with her with her illness and all the association associated problems. She noticed that around exam time, she was starting to develop real skin problems. And my cousin's daughter, who I mentioned, had really bad skin problems and wounds that wouldn't heal. And that was partly part of the process that eventually killed her. And she thought, Oh, it must be stressed. And then she thought, wait a second, I really changed my diet. When I'm studying, all I do is eat bagels, all I do is eat bread sandwiches, she thought, maybe it's the bread. So she cut out gluten first. And it had a remarkable effect, like a really remarkable effect. And then she she went on a radical elimination diet all the way down to nothing but chicken and broccoli. And then her symptoms started to drop off one by one like, and like one of the things that happened is she started to wake up in the morning, she started to be able to stay awake all day, when you're only staying awake for six hours with riddle and staying awake all day. That's like having a life. And so a whole bunch of things improved, then or depression went away. And I've had depression since I was 13, probably and very severe. And I've treated at a variety of ways, some of them quite successfully. But it's been a constant battle. And my father had it and his father had it and it's all just rife in my family. And my wife has autoimmune problems. And when you say depression, define it. Oh, how would you define it? Because that's a word. That's a blanket term. Yeah. Well, imagine, imagine that you wake up and you remember that all your family was killed in a horrible accident yesterday. You would feel that even the times wrong? Yes. Yes. Just just taxing worse than that. Because, well, one of the things Mikayla told me was she thought, well, what's it like to be depressed? Imagine you have a dog and you really love the dog and then the dog dies. And then about three years ago

Our dog died. And that was Makayla dog. And she really liked that dog. And she said, that was bad, but it's nowhere near as bad as being depressed. And I asked her to at one point when she was about 15 or 16, I said, Look, you've got a choice, kid. Here's the choice. You can either have depression or arthritis. Which one will take the arthritis?

Well, that was after she'd lost two joints.

So it was no joke. It's no joke, man. It there isn't any? No, I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say there's nothing worse, because worse is a very deep hole. Right? But it's bad. People prove you wrong, right? Oh, yes, definitely worse, worse is a deep hole. Anyways, her depression went away, all these symptoms went away, and like radically So what changed her from chicken and broccoli to carnivore. Well, she, she she kept experimenting. And she she got very sensitive to all sorts of foods in the aftermath of that, too. So this is why I wouldn't recommend that anybody does this casually because we don't understand much about it. But the upshot was that while she kept, she kept, she kept experimenting, and she started to add things back and take them away. And sometimes when she added things, the results were devastating. She was like done for a month, she eats the wrong thing done for a month. All the symptoms came back that depression came back, she thought that her whole dietary theory was wrong because it lasted so long, so extreme. And it's like it took her two years to figure out that really what she could eat was beef and greens. And then she figured out that she could only beef. So greens themselves, well look, so what had happened, okay, so, two years ago, she said, Dad, you have tried this diet, because you have a lot of the same symptoms as me. Now, I didn't have arthritis, but I had a lot of the other symptoms. And I thought, Oh, Christ, okay, Makayla, I can try anything for a month. She said, try it for a month. I thought, okay, whatever. I can hang by my fingernails from the windowsill for a month. It's like, it's just not that big a deal. And so I I eliminated I went on really low carb diet. Okay, so this is what happened.

I had gastric reflux disorder. And I was snoring quite a lot. I stopped snoring the first week, I thought, What the hell that's supposed to be associated with weight loss. Because I had gained some weight, I weighed about 212 pounds, and I'm about six, one and a half. So that was my maximum weight. I stopped snoring, which was a great relief to tear me that just quit. And that's a big deal, right? Because if you snore, you have sleep apnea, and then you don't sleep, right. It's like not a good thing. Okay, next. I started waking up in the mornings, I'd never been able to wake up in the mornings my whole life. I always had to stumble to the shower. And then maybe I could wake up. It took me an hour, and I felt terrible. And so all of a sudden, I woke up and was like, Oh, look at that. I'm awake in the morning, and I'm clear headed. And things aren't gloomy and horrible. It's like, Well, isn't that weird? Then I lost seven pounds the first month, I thought seven pounds. That's a lot in a month. And I'd already gone for a whole year on a sugar free diet. I didn't lose any weight. And I'd been exercising sugar free. But did you cut out bread? No, no, there was just no desserts, no sugar, no. And I thought that might do it didn't make any difference at all seven pounds.

Well, then, then I lost seven pounds the next month that I lost seven pounds. Next month, I lost seven pounds every month for seven months. Like I'd throw away all my clothes, I went back to the same weight that I was when I was 26. And my psoriasis disappeared. And I had floaters in my right eye and they cleared up. And then the last thing that went away for me, I was still having a bit of a time with mood regulation. And that sucked because when I changed my diet, I didn't respond to antidepressants properly anymore. They weren't working. And so although I was getting better physically on a variety of ways, like radical ways, I was really having a bit of a time regulating my mood, and I was having sporadic really negative reactions to food when I ate something I shouldn't. So that took about a year and a half to clear up and I was still really anxious in the morning up to three months ago, like horribly and then it would get better all day. People said well, you're under a lot of stress. And I thought, yeah, yeah, I've been under a lot of stress for like 10 years. It's like, it's a lot but it wasn't any more stressful than helping my daughter deal with her illness that's for sure. That no this is something different. And she said to me,

quit eating greens, and I thought, Oh, really Jesus Mikayla meeting cucumbers, lettuce, broccoli, and chicken and beef. It's like I have to cut out the goddamn greens. Like, try it for a month. Okay.

Within a week, I was 25% less anxious in the morning within two weeks 75% And I've been better every single day. I'm better now probably than I've ever been in my life. And I haven't been taking antidepressants for a whole year. So I don't know what and I weigh 162 pounds. Like I have no, I'm and I've actually gained musculature. I've been doing some working out but not a lot. And so I can sleep six hours a night. No problem. I wake up the morning, I'm awake. If I take a 15 minute nap that used to take me an hour to recover from that's gone. Here's the coolest thing. I've had gum disease since I was 25. That's been serious enough to have I've had to have minor surgical intervention scraping and that sort of thing to keep it at bay.

It's gone. I checked with my dentist before this last tour, no inflammation. And that's associated with heart disease by the way, gum inflammation and gingivitis. It's a good risk factor for heart disease, it means the systemic inflammation is gone. And it's not supposed to happen. You're not supposed to recover from gingivitis, and my gums are in perfect shape. It's like, what the hell. So here's what happened. I lost 50 pounds. It's like that's a lot. Right? I'm nowhere near as hungry as I used to be my appetites probably formed by 70%. I don't get blood sugar dysregulation problems.

I need way less sleep. I get up in the morning and I'm fine. I'm not anxious. I'm not depressed. I don't have psoriasis. My legs were numb on the sides, that's gone.

I'm certainly intellectually at my best at the moment, which is a great relief, especially during this tour. Depression is gone.

I'm stronger, I can swim better.

And my gum disease is gone. It's like what the hell and you've done you've done no bloodwork. So you don't know what your lipid lipid profile is. Or no, I'll get that done again, when they go back. Take any vitamins. No, no, I eat beef and salt and water. That's it. And I never cheat. Ever. Not even a little bit. No, not soda, no wine. I drink club soda. Well, that's fine. That's still water. Well, you know when you're down to that level, though, it's not. Joe. There's there's club soda, which is really bubbly. There's Perrier, which is sort of bubbly. There's flat water and there's hot water. So as this

distinction start to become important. It's crazy. Well, we ate last night and I ate what you ate. Just we both had that giant tomahawk. Yeah, I had wine though. Yeah.

I'm curious about this very curious to like, try it. But I eat a lot of vegetables. Yeah, but I don't have any problems. Like health problem. Hey, man, like I'm disclaimer number two. I am not recommending this to anyone. However, I have had. However, I have had many, many people come up to me on the tour, and say, Look, I've been following your daughter's blog. And I've lost like 100 pounds. I think what you lost 100 pounds. See I lost 100 pounds in six months. I talked to a woman yesterday, she lost 15 pounds in one month. She was 70. It's like this is

here's a question. Why is everyone fat and stupid?

That's a question, man. Because it's new. Is it something's wrong? Yes, it is. It's new. And it's not sedentary lifestyle, that that hypothesis doesn't seem to hold water. There's something wrong with the way we're eating. And the What's wrong is that we're eating way too many carbohydrates, I think. But the

shift. The elimination of most carbohydrates has made a big shift in my life. And I do cheat occasionally with bread and occasionally with pasta. I will I will go off with ice cream and things along those lines. But most of the time, I'm just eating meat and vegetables most of the time. And then I'll have a cheat day like you know, once a week. Yeah, especially if I go to dinner. I'll have a little pasta. And it doesn't seem to mess me up too bad, but I do feel shitty after I do it. It's like for simple mouth pleasure. allowing myself to feel tired and tired. Yeah, that's a big one man. Yeah, but like I Oh, yeah, like, Well, really, I can six hours now. And it's so interesting to like, I can't believe I can wake up in the morning. Like, that's never happened to me in my whole life. In when I was a kid 1312 had a bit of a time waking up in the morning. It was just brutal. I just thought that's how it was. This is what I mean. Again, I'm not a nutritionist, either. But what's fascinating to me is I haven't heard any negative stories about people doing this. Well, I have a negative story. Okay. Okay. One of the things that both Mikayla and I noticed was that when we restricted our diet and then ate something, we weren't supposed to the reaction to eating what we weren't supposed to it was absolutely catastrophic. But it's so what did you switch to? Or what did you eat rather? Well, the worst response I think we're allergic to or allergic, whatever the hell this is having an inflammation, inflammatory response to something called sulfites, and we had some apple cider that had sulfites in it, and that was really not good. Like I was done for a month. That was the first time I talked to Sam Harris. You were done for a month. Oh, yeah. took me out for a month. It was awful. Really? Yeah. So I would so and so this is right before this whole truth conversation with Sam Harris had during the mud during during I think the day I talked to Sam was like the worst day of my life, not because of talking to Sam, but it was just physic Oh, Jesus, I was so dead, but I didn't want to not do it. Cider like But what was it? What was it doing to you? Oh, it it produced an overwhelming sense of impending doom. And I've seriously been overwhelming like there's no way I could have lived like that if that would have allowed

stood for See, Mikayla knew by that point that it would probably only last a month and I was like, a month a month fucking cider. We I didn't sleep that that month. I didn't sleep for 25 days. I didn't sleep at all. I didn't sleep at all for 25 days. How is that possible that I'll tell you how it's possible. You lay in bed, frozen in something approximating terror for eight hours, and then you get up. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah. Not some fucking cider from sounds what we thought? Yeah. I mean, look, again, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Okay, this is all a mystery to me. The fact that my daughter was so sick see, the one thing that I did know, because I scoured the literature on arthritis when she was a kid, the scientific literature. And because we were interested in the dietary connection, and the only thing I could find that was reliable was that if people with arthritis fasted, their symptoms reliably went away. That's actually a well documented finding. But then if they started to eat again, then there was symptoms came back. And I thought, well, what the hell? Does it not matter what they eat? They can't be reactive to everything. It's like, no, but they can be reactive to almost everything, and the difference between everything and almost everything. That's a big difference. And so Mikayla seems to be maybe me too. And Tammy is on the same guy, because she has autoimmune problems on her side of the family and so Mikayla seem to inherit all of them. Your skin looks better. Oh, Jesus, Joe, I'm here. Yeah, you look like more vibrant. It's very strange. Thanks for us. Thank you. You're welcome. But this he, my point is, you're saying that there's a there is problems with his diet. But that doesn't seem to be a problem with the diet seems a problem with deviating from the diet that your body becomes accustomed with? Well, one of the hypothesis that we've been pursuing, and there's some justification for this in the scientific literature is that the reason that you lay on layers of fat is because the fat acts as a buffer between you and the toxic things that you're eating. Because fat is actually an organ, it has functions other than merely the storage of, of calories. And maybe when you strip out that protective layer, then you're more sensitive to what you shouldn't be eating. This is all speculative hypothesis, right? Or maybe you sensitize yourself by removing it from your constant diet. I don't bloody well, no. Well, I would think it would be much more likely that because you think about people who are alcoholics, they develop a tolerance to alcohol, you get off of that, and then you have a drink, and your tolerances are shot, and then you immediately have an adverse reaction to the alcohol. Yeah, same thing with marijuana. Yeah, when people do it all the time your body becomes tolerant? Well, I think I think that the layering of fat on might be part of the tolerance mechanism. So it's not merely a matter of caloric intake, it's a matter of, of toxic caloric intake buffered by whatever it is that fat is doing as a neuro endocrine organ. But again, like I said, I've said, I'm out of my depth here. But you know, the whole everyone's out of their depth, that goddamn food pyramid was made by the Department of Agriculture, not the Department of Health. It wasn't predicated on any scientific studies whatsoever. We should have, we shouldn't be eating massive quantities of corn syrup, we ate way too many carbohydrates. Makayla posted a paper the other day, a doctor a successfully treated type one diabetes with a carnivore diet, type one, not type two. So that's bloody impressive. Yeah, it's, it's very curious to me, because you're talking about the one adverse reaction, which is when you deviate it from the diet. Yeah. What I'm talking about is when I read people's accounts of trying this diet, it's almost universally positive. Yeah, no, but again, that train problems? Well, it's probably anecdote, right? I mean, I'm not sure. And it's the same with all the stories that I'm collecting as I'm touring. And, you know, people, lots of people have come up to me and said, Look, I lost 45 pounds in the last three months, I think. Yeah, I think it's shocking to me, I think, well, what do you make of that say, Well, I can't believe it. Well, who can? I couldn't believe it. 50 pounds. It's like, first of all, I didn't know I had 50 pounds to lose. You know, I thought I was maybe 20 pounds heavier than I should have been. Should have been 185. Something like that. I guess that's 25 to 30 pounds. That was the maximum? That No, no, I lost I met 162 and I was at 212. So what's that?

5050 balance. It's a lot of weight. Jesus, I thought I'd throw all my clothes away.

It's I can't believe it. When I saw it. I was like, You're so slim. Like your your stomach is completely flat. And this is not a lean mean fighting. Yeah, man. You're not a an exercise fanatic. It's not like you're starving yourself. It's not like you don't want I'm not having fun. But that's another thing I should say to people. If you want to try a diet like this, you eat enough meat and fat so you're not hungry. Okay, you can't get hungry. You're not eating enough. If you're hungry. And if you're hungry, you're going to cheat and it's going to drive you stark raving mad. The other thing that was really cool is like I really liked sweets. Like I've kind of lived on peanut butter sandwiches and chocolate milk. Not Not really. But that

was my go to food, you know, both of which were terrible for me. But after I stopped eating carbohydrates for a month, the carbohydrate cravings went away. You know, last night when we were out for dinner, Somebody ordered bread pudding, and I bloody love bread pudding with caramel and ice cream. And so it was sitting there and I could smell at night. You know, I thought I could go Fantastic Mr. Fox on that bread pudding and just tear it down in about 15 seconds. But it wasn't, it wasn't as intense as a craving for a cigarette. If you're an ex ex smoker, it was like, Well, I'd be really nice to eat that. But like, my appetite declined by about 75%. And that's been permanent. That's been so there's a perverse thing for you. I eat way less now. I'm not as hungry. Okay, well, how does that make sense? Well, you're not eating way less. You're eating way less thing. Yeah. Because you had a 30 ounce steak last night? Yes. Yes. I'm doing my best not to be hungry. Although it didn't look like it was 30. No, no, no. This is small 30 out of state. Well, I think it starts out 30 ounces before they cook it right loses a considerable Right, right. Right. Very fatty. Right. But that's the other thing too. You must have to get a lot of fat. Yeah, well, I eat fatty cuts of steak. And yeah, Mikayla is buying fat directly from the butcher store. And we cook that up, cut it into small pieces and fry it up till it's crispy. Wow. It's actually quite delicious.

It's not bread pudding with ice cream. But it's funny. You mean that? No, it's so ridiculous. Well, I want to I want your blood profile. I want to find out what's going on with you. Because one of the big myths, misconceptions when it comes to cholesterol and saturated fat and food is that if you eat dietary cholesterol, that it affects your blood cholesterol levels? It's not. It's a super common misconception. Well, those thing about clinical studies with diet are virtually impossible to conduct. Because you just can't You can't conduct a proper randomly distributed controlled experiment is too hard. So a lot of what we're trying to do is pull out information from correlations. Right? He can't do it. What doesn't one of the real problems with correlating meat with cancer and diabetes and all these different diseases is because people are eating a bunch of shit with that. Oh, yeah. And they have different lifestyle profiles. You're like there's just endless numbers of confounding variables, and you only need one confounding variable that's that's relevant to screw up the study. Right? You can't get that information with correlational studies. We try because it's impossible to do the studies. But how many people were incredulous? When the only people when they're hearing about this? Oh, everybody.

Everybody, well, you are not but you know, you're interested in this sort of thing, but they shouldn't be incredulous. Like when people make absurd claims. It's like, oh, well, I had 50 health problems. And I stopped eating everything but meat and they went away. It's like, Oh, sure. It's like, Yeah, well, wasn't you dying?

So yeah, and I see the results. And I know it's an anecdote, I bloody well understand that. And I'm highly skeptical about all of this, but I'm telling you, so that's why I'm telling you what happened to me and what happened to my daughter and also what happened to my wife because she's, Tammy was always in good shape. And she's exercised a lot. And she reduced to the to the pure carnivore died about a month ago, she lost like 12 pounds, and she was already slim. She's back to the same way she was when she was 21. She's, she's like, 58, you know, and she doesn't look 58 I can tell you that. So it's really fascinating. It's really fascinating, because I just

as a person who studied diet for many years, I would assume that you need phytonutrients, I would assumed you need via vitamin supplements, like vitamin C, for example. It turns out if you don't eat carbohydrates, you don't need vitamin C. Hmm. Who would have guessed that was at work? I don't I don't remember. Mikayla outlined to paper for me. Vitamin C is necessary for carbohydrate metabolism. But if you don't, if, again, remember everyone listening, I am not an expert in this field. Right. So, but, but I want you to get your blood tested. Because I think if

be pretty funny if it was in good shape. Yeah, it would be and I'd like to find out what your nutrient levels are and where they're coming. Yeah, I mean, what what, how much I'm getting a little get, I'm getting a little cramping in my toes from time to time. So I'm not sure about potassium, or magnesium. That's that's a possibility. Well, that's a supplement. It's very easy, which is why I'm concerned about like, and also minerals, you know, and certain minerals you're getting from vegetables that you're probably not getting. Yep. Well, this is all like, look, it seems hard to supplement that stuff, though. Colloidal minerals, you know, there's some mineral pills you can take plenty of, well, there are particles, there are people who basically lived on meat. You know, the Inuit did the maths. I basically did. There's some supplementation, but not a lot. Yeah. And apparently, if you do a carnivore diet, you're supposed to eat more organ meat. And I do some of that, but not a lot. But I can tell you like I'm I'm in? Well, look, I wouldn't be doing this if it wasn't producing positive results. Yeah, it's not like it's fun. been for a while. Well, it makes you a social pariah. Like let's invite the Petersons over. Oh, yeah, they don't eat anything. Oh, we have other friends.

So that's like, well, that's how it works. It's not malevolence, right? It's just if you're a pain, no one invites you out. So, so I'm a social pain and ideological pain. And now I'm a nutritional pain. I was like, I have no friends. How difficult is it when you're trying to get breakfast? Like, what do you do when you? Well, lots of times when we're traveling, we cook. So we usually stay in places where you can cook. Okay, but most places you can get a steak. And so that's mostly what we do when traveling in a motorhome. And so we've been cooking in the motorhome. And so carry beef jerky with me, which we make. Wow, yeah, it's crazy. You make your own beef jerky, well, we have a dehydrator and you just basically put salt on it, throw in the dehydrator. So that works pretty well.

You anticipate continuing this?

Well I've ever caught forevers a long time, I'd like to be able to eat more things. But I'm going to experiment with that very, very, very, very, very cautiously. I'm going to add mushrooms next because maybe I can eat them. Well, this is why I'm asking. There's positive benefits that a lot of people achieve and experience when they switch to a vegan diet. Yeah, rather things it is as you get off of the standard American diet with lots of refined sugars and a lot of preservatives and bullshit. And then you find positive benefits. Chris Crusher has gone into depth about this. But then over time, the nutritional deficiencies in that start to wear on your health. Yep. And I'm wondering, well, I mean, who knows experience? It's certainly possible Well, it certainly eventually this diet will kill me. No life Well, well, near right. Biology Well, yes. And less. So science intervene might be that for some people have vegan diet is or vegan diet is preferable

to a standard American diet, for sure to a standard American diet, but also there's so much biological variability. Yep. You know, the things that bother some people don't bother other people at all. And that's, that's something that we got to take into consideration. Yeah, well, that's why I don't want to universalize from my experience, you know, but but this is what's happened to me and this is what's happened to my wife and my daughter. So and all of it's been well with Mikayla it's it's miraculous. I cannot believe it. The last time I saw it made me cry. I've never seen her look like that. She looks so good. She's so healthy and over other joints are not experiencing any problems and she's taking no immunomodulators at all, no medication. None and she was on him for Oh jesus yes more medication than you shake a stick at methotrexate which is basically a they use it to treat cancer. It's it's what's what's the cancer treating drugs called? Whatever. I don't remember at the moment. She was on Enbrel, which really, really helped but but later open to bacterial infection, so she always had pneumonia in the fall.

But Enbrel really helped.

And then heavy doses of antidepressants and Ritalin and cheeses. It was How long has she been on this carnivore diet?

Oh, god, she's only been eating meat. It's got to be at least six to eight months now. Wow. And does she get bloodwork done? Yep. And her blood work? I won't comment on that. I don't know the details of her blood work.

So I don't know the answer to that. Hmm. Fascinating. I'm curious. I'm considering trying it for a while. The problem is I ate so much gain meat and dissolve fat. Get some fat? Yeah, that's the trick there. Try it for a month. See what happens you what the hell a month. You know. Just a month. Yeah. No months. Not hard. Yeah.

Interesting.

All right. Let's wrap this up. I already did three hours it sorry. 220. Believe it or not. Hey, crazy. Jason. It's always a pleasure. Great. Sam, one thing I want to bring up? Yeah, for? How weird is this whole association to you? Because it's weird to me. The IDW? Yeah. Oh, IDW. Just just that, of course, intellectual darkweb hell it is. It's like I've been trying to puzzle it out. I mean, I think what it is, is a loose collection of early adopters of a revolutionary technology. That's what it looks like to me. And we found each other because we're all doing the same thing. But it's also a bunch of people that are honest, intellectually honest about the and maybe don't even district don't even agree on full. Yeah, well, definitely. But honest about perception. Well, and also, I think interested in long form discussion. Yeah. Right. And able to engage in it because otherwise we wouldn't be having the relative success that we're having in the in the in the milieu, you know, when it got a name, and that's kind of interesting. And that's Eric, though. Yeah, that's right. That's Eric. He loves it. Oh, yeah. He loves playing with fire versus spies. Definitely. Definitely. He denies that he loves it, which is what's most interesting about I love to rib him. Yeah, when it's got this funny conspiratorial element there. That's sort of true and sort of mostly dramatic and well, as a mathematician. He's always looking for patterns and codes. Yeah, I don't know what to make of it. I mean, things get a name and then you think, Well, why did that get named and well,

Someone named it but yeah, but the name stuck. So it seemed apropos to some degree. And, well, what do we have in common? Most of us are entrepreneurial. Most of us have our own platform. So we can speak independently. Most of us are interested in long form philosophical discussions primarily not political but but bordering on political Well, bans more political office, he's the most Yeah. But he's also a very sophisticated political commentator. So he borders on both the philosophical and the religious. Yeah. So

and then we're, we're, we're all the newly new adopters of this new technology. And so that's enough to put us in a group. And then well, it turns out that we've all been talking to each other. But part of the reason for that is while we're all doing the same thing on the net, so it's not surprising that we're talking to each other. So I always go for the simple explanations first, you know, it's not a movement, exactly what it is. It's the manifestation of a new technology. And then while Do we have anything in common that's worth discussing, that would make this a viable group, let's say, and the answer to that is, I don't know. You know, I've been touring with Rubin. That's been good. It's been good to have a comedian along. And he's also a good interviewer. He does the Q and A's with me. And it's nice to have some levity in the mix. Because the conversations or the discussions with the audience are very serious, although I can crack a joke. And I can't tell a joke. But if something funny occurs to me, I can say it. And sometimes it's funny. So that's something.

You know, when we've been, we've been discussing a fair bit, and I had good conversations with Shapiro and Harris, for that matter. So there is lots of interplay between us. But I think that's more because we we inhabit the same technological space more than the same ideological space, apart from the fact that we are actually interested in dialogue, fundamentally. So we'll see. I mean, I'm, I'm watching it with curiosity. Are you apprehensive? Do you think? Sure, potential downsides. So there's lots of downsides to it? Sure. There's lots of downsides. I mean, first of all, you know, most of us are on an individual individualistic path. I'm not, I'm not really much of a group guy. You know, so am I in this group? It's like, well, I'm pleased to be associated with you guys. That's for sure. But I don't really know what it would mean, or if it should mean anything, or if it'll screw up what I'm doing or if I don't know anything about it, but mostly I'm curious. It's like, huh,

this is a group I thought, this is the Rat Pack. I thought when I walked into the restaurant, because we were out last night with Ben Shapiro, Sam Harris, Eric Weinstein, Dave Rubin, Joe Rogan, and me. Right, and my wife, Tammy. And so we're all walking in there. And I thought, well, this is kind of like being in the rat pack in the 1950s. I thought, well, I know maybe it isn't, but that's what came to mind. So I thought that's funny. And it's, it's, it's kind of cool. And it's interesting, and it's edgy, and all of that. But I'm not. I'm not taking it seriously. I'm not I'm not also not, you know, I'm not taking it not seriously either. But I'm just watching and watching everybody interact, because it is a very motley crew of people. It is so and they're very different. And so,

but it was very enjoy think well, you Okay, so why did you think it was enjoyable? Let's good conversation. Yeah, I everyone that was in that group has been on my podcast, or I've been on theirs. And, you know, it's a fun group of really honest, interesting people that you'll hear is very peculiar people. Especially Eric. Yeah. He's listening right now. Tom fucking with him. I love that guy. But I mean, they're all it's, they're all everyone's different. But everyone's also unique. And they all bring a lot to the table. And that's what's interesting about it. Yeah, the weird collection. You know, I don't know what to think of it. Like when Eric called me up about the whole New York Times thing. I'm like, What are you talking about? Right? Like, we're all in? Yeah. And you did that a? Why did you do that? What I do what what did you be part of the New York Times article? Uh, barely was? I just answered a couple questions. Because picture of you got a picture. Yeah, they asked me to take a picture. I didn't get your dress. They didn't. They should have taken a picture of me. I was dressed like I was going on stage at the Comedy Store. I didn't wear anything any differently. They were trying to make a big deal. But I'm like, Look, I don't have any time. This you wanna take a picture? Me? This is what I'm wearing. Yeah. And we did it on the parking lot above the Comedy Store and started to rain. I go, we're done. I gotta go. I gotta go on stage. I can't be soaking wet, you know, and then go on stage. And that was it. It was just okay. So your take on it is that it's well, it's interest your take on it? It's interest. Yes. Well, this is the this is probably another thing that unites that group of people. Everyone in that group of people is likely to get in trouble because they find too many things interesting. Right? It's trade openness. That's another thing that unites all of us. Yeah, yeah. And so and you know, Curiosity killed the cat. And so good, but we're not cats. True. Curiosity also built the pyramids. It did it did did and it saved a lot of cats too.

Let's end with that. All right. All right, Jordan. All right. Pleasure, my friend Joe. Always good.

See you again. See you always Yeah, that's it, folks. See you soon.

Boom and we're live. Thanks for doing this man. I appreciate it. Thank you for having me appreciate that. You're the only guy I've ever had in the studio where when I showed up, you were working out.

That's what I do mask my life. That's my life. It's pretty crazy, though. I mean, how much time did you have when you got here? I got here about an hour early. Oh, okay. Yeah, okay, we got a little early. So I got here shirt off doing chin up, who's hilarious. I didn't get my camera out in time for you saw me I wanted to take some pictures, maybe next time. Next time? Well, I'll catch you after the show.

You are a guy that for a lot of people, you sort of embody the idea of hardening your mind. And figuring out a way to do things that most people think are impossible, right? That's you've sort of become that guy over your life. And you've become that guy for a lot of people, including me online. We've talked about you on the podcast a ton of times. So having you in here has been very exciting to me. I appreciate that. Thank you. How'd you become that guy? You know what? I grew up? Not that guy. Yeah. So a lot of people put a title on me. They want to, they see me now. They see me now is the guy that with his shirt off, who can do 4030 Pull Ups and 17 hours you can work towards and five miles and 39 hours, who can do all this crazy shit. But what they don't understand is they don't understand the journey that it took me to get to this point. And what got me to this point was I was just the opposite of running the day. I was that guy who ran away from absolutely everything I got in front of me, but not many people knew that I had to people had to like the real me was like this. Very scared, insecure. Stuttering got beat up by his dad all kind of stuff. And I bought this fake person that walked around like my shit didn't stink. You know? You know? Yeah. So that was that's kind of how I did it. And I do process of time, I realized that I was lying to myself and lying to people. But it's a fascinating journey, though. Because you are that guy now. Right? And you genuinely are legit badass, right? At one point in time. You were a legit terrified person. Yes. So what was the process? Like? How did how did you step forth?

Well, it's a it's a long process, right?

I my dad beat the shit on me. I was growing up. We I was the first black baby born in this hospital called Miller Fillmore in Buffalo, New York. My dad owns skating rinks. He owned bars. He ran prostitutes from Canada to Buffalo, New York. My dad was a big time pimp big time. anything bad about a person big time hustler. He was American. You know, that movie with Denzel Washington. He was that but not that bad. Right? Yeah, he wasn't that big. But that's what it reminds me of. He was that kind of guy. And beat the shit out of me this year. You know, out of my mom, there was an incident one time when my mom got knocked out and top of the stairs, he drove down the stairs by her hair. And at six years old, I'll never forget this. In my mind, I was always afraid. My whole life, I was afraid I had this fucking voice this, this conscience that would always be battling me said, Hey, you got to get up and do something. I didn't want to do shit. You know, I was just afraid. But I would that that voice would force me to get up. And my dad, you know, I tried to beat him up whatever it six and I get my ass kicked. So this went on for several years. And I have a big time learning disability cuz my dad didn't believe in us going to school. So my dad, it was about the business, the skating rink in the bar. So this game opened by seven o'clock at night. And this time, I was able to walk. So about, you know, four or five, six years old eight, nine. And I go to the skating rink, it's 10 o'clock at night, and I worked the skating rink until 10. At night, and then we we scraped the gum off the floors. And we cleaned the whole skating rink up. And then my dad had office, and my brother and myself asleep in the office and my mom would go upstairs and work the bar until three o'clock in the morning. And then they cleaned the bar up. So after all that stuff was done with going to school rarely happened. So when I went to school, I was all kind of, you know, my my learning disability, I had social anxiety. I was just a jacked up kid from living in this tortured home from the outside looking in. We live in an all white neighborhood. And then we would travel to the ghetto of Buffalo, New York with a skating rink was that. So we, you know, we worked around mostly blacks, and I lived by mostly whites. But no one knew what was going on that house onto a one Paradise Road. You know, it's crazy. But my mom got courage to finally leave him. When I was about eight years old. We moved to a small town in Brazil, Indiana, and that's when the real war started for me. And Brazil in the end is a small town, great people, a lot of great people and I

say that because when people get offended, and I'm gonna get to the point where they get offended, there was about maybe 10 Black families at about 10,000 people in the town. And in 1995, the kk k marched in the Fourth of July parade. So this was a, not everybody was racist, there was a lot of good people, some of the best people I knew was here, but there's also a lot of racism there. So me being one of the few black kids net, you know, in that area, you know, it kind of haunts you, I had stuff on my notebook, you know, nigga, we're gonna kill you. On my Spanish notebook. They had that on my car naked, we're gonna kill this early 90s. And so, even though I sold, it didn't hurt me, it was jacking me up. So all the insecurities I had when I was a kid, with my father moved into this area here. And it just got worse and worse and worse. And it haunted me. And that voice that talked about, it kept talking louder, and louder and louder, but I will do nothing about it. And I decide to make moves. And I cheated all through school. And it's kind of humbling to talk about my story sometimes. And it's,

it's, it's also embarrassing, but it's real. It's Who the fuck I am, is what I am is what created me. And copy from the fourth grade to the to my junior year in high school on every assignment. And I want to get in the military want to join the Air Force. And the guy gave me an ASVAB test. It's like a watered down essay T. And I couldn't copy on it because the guy beside me had a test a test B that got him a ride had tests see. So I looked at copy on this test, and I couldn't copy and I got like a 20. And I wanted to be an Air Force Pair rescue man is guys that jump out of airplanes and save down pilots. It's a it's a special operator in the Air Force. And my score was so horribly low. That is we take it again. And he said, Hey, I gotta get 18 The second time, even worse, I need to get a 50 out of a 99. And so a mom and I, for a while we lived in the government subsidized apartments $7 a month, and also food stamps. And we slowly moved up to two or $3 month place, but at the time, you know, pretty poor. But

my mom afford enough money for me to go to see a tutor. One one hour a week. So for four hours a month, I had six months to study for our last test, I only take the ASVAB the ASVAB test three times. And I

studied my ass off and passed it. And I got in the Air Force and realized there was more things in front of me. I was afraid of water to terrify the water. And I learned how to swim. But what gets everybody in this training it all special off training is the water confidence where they try to pretty much drowned your ass. You know, all of our lives, we've been breathing. And they take that from you. If they want to see how comfortable you are underwater. And there's only 1% African Americans in special operations. And I didn't know anything about African, a lot of them are negative buoyant, which I am because of the bone density. I struggled. But six weeks in the program, there was about 25 guys left out of about 150 I was there. And I was never I didn't go to sleep for six weeks of the program. And I wanted to quit so badly. But I quit everything in my life a copy through school, I wanted to prove people wrong. So here I am in this Air Force program started get a little more confidence. But just water was kicking my ass. And six weeks in the program. That doctor gave me a blood test. It was I have sickle cell. sickle cell trait, not the anemia. But I still kill people. But so they put me on training for a week. And when you go from being very uncomfortable in that water situation, and then now you're comfortable and I'm sitting back watching the guys drowned. I'm not you know, I'm not part of the activities anymore for this week. I don't want to get back in that damn water again. So the fear overcoming all my insecurities from my dad from this small town from everything started coming back. And even though no one knew how fucked up I was kind of create this other person who was tough. I live with this should all time. So me not want to go back in that water. The doctor call me back up I thought to get like a, like a medical kick out of the military. So no quit. And for me, they'll kick me out so I can have some pride. The doctor said No, I'm gonna put you back into training. And I was like, fuck, but after a week, I'm like, You know what? I missed one week, there's only three weeks left is a good chance, you know, I could talk this shit out and go on. But I went back to the CEO and the commanding officer of the program. And a sergeant said, Hey, you got to start from day one. Because you missed you know that we could train him and I broke I broke I couldn't imagine going back through that again. So I made up a lie. And I said man and sickle cell things really scare me it was the fucking water wouldn't sickle cell. And I pretty much quit even though they gave me a medical.

I quit. So

from the age of 19 These are 22 I went into the job called tak p where you can show fast movers behind enemy lines cool job but there's no water. I was afraid the water

So I avoided it. And I gained 125 pounds. in that timeframe, I went from 175 to almost 300 to 297 was my heaviest. And I started finding things that was comfortable. And the more things I found comfortable, the more uncomfortable My mind was. Because that voice I was telling you about, it always was there. I was just trying to avoid that conscience. I wanted to be left alone from that conscience and it wouldn't leave me alone. So I got out of the Air Force, and I started working for a job called Ecolab, re spray for cockroaches at 24. And spraying at different steak and shakes, Red Lobster, whatever, from 11 o'clock at night, it's 10 o'clock in the morning. And what changed, I came home and watched his Discovery Channel show. Class 224 I came home from steak and shake, I sprayed it down last get a big old large 42 ounce shake, walk across the street and get a box of mini doughnuts from 711 an hour drive home for 45 minutes. This big old fat guy who Yeah, I worked out but I was fat. I didn't run didn't PT I just hit the gym. So I'm driving home, turn the TV on and but comes on Discovery Channel. So and that's where everything changed for me. I was taking a shower, I walked out hurt these guys. And I watched the show. And it made me reflect big time on the piece of shit that I am. And I'm exactly what people said I was gonna be. So So what was on the show that really struck home. It was I saw these guys going into water. So I was terrified of it. I mean, I can't even express Have you ever had a big fear. And I know a lot of fighters have fears and stuff like that, but they get over. But a lot of us have these fears that you just don't want to fucking face. And I have a lot of them had a lot of them. And that's what created the person who's in front of you today. And we'll get into that.

But I'm just a scare bitch. It was what I was. And, but I was watching these guys going through hell week, class 224. And he's guys ringing the bell quittin dropping their helmet down rolling out. A lot of guys is leaving. And it made me reflect on my fears, my insecurities. And I saw real men what I thought were real men who were staying, who were overcoming adversity who were overcoming all these different things that I had blamed so many fucking people in my life, my dad, my mom for not being there. When I was 14 years old, my my mom was gonna get remarried to this great guy, he got murdered. And then I moved back to a small town in Brazil and and everybody was applying my learned disability my my skin color. You know, me being everything. And so I sat there for a while and I was like, Man, I gotta fucking I got it. No one's gonna fucking come to help me. No one's gonna fucking come to help me he's just fucking me against me period. And so I had to man up. And I said, Of course he got started doing his face and every fucking fear half about what the fuck it is man. And in these things would keep me up and no one. People who are hearing this shit, they will never really understand and grasp. When you face these things, and so many things, how they keep you up and haunt you at night. I think there's a lot of people out there that know what you're talking about. I mean, and so that's what it did. And i i two options to either be that 300 pound guy who's pray for cockroaches and made $1,000 a month. And at 24 years old knowing we're not 50 fucking years old, I can reflect on this and think about what God never became. Or I can totally just suck it up and fail and fail and fail and to succeed. So I started calling recruiters up, I said, I'm gonna be a fucking navy seal. And every recruiter so there's a weight and height is so the weight weight and height limit to get in the military. And I was six foot one and 297 and I had prior service which was a big deal. So I called all his recruiters up and often said, Hey, how tall are you blah, blah, blah, they get into conversations, see if he's even qualified. And by time I got to my wait for him to hang up pretty much like hey, you know what, call somebody else know, try to get in the reserves. So I tried to get the reserves. And I call this guy named Steven Sal job recruiter. And he said, Hey, come on in. He saw me put me through the weight standard, all this other stuff. And to get into the class, I had to get into how to lose 106 pounds in less than three months. So I was like, fuck that. I can't do that. I grabbed my chocolate milkshake and went back to Ecolab. I'm going back to work, man. This is my life. So in this job, you look you looking for cockroaches looking for rodents and stuff like that. And this next morning or this next night, I went to work, and I hit the outlet cockroaches too much. I hit the mother lode of cockroaches. And this restaurant got full of cockroaches and rodents and everything else. And I sat there I say this is my life. I said this is my life. You are exactly who the fuck. This is it. And I said this ain't gonna be it for me. So, in that restaurant, I quit.

My job left my canister in that restaurant my spray canister, got back in my Ecolab truck and I went home. And I started working out like somebody I was I became the most obsessed person on the planet Earth. It was basically

I had to invent a guy that didn't exist had to invent a guy that can take any pain any suffering any kind of judgment be called nigger be call whatever the fuck in the world and be able to stand in front of him and say Go fuck yourself. And it built I had to build this callus mine. And I built it through suffering. I built it to downright fucking just crushing myself if it was raining outside three o'clock in the fuck more if it was snowing. The first thing is thing is don't go out there and do shit. My ethic was we got to fucking go out there. Anything that was fucking horrible in my life that I would normally say no, that was inhumane. And most people, I had to go do it. And I started callus in my mind at this point in my life. And I lost the weight. I lost the weight and I went back to recruiter I got into that class. And I went through three Navy SEAL helping someone year only got to ever be in three hell weeks. And one year of to my knowledge. The first one I didn't make it through the next two I did. And that I just didn't. I didn't stop anymore from there. And I started realizing to this to this process, that the fucking mind is what you create it. And I started opening different doors that I didn't think were even there that didn't think even existed. And the more doors opened up, the more I started realizing that my potential is damn near endless.

And it changed my whole mindset. So I went from David Goggins, and I created Goggins.

And that journey is a priceless journey that is hard for me to explain to people because it sounds so quick and easy. Like I lost this weight. And I went through three hillbillies and went to ranger school went to Delta Force, Lexington, whatever it is, it was brutal. It's a brutal journey every fucking day. And it ever was, what are you happy?

If anybody knows my life story, I'll try to give you a just a snippet of it. Where I'm at today is in front of Joe Rogan, telling you my life, to get through who I became to get to where I'm at now. There's nothing but proud of half of myself that I can't really, I can't really show people, because I have this face and a space that they see like, are you happy? What's wrong with you? I'm driven. I'm obsessed. And that's what you see it. People need to hear the story. This is a this is an exciting story for people because there's a lot of people out there that feel trapped, and they feel stuck. And they feel like they can't do anything. This is who they are. You're a guy who felt that exact same way, but figured out how to not be that person and be a person that you would admire. How did you What were the first steps like you had some slips before? Right? Because you you quit because of the water thing, right? But then when you went back the second time and you decide you're gonna lose all that weight and you quit that job? Did did you was it just straightforward from there, or were there some days where you just failed, and then you picked it back up again. So my first run when I decided to lose the weight, I was, like I said, 297 I was about 32% body fat. And I went my idea was to run for miles from our first run. I didn't know how bad it's gonna fucking hurt me. I used to run before I was fat. And I was like, fuck it. I can do this. I ran a quarter mile and walked home. I walked home and sat on my couch and cried. And we felt mom's house who was about 40 about maybe 20 minutes down the road and cried and getting her calcium. I can't fucking do this. I don't know when we do. I just got somebody pregnant. My wife was this fucking I was making $1,000 a month. My rent was 810 a month. And my mind just kept fucking with me. And kept you're not good enough. Man. This isn't for you, man. These guys are basketball players on the planet Earth. You're not that.

And

what it was, it's kind of funny. I was obsessed with Rocky,

Rocky, one in particular. And when I was a kid, I come home every day, and I watched his fucking show Rocky, and I would fast forward with the little VHS tapes to round 14. Round 14 fucked me up like nobody's business. Why the song came on, right? So we're about to pull up record. I listened to the song for 17 hours, two minutes and 13 seconds.

And I'm able to visualize and dream like nobody's business. And I know that I can create a vision that many people can't. And I work for it. So the vision I had was when Apollo Creed beat the fucking shit out of rocky beat the shit out of him. He kept fighting. He was a DOM fighter couldn't read couldn't fuck that was me. couldn't read couldn't write just punchy. Everything about him and rocky beaches or a Palm Beach shell, isn't it corn nearby was saying stay the fuck down and

him getting up. him getting up a power tree, raise his arms up in the fucking air turn around, but he won the fight. He turns around and sees this guy getting up. And it was the face of Apollo Creed. That changed my life. The face of Apollo Creed. It was like, just by that motherfucker getting up. Not winning, just by him getting the fuck up. Apollo Creed was who's his champ? He's the best. rakia taken his soul has literally taken his soul his head goes down. He looks down like Who What the fuck are you?

I want it to be that. Not Rocky. I want to be the guy that people looked at. I don't know if you've liked me or didn't like, I don't care. But it said this motherfucker is gonna keep coming. After whatever the fuck is in front of them. I wanted that. I wanted that I wanted that worse than anything in the world. So that is I kept picturing me falling down and getting up in every motherfucker to call me nigger. I was dumb. Even myself. Even myself. I wanted to feel something besides the feet. I wanted to just go to distance and that gonna distance push me to a point of where now go way past that distance. So you go the first day, you run a quarter mile and you walk back home and you're you're upset. How do you how do you move forward? So basically what I did was I came home and I had a chocolate milkshake. I sat down I gave up. I said this ain't gonna fucking happen. I could lose 106 pounds and I can't even go a quarter fucking mile.

I started being able to take negative shit and be happy. And this whole I say what if a lot it sounds corny, and it sounds weak. But it's true.

One of the recruiters said there's not many black Navy SEALs now if I was 36 African American seal in history is overseas prayers. Because the fucking water you know, I mean, people get mad. I mean, it's fucking true. Just get over it. And so

I was like, Matt, what story would it be if my fucking fat dumb lie in to be friends with people insecure ass can overcome this shit. And that would if mentality like that dreamer mentality just would always fuel me. It was true. And I would have I can be good if I can be a seal man. What if I can go from wearing a quarter of fucking mile now? Now we're gonna tour in five miles? What if I can go with just what if I can go in? And what if? How would that feel? If I'm graduating kind of get at the graduation thing I'll talk about to 24th. But the video I sat down watch, this command officer stood up and he said to the graduation, guys, you're graduating buds, like 18 of them. He said we live in a society where mediocrity is often rewarded. And he went on to say something about these men detests mediocrity.

And I wanted to be a man that the test mediocrity. It got me a lot of trouble in the SEAL teams and going forward in my life because I just I started looking down on people for not going hardest fucking shit. And I started to create different things. But that's for a different day. But I just believed that my whole mind changed. That is a problem that a lot of people who work hard to have you get angry at people who don't work hard to the point where you, you know, you want to insult them you want to you want to smack them. And it's really because you're scared of seeing that yourself. Yeah, that's probably the truth. That's probably the truth. So I guess a lot of them I would see people it it probably was a direct reflection of who I was. And I will get mad at them. And reflections probably just be getting mad at myself. Yeah, that's for me. 100% when I when I see people that are half assing things I get terrified of seeing that in myself and I get mad at them. Right. And it's a it's not a good way to handle it. No, you know, but it's it's natural because you're just terrified of seeing that trait. Right. And it cost me so you come back you do the quarter mile right you walk back home How do you regroup? So what I did I sat down and I put Rocky in

I got my milkshake put rocky so you know what I was big time and rocky and platoon. Why platoon. I love to see people who were getting beat down. And this there's there's scenes there's scenes that this drove me and people in my hell weeks you know awesome three of them that always hear me singing the songs. The songs humming the songs in torturous situations when you're when everybody's quitting is fucking cold. I would be somewhere gone. Somewhere fucking gone. If somewhere fucking dark is shit. There's a scene of Putin when he lies when Barnes shoots the alias. And, you know, they think he lies is dead. And the choppers are taken off. And Charlie Sheen has asked him, you know, Tom Berenger Rosie lyase. regionalize. William to pho. Oh, I found them back. They're dead somewhere. And through the woods, the Vietcong.

He's chasing the lions through the woods and the shoot him in his fucking back. And all he wants to do is get to the fucking chopper. He's getting shot in his back, he's getting up getting shot and he's getting up. And you see this guy is fighting. I love the fucking guy who just fucking fights. So I put these things in as reminders that you're going to have to fucking suffer, man. This fucking point to five man, this is, man, you're gonna have to fucking suffer to go from this fat, insecure motherfucker to one of the best guys on the planet Earth. This journey is gonna take something that is going to be incomprehensible to most people. And these different visualizations, how I visualized myself talk, it became so nasty and dirty that I almost liked the fact that went point two, five. So it became from being defeated to like, Man, I'm gonna fucking maybe, you know, maybe more than 0.75 You know, it just became this different mindset, I turn negatives into positives. So I would take like, who would even think about doing this. So I was sitting My Account saying, who had 297 Who can't fucking swim that great who scare the fuck and water. We had the fucking balls, pause to fucking man up, quit a job and go and put everything on himself. So it's how I started talking to myself and putting myself in a whole different category. And that would fuel me the next day and I just kept using that as fuel and fuel. No one would do this shit. No one to do this shit. You're the batsman to fuck around, you're the batsman forever live. And I had the ice kept fueling me with the with the right kind of message that I needed to hear that was never telling myself. And through time.

It became reality to myself. So you start out on the first day and then do you start running again the second day? Yeah, second day, we're right back after it again. But I started realizing I can't run that for right. So what I did was I became damn near a professional cyclist with the miles I put on the bike. So I never would never watch TV, I had to be doing something. So I was riding the bike, I rode a bike a lot to lose the first initial kind of weight because my bones were just hurting so bad, my body was broken. And I learned to get over that also, I tried to swim a lot. I wasn't a great swimmer. But putting fins on kind of equalize my body I wouldn't so negative buoyant. So I start fitting a whole bunch. And I spent hours in the pool hours in the pool, trying to get more and more comfortable not because I was going underwater, I was so scared of water that I had to live in the water had to become one with the water. So going into the pool used to scare me. So I went to the pool an awful, awful lot. And then the bike got easier, I was able to run more. I went from like, one mile, one mile is a great accomplishment two miles and then from two to three was a big one, then I went from three to six. And then like they have a Warning Order that they get people to get ready for buds. And the whole thing was running six miles five days a week. And that was my goal. So I just kept, I failed. I go back to scratch. I use some positive motivation I have like one day while back fucking defeated. But I started realizing this is part of the process. This is part of the journey. I had to realize this is part of my process, versus just saying, like I used to, I'm just not good enough. If I'm not good enough, we always say that shit, I'm just not good enough and maybe try something else. I'm gonna fucking make myself good enough. And that became my mentality. I'm gonna I'm gonna make myself good enough. And so I misunderstood a lot. But that's, that's all it came down to. I made myself good enough. And the days I couldn't run that far the next week, I would do two days. So on the running, if I ran a quarter mile away to fucking couple hours it haunt me bother me. I tried to run a half mile next time, same day, you can do more than this. If I had to walk had to walk it just became just a process of grinding and grinding and grinding not even a good word for it isn't even a good word for it. And just just going further and further and then when I got through running, I go to the bike I go to the pool if I got tired somewhere Malaysia tired, I go to the gym, I developed this crazy workout where I was doing volume like to 300 reps of like very lightweight. People will say hey you know how come you have any like loose skin? My workout routine that gym became sick. It became sick I was doing to 300 reps 400 reps on like chest it's like for one simple exercise. The best press and racket get back on it just rip it out trying to burn as many calories I can't build that muscle mass. And as became just became obsessed with it. So when you doing this, are you worried at all about repetitive stress injuries or the fact that your body is not conditioned for this and you're basically taking your body where you had abused it right and now you're you're forcing it to live like in an elite athlete, right? I didn't care. I didn't know any better. I didn't think about it. Wow, I didn't I didn't know that working out that harbor

hook you up. Did it fuck you. Oh yeah, yeah, that's one reason why I went through hell week. So

I will talk about a lot. But the stress in my life getting to 24 caused me have some serious so as issues I know anything about this shit. The psoas muscle is what we use as your hip flexor muscle. And basically under stress, it starts to tighten up and I was I stuttered for from the time I was in third grade time I was in seventh grade white blotches on my skin. I was just I was a nutcase. And so the insides of me are also getting fucked up. So in this process,

my psoas muscle got real tight to my t 12. I can show you the bump in the back of my head after the show's over, but I started growing this fucking like large tumor looking bump in the back of my head from my body compressing so I'm six foot one, but my muscles were like five foot nine, because I just started the muscle tightness for my so as I go into my t 12. I was just getting tighter, my quads, everything getting tired from distress to stress in my life. So the more I stressed my body with the workouts, my lower body became out of balance. So I had a bunch of stress fractures, bunch of injuries going through buds. And how I got through buds was they gave me my third time was my last time going through hell week. I basically put a black sock on at four o'clock in the morning, and I would get duct taped ahead. I had numerous stress fractures on both of my legs. Because my cut my body was literally like coming in on itself. And my legs like I was I was pronating really bad and putting stress on my stress on my shins. And so I would put duct tape, I would duct tape my feet and I was to the top of them where I have pressure ulcers that were the size of quarters from you know how the ankle joint so the foot goes to the shin and how you move this with a tape was so tight. It just created a nice ulcer right there. And I just just kept going through it. So you just use that tape to just support your ankles. Right so I basically kept myself in for the first 3045 minutes the pain was excruciating, but then it would go numb. And I would go numb and then that's how I got through. Wow.

Did I do any long term damage?

Yeah, I've been out for five years. So I retired from that I did 21 years in military time in the Air Force and I did 16 years in the Navy told you 43 Seems like you're 30 That's good. That's good and you really you look very young for your age whenever I'm stressed I get after

I fix I fix was ever bother me. So I

basically over the last five years everything I've done in my life I did it be very unhealthy. I'd never talked about it I just kept going and it cost me pretty much I was choking my insides out adrenal issues, tons of adrenal issues, thyroid issues, anything within a consistent pretty much shut down on me.

My organs were pretty much shutting down. And I went from a guy who could run 2.5 miles to gunk and go to bed and the doctors are trying to search what was wrong. That's what I figured out the psoas muscle. No one figured it out. And I hit it by accident. So I've missed two days of stretching out in five years. And so what happened was all this shit I did to myself this dress I was under physical mental, all kinds of shit. It just choked me up from the inside in. Doctors put me off kind of medication and the medication started doing the exact opposite it was kind of sure I was on DHEA I was on some different things for my estrogen different things for my I was on anything to do with your luck with your endocrine system our thyroid medicine

Good God I was on cortisol all kinds of shit to get my stuff and I had like this lump in my throat from like the heart was always I couldn't run down the street. My body was jacked up couldn't sleep. My hope I was just down shutting down. I could give you a lot more than that but just give me example I was fucking dying. And so I couldn't do anything I went from a guy who was this guy to a guy who can't do shit. And Doctor like I don't know what's wrong with you man. You know your labs are this is it PTSD is it was was going on? I knew what any of that shit. So I sat in the bed one day and I realized man My life is over. This is it. But it gave me time to reflect on everything I had accomplished. I had never taken time to reflect on the kid I was to the man I am now. So honestly the time I wasn't working out it was the best time of my life because I got a chance to really reflect back and be proud of who I became. God never took time to do that. It was like one after another GET THE FUCK after get after it get after you ain't good enough to get after it get after it.

I got halted. So anyway, this process went on for a while more medication. This isn't working. That's not working. No doctor can figure it out. I'm like fuck it. I saw this doc about eight years.

years before this happened, he was like, Hey, man, you're so fucking tight. I've never seen anybody in my life as tight as you. You need 50,000 hours of stress and he's do awesome, crazy number.

Like whatever stretching you know, stretch stress is bad for you. So he thought stretch was bad. It's just baffling. To think that I read some article, you know, you know, man, fuck, fuck stretch and man. You know, I worked out so hard. I'd have time to stretch man I was I was 150 miles a week. I was biking to work mouse I was getting after it. Man. I was working a full time job and stretching and doing that. So my body was literally getting tighter and tighter. Not just from what I was doing about this. Oh, could you ran this? No, wouldn't that man. And so I said, No, I'm gonna try and stretch out. So I don't do anything for like 10 minutes. Or, you know, I don't do no six minute ABS bullshit. So I started stretching out one hour, hour and a half. Long story short, man, I shaved my head and was every morning. And that bump? Doesn't the back of my fucking head. I started realizing it was shrinking. For some fucking reason. I don't know why because I shaved my head back and I was like it's getting smaller. It's more that bump got healthier I got smaller that bump got Oh, that motherfucker what was going on? That's so as muscle started getting more and more stressed out more more relaxed. And over a period of five years. I'm the best shape my damn life right now. From stretching out. Wow, that's all it was. I went from like, I came in counting medications I was on. Now I'm on a very low dose thyroid pill. Period. Do you ever do yoga? All the time, man all the time. And I

if I were to tell somebody one thing right now man that's so as muscle and getting that hip flexor opened up? Because we're all stressed the fuck out? It was so much worse than others. It changed my life. Yeah, um, how do you say Nick Gardius? How do you say his last name? The Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt from England. The Greek fellow. He has a great quote about yoga. He said Yoga is a martial art you do against yourself? Yep. It's a great way of putting it 100% So what it feels like when you're in there, right? 100%. And so you how many years ago was this was five years ago, we couldn't do anything. And how long was there a period where you couldn't work out at all. There was about always try to do something I couldn't run hardly though I could run maybe half a mile. And all that hardship would happen in my heart would get a fib and all kinds of stuff would happen. And I started just stretching and also I tried to do pull ups every now and then. But everything was just I didn't have the energy. I didn't have anything. I mean, nothing was processing right for me. So do you think that you just broken your body? Oh, you pushed it too hard. 100% I sat back in that bed that night. And I had a lot of time to reflect. I was actually kind of proud of myself in a very sick twisted way. i i Even though people will understand it. I had to do what I had to do. And you know, and I did it. Like I didn't tell you how I got into Ultra running. You know, there's a lot of things that so I pushed extremely hard. I went way beyond what I thought was capable. Like my first Ultra race. I did I was I was heavier. I was in Iraq. You know the Marcus a trail lone survivor. I was in buds I was in three hell weeks. As you know, as I said many times and I knew a lot of guys that died in the operation. I was at freefall school with Morgan the trail who's his twin brother during the operation where wings were Marcus chosen one survivor. I knew Marcus trowel. And I was about 20 some odd pounds. And I didn't run hardly at all at this time. I was a seal that I was like a bodybuilder. And I did an elliptical trainer 20 minutes on Sunday. All I did. So I did a book that cardio stuff. I was never about it until this happened. So that happened. And I was like, Man, I gotta find a way to raise money for these families. So I googled that. I found a foundation Special Operations Warrior Foundation. And I googled the 10 Hardest races in the world. I knew nothing about Ultra running the forest I'd ever run with 20 miles at one time. And so we came up with a Badwater. 130 535 mile run through death valley in the summertime. I thought was a fucking stage race. I know people can run 135 miles at one time had no idea was imposing a stage race where you run like 20 Miles Oh, Camp outages and then run 20 more to you get hurt. 35 miles, right. So I went to ultra runner. Ultra Runner was I called the race director up Chris Kaufman of the Badwater span. He said, Are you an ultra runner? And I was like, I don't know what that is. He goes, have you run 100 miles and 24 hours or less? I was like, No, but I said, I'm a Navy SEAL. I was in three hell weeks. I was arranged. I gave him some resume. He didn't give a shit. He said I don't care. You got qualify for my race. And the deadline was up in two months for this Badwater race. And basically, he said, there's two more races you can do to qualify. And I might consider you my race. We select top now

Are you athletes in the world and you're not even Ultra runner but I liked your cause like what you're doing? He said, I come up on a Wednesday. And he goes there's a race on Saturday in San Diego San Diego one day where you want to run a one mile track for 24 hours so many miles and get if you get 124 hours I will consider you in my race. I did the math is 14 seven minute mile Fuck it. I can do that.

dumb shit thinking I'll tell you that right now. It was rough. Verse pen I've been in my entire life was this race. So I have my wife at the time she's not my ex wife. We go to Walmart get a blue lawn chair which crack was a mile Plex clicks. That's what I'm gonna have for 100 mile run. So soap at the start line this race. It was a UAE national championships. It's like the best ultra runners compete against each other to Sydney margin getting 24 hours. And on this big bodybuilder looking guy. Way back then. I would say I was least 230 At least it may have been more than jacked. Yeah, I was ripped to fuck up. I bigger chest out there. I was I was jacked up. Here's a picture of me. It definitely didn't look like someone who could run 100 Miles No, not at all. So basically, I start running. And I get to about mile 40 mile 50. And I'm feeling pretty good. I get to mile 70. And it was the worst pain of my life. I sat down this blue launch at mile 70. And my the Ritz crackers after mild 20 became risk cracker balls. I wouldn't hydrate and correctly I didn't know what to do. I was drinking mild Plex from our nutrition because I couldn't eat these Ritz crackers have very minimal water, if any at all. And I was just dying. So I sat down this blue lawn chair. As I was watching these runners go around this circle that was all dizzy and lightheaded, hadn't gone to the bathroom. It's been about 12 hours. I'm at 70 Miles about 12 hours, which is good. And looked at my ex wife now and I was like, I fucked. I started seeing like three of her. And once my body stopped, my mind just went off and had to go to the bathroom. And the bathroom was like, like 20 feet away from me if that and I couldn't. So I sat there and pee blood down my leg and started cramping up my back. And with 30 miles to go. I and my feet were broken. I was just in the worst shape because once you stop running, not running like that. I mean, I didn't run it almost a year. I was just doing bodybuilding stuff and 20 minutes on the elliptical trainer. No running at all. I probably ran No shit. No shit. No more than 50 miles the whole year.

That wasn't my thing. I wanted to be like jacked. I didn't want to be cardio guy. I want to be rip big Navy SEAL guy. And

in the day before this race is funny. Just got him Joe Burns who put me through my whole weeks. A seal guy. He's one of the hardest guys out there. He was in the gym the Friday before I did this race. And he was doing a full body squats, deadlifts, power cleans, fucking mount. He's a guy that proved me to do this race. He gave me the approval to go do this race and signed off on it. So I'm in the gym. I went in there did a full body hardcore squat deadlift and everything with this guy. Because I knew he was going to come watch me in this race. So I've always been about man, you're gonna see me come in here and check this weight and the more you watch me do 100 mile run

where you can think about that. So basically, I paid for it. So so he came out there with my favorite thing chocolate you know many donuts because he knew my story of my past life and but the six mini doughnuts out there and I had my hat pulled down and at mile 70 Man it was torturous. And the blood down my leg and 30 miles to go. I

started reaching the cookie jars man I started pulling off all kinds of stuff I reached in my mind and a lot of us when we have bad times in life even the hardest person where we forget how badass we are during that hard time. I have a thing where I take a couple of seconds to reflect on Hey Oh man you meant to been through this you've been through that you overcame this overcame that. I don't ever close my mind to the fact that this can't be done. And I knew how to get up I need nutrition I needed hydration I need to get stopped being dizzy. So that's the first thing I did. I didn't panic on 30 more miles to go to get 100 I thought about the process. Slowly but surely I was able to stand up. And I was literally hobbling around this track just walking. No running at all. I couldn't run my feet were in the worst pain. It's the worst pain I've been in my entire life. Nothing in any training is even comparable to this last 30 miles.

And what happened was my ex wife looked at me and she's like, man, you're we agreed I'm not gonna make the time I was going way too slow. And at that time at mile 81

Something clicked that I'll never probably be able to do again when my mind body spirit so every

thing disconnected, in my mind knew I wasn't fucking around anymore. It knew I wasn't going to quit and knew that guy was dead and buried and gone. And I was gonna die out here on his fucking Walmart for whatever reason why I was gonna get through this motherfucker. I didn't give a damn it made no there was no fucking crowds there was no trophy at the end there was I wasn't even in a race in my mind. There was It was nothing. It wasn't about nothing there was no nothing It was a bunch of people didn't know who the fuck I was. It was me against me. And I used all these different dark places to start bringing out light and just fucking going deeper and deeper. In it run the next 20 miles I ran 101 miles and I ran the next 20 Miles ran at about a 1030 pace. And I did 101 miles and 18 hours and 56 minutes. sat back down that blue. porta Potti now my chair that got from Walmart. And that's when the body realized I was done. And this great feeling came over me but also the worst pain in my life. I that's when I took a humongous shit on myself. Literally like I like a fucking log up my fucking back because so much blood down and my wife was she was a nurse. And she was freaked out. I couldn't get up. I couldn't stand up. She backed this Camry on the knoll of the grassy areas that and we were both lifters at the time. So she was decently strong. I put my arms around her neck. She got into the backseat of the car that the windows downcast smelled like horrible shit. And I had this patch hold on because in November in San Diego so I'm sitting there Jack came back his car and she was terrified and Dr. Anita doctor

says take me home. So we lived in the second storey or the second deck of this apartment complex in San Diego. I got to the first deck so I get a card I could stand up but with my arms around our neck. So this leading deck I was gonna pass out got to the SEC or I got to the first deck went down just couldn't stand up anymore. Got to run her neck worked my way up the railing gamma gun I was wandering neck again walk to the kitchen area which is right in the front door. I was laying on the poncho liner crap was everywhere. I managed she helped me manage to get into the into the tub. And like dirt was coming on my penis this looked horrible just just gross thing the world is worse pain I can ever ever, ever been in my life. And the craziest thing I'll tell you a story because right now I'm not sadistic. I'm not crazy people may think that they might, they may want to put a title on me after hearing me because it makes them feel better. Because they think wow, this guy must be some special or just fucked up crazy dude. No, I'm a guy that came from nothing. Anybody is capable of doing shit like this. Anybody. And I sat in that tub. She put the water on me she called my mom up and my mom was dating a doctor at the time the doctor said you need to get him to a hospital now. She came back in I want to do is call Chris Causton on the phone at the racetrack your bail waters, I fucking did it. So she said I'm talking to a doctor. I said no. Let me sit here enjoy this pain. She said, What are you talking about? I said, you know, I go I need to go to a doctor. I realized that. But I never thought

it was humanly possible to do what I did. I went 70 miles at 70 miles I was dead. I was at 100% what I thought what I thought was 100% that went 3031 more miles after being in the worst physical shape I've ever been in in my life. It all the all that pain and suffering and thing was going through my fucking body. And I sat in that tub and it was hit me. It was the most amazing feeling of accomplishment and I want to be numb. I want people to give me drugs and in the numbness fucking pain I wanted to I did this. I have as crazy as it sounds. It was the most amazing moment of my entire life. To overcome such to come from this kid who was mentally tortured and someone was tortured is talked to this kid to this guy now, who was able to overcome such amazing ideas and obstacles. And I call Chris COSMOTE the race director of bad water and he said the idea of a 24 hour races to run 24 hours. You only ran 19.

And he put doubt in my mind that he would let me do bad water. So a month later or so about month and a half later I went this race called the hurt 100. So 100 mile race in Hawaii 26,000 feet of climb was Ollie said I saw I said that's so crazy. I mean, he's a hardcore dude. But he didn't know how fucked up I was right? And he said he didn't say no, he didn't say no, I'm not gonna let you in. He put enough doubt in my mind and say Matt, I gotta do more. So I was broken. I was broken bad. And like, how long did it take you to recover physically? The funny thing about

This out to the story very often. I had signed up for that I'm getting to that answer is right now.

I'm getting deployment and me and my wife, my mom signed up for the first Las Vegas marathon down the strip of Las Vegas.

And that incident happened. So I ran 100 miles before I ran up a marathon. Two weeks later, roughly, December 5, was this marathon that we all signed up for. I couldn't walk. I could not walk. I was fucked up. So 10 days or two weeks after this 100 mile in one race I did.

This marathon, December 5 in Las Vegas, I said, you know, what's the first one I can't run? Maybe I can walk with my mom. So I tried to go out to this little knoll around our grassy area in San Diego. I tried to run laser broke. I said fuck, I can't even object can't do shit. So I said you know what? Maybe I'll watch you guys do the marathon and cheer you guys on whatever. So I tried to rock with my mom. December 5 happened? That gun went off 2005 14 days after I broke myself off. And I qualified for the Boston Marathon. I'm at three oh wait

that's crazy. And what's funny about I know people who says my fuck even when I tell you the story I dropped I want to drop so many names. Google it look it up. I don't give a fuck like almost seems like I'm making my own story up. It does. It almost seems like it to you it does react like I can I tell if I were to hear somebody. Say this to you know, just to you Joe Rogan's podcast or some black dude from fucking Brazil and and talking about this happened this happened three whole weeks Ranger School ran 100 Miles broke my feet broke my body. I bet this is a biggest fucking liar on the planet. Ain't nobody gonna shit isn't even my tell my story. It almost sounds like some made up shit. So yeah, sounds so crazy. As you ran 100 miles before you ever ran a marathon right? Then you didn't run again at all. And you still qualified for the Boston Marathon. So you ran a 308. Right? For the first marathon you ever did ever do two weeks after you ran 100 miles with no training and nothing in between. But it gets better than that. You can see my training log actually posted up. So that's when I started training for the hurt 100. So basically, what happened was after that, I had about four weeks. What does it feel like to run that thrill? Wait, if you could barely walk, when that gun went off? Something went off in my head. And I didn't feel that much pain at all. Afterwards, I did. But something happened where I was like, the gun went off. And that thing came back. Like Alright, man.

What if, because I wanted to qualify for Boston. That was my goal. But I was I was jacked up, you know, and I didn't run as much as I should have at all over my direct training. I hit the weights. And but my job but but my goal wasn't I signed up for it a year early. I want to qualify for Boston, this was a 310 59. And I was like, what if you can qualify for Boston management. So what helped me out, I spent 101 miles.

But the fuck is 26 miles to me now. So the mindset going into it was like, I ran 75 more miles in this. So I use it to my advantage. So after that happened, I ran my feet pretty much broken. I will go to the physical therapist, and they had this compression tape. Comparison tape help because my feet were pretty bad off. And I would run 7080 100 mile weeks. And then I went to the hurt 100 race in Hawaii 26,000 feet of climbing over 100 miles. Probably one of the top five hardest 100 mile races in the world. I wasn't even a real runner. I baked a lot of miles by the last, the last what two and a half about two months. That when a runner went out there and got through the race didn't 33 hours was the ninth place finisher. Not many people finished that that year. And I qualify for Badwater and got in and I went on to lose weight and train hard and I got fifth my first year and went back my second year and got there. When you say you went you lost weight like what were you eventually weighing? So I went to the race about 190 lost quite a bit for bodybuilding time. Right? That's over a short period of time, right? How did you lose all that way? Once again, I just worked out hard. I stopped taking my protein so much. I got off. I was on this stuff called nitro tech. And I got all the protein stuff I just started I stopped hitting the weight so hard. And I became a running full became the black Forrest Gump man pretty much. Pretty simple, man. That's what happened. Now when you say you were using compression tape on your feet, and that your feet were jacked up what was the extent of the injuries? So basically, because of my

pronation I never figured out because my soul has muscles.

I always had issues with stress fractures, shin splints. So I put a lot of pressure on the inside of my ankles, so that there's a tendon that goes up the backside of your domino piece or your fibula, my backside that that little bone that backs out your foot, it goes right up beside that lot right alongside that bone. And that thing was just so flared up on both sides, that even this flexing my foot was just killing me. So I realized when you know, when you cast that thing up, Kathy, my feet always helped me out, because it locked my foot into a position that wouldn't be prone it as much. So between the casting of that and if you watched the abattoir video of 2006 You'll see me crossing the finish line with this compression tape, literally, like flying on my ankles because I went to the race with compressing tape on my ankles. And so basically,

I'd have that on my you know, on my ankles. I had inserts in my in my shoes, and also this wedge on the back heel of my left foot. So then it would keep me from protonating that heel so much so I had all that on just to go run. And I ran my ass off and went to bad war 2006 And

with compression tape on my feet and walked a lot. But I got third place. Do you always run with regular running shoes? I do. Yeah. So now I don't have those issues anymore. All this stretching has opened my body up to where you know how it should have been. So my alignment is pretty good. It's not perfect. So now I just went in regular running shoes now. No more compression tape. No more no that stuff. So if you see now if you look down there, you'll see the compressor and you'll see my ex wife here in a second taking the compression tape off of me she Jr. Right now. See you right now. She's the tape. Yeah, so that's the tape I didn't have to wear every day in my life to run. Wow. So as you see, the story may be kind of unbelievable, but there's some proof right there.

So that's still painful. Yeah, it was pretty fucked up. As you see right now me trying to get oh man. Yeah, I'm pretty destroyed right there. What is the most amount of miles you've ever run? At one time? Yeah. 205 and 39 hours? Wow. Nonstop.

Who? Yeah, I've had quite a few people on. I've met quite a few people now over the last year or so that have run Ultras Courtney doe Walter. You know she is? She won the Moab. Okay, yeah, I heard about 40 rather heard about it. Yeah, she she beat all the men by 22 miles. So I'm like that some crazy thing. She was first place winner. She beat everybody else. A second place one on one. And with her I mean, you would never believe it. When you talk to her. She seems so normal. Right? She drinks beer and eats nachos and eats candy ultrarunner man she's just silly and she's fun. Yep. And does no demon they're like waiting to meet a demon. Right. You know, I'm like, where's your demon? Right. How are you getting through? Her demons are quiet demon. Right? It's it's there. It has to be something there has to be. There's no other people that everybody I know that that can do that as a demon. A lot of us don't want to admit the shit. Yeah, we got him. Oh, 100%. It has to be Yeah. So when you do this, and you you qualify and you do that race in Hawaii. Right. They just let you in after that. No. So the race in Hawaii? Yeah, I actually called the race director up. And there wasn't like a big time. Like, I didn't have 100 mile race. I believe this I had. And so you had a 100 mile you did the Boston Marathon or you did the Vegas marathon? Yeah. So I did the 100 mile 101 miles the biggest marathon went to 100. Did that 100 miler and all this is in a very short amount of time. Yeah. So November was the first 100 miler December was that 26 miler and not in Las Vegas. January, was the next 100 miles on Hawaii, you know, fucking crazy that is like, say if I was your friend and I called you up on October 20. I go, Hey, man, how many times you run like I run every night, I want to see something crazy. I'm looking to pull it up or not. But if you can pull up my race schedule for 2007 Just pull up. David Goggins rates results you can see some real crazy in a second. They say this is good. And I gotta show you proof because why? I know my story doesn't make any sense. But this look at the dates of these races. And we're going to show it to you in a second it's

just look at the 100 miles and 50 miles back to back weekends, how many weekends there were between races? So if you look right here, you can't really see it. So look at 2007 Yeah, go all the way down. Keep on going 2017 I was races there to that. Okay, get right there. So 100 miler Hawaii. Oh gee looked at first. Two weeks later, three weeks later, another one that's 50 miler 50 miler.

A month later knee looking at what? 14 Days Later another 50k 50 miler

Let's later then look at less than a month another 50 miler 53 miler in June. July was another 100 miler Badwater was literally just that one it was a month after I did that 100 miler 135. Our Leadville was less than a month after Badwater, the plain 100 was three weeks after Leadville angels Chris was to attend date a week after that 100 miler there bear 100 was what 13 days after that 100 miler she screamed and I ran the torch. It said two or 3.5 But I didn't ran towards 25 miles around there. But what's not in there was that McNaughton race I didn't do that. So that 150 mile race also did in 2007. That wasn't lifted. So that was just my 2007 year that's insane. Yeah, so do you think that is what fucked your body up? No, no, no, cuz I I still run the same mileage now. With foot my body up as hell week. Really? Oh, yeah. You don't go through three hell weeks in one year. So what happened was when I realized that my body was really jacked up, was I went, I was a big time squatter love squad. And I went through the first hell week got messed up second homework, I got all the way through. Then thorough we could go through my third week. We had a guy die on Thursday. And then that whole weekend, I graduated pulmonary edema. It was a code name was John Scott. Code is fuck, Hell Week.

Did a Pacific Oceans never warm? And it rained the whole time. The whole time? Yes, rain and he pretty much just drowned his own fluid pretty much. We were in the pool doing some evolution, he sunk to the bottom. His temperature was hot. He he missed a lot of hell week for getting pulled out for different stuff. He wouldn't go quit. And he ended up dying and hell week. But um, yeah. So anyway, after hell week ended.

I wanted to go back to the gym. You know, second phase happened diet phase like I could get back in the gym, start jacking my weight. I love Jack and weight. And I realized I couldn't squat. So I went from squatting a lot to I couldn't even squat the bar in my lower back was all fucked up. And I was like, I don't know what's going on.

It was because this this muscle. So in Hell Week, your hip flexors are so I went through so many of them so fast. And so the hardest part of buds, I went through three times not not the heavy part. They were the hardest part. But it was the initial part of the what everybody sees on TV, the law of PT to surf torture, the daggone boats over your head law, all that shit. I went through that person three times in one year. And

over a period of time my hip flexors got so tight. That is jacked me up. It jacked me up my hip flexor so always been so cold. And so stressed out, and everything led up to it. But this really was the part that I noticed I could squat before Hell Week, or before my first time going to buds after after buds.

I couldn't I couldn't squat anymore. Do you just think it might just be because your body was exhausted? No, because I for 12 years, so I would go back and tough it out. Like like with Joe burns. He was squatting so I said fuck. I'm gonna squat with Joe burns. But I just couldn't squat because that that muscle was attached to your T 12. So what was it doing to is it locking up it was just just pulling. So it made my hips feel like I couldn't sink my ass. Oh, I couldn't think so is just incredible pain. And then with the weight pushing me down and then trying to push up. The pain was just is too much so so this is all range of motion and range of motion issues. Yeah. Wow, that that's an important thing for my friend cam Haynes who doesn't stretch. He's another friend of mine who runs Ultra races. He ran that Moab 240 He's run the Big Foot. 205 he's won a few of those. Right? I know he's listening. Go stretch, dude. Yeah, support, man. Especially if you're working that hard. Right? If you're doing that much yeah, you're you're definitely locking up and he could barely touch his toes. That's not a good thing. That's not good. No, no, no, it comes back to her chin side pretty soon now How flexible are you now? Because I would imagine you probably have fucking ballerina at this point. Because sad when your brain. I'm trying to get there. I'm trying to get there. So I stretch every night for at least two hours. There's a thing that people say that always pissed me off. Like because I'm pretty flexible. They say oh, you're naturally flexible. People have a natural threshold like no, they don't like a doctor told me that I go you don't know what you're talking about. I'm like, you don't know what you're talking about. Because most people don't push themselves past that pain. That stretch pain, right? People want to put a towel on you man. It's easy for them. Just fucking natural. Exactly. Now you'll work hard enough motherfucker. Yeah, people built like champs aren't usually flexible that you have to you have to force yourself to do this right. And I know it because I had a friend my friend Tom or dog. No, he was a football player Jack big thick dude. Terrible flexibility was taking taekwondo with me. And over the course of a couple of years. I saw that dude eventually develop a full split and you go and he just did it through his mind. He just was everybody

else was done training that guy would be on the mat constantly stretching always working out because he had built his body up so strong all those years of squatting and lifting that he just you know he was all tense everything was just like this super powerful right but all like very tense that's why I stopped. That's why I never stretched because I wanted that strength. Yeah, you want that tight muscle but no, I don't think it's stupid. Yeah, I think you're not supposed to stretch before you do big physical activities. Because I think it does like weaken us somewhat. But I don't think being flexible overall makes you weaker. Not at all. What certainly doesn't for martial arts because you need that flexibility to have leg dexterity to be able to kick right it's got to be fluid where it's not tightened up. Restriction of the motion of your body. I get it. It's truth. I just think people are for whatever reason, and I'm I'm one of those I drone on too much about yoga. I'm like one of those vegans. It's like you got to do it, man. Right. He's trying to get annoying like a born again, Christian or something. So I'm getting that way now, man. I'm getting nowhere. Now for anybody who does anything the hard like, you know, if you do anything, like with weightlifting type shit, or martial arts type shit, where it's just everything's explosion. It's lifting, heavy. Push, push, push, right? Yoga, just bounce your shit out. Yeah, well, yeah, really well, man. And there's all these people that resist it. Like there was some article recently that was something along the lines of hot yoga is just trendy nonsense. I read that and then even in the article talked about that there might be some benefits in terms of like the strengthening your arteries, and they didn't even mention heat shock proteins is a study going on right now. I believe it's at Harvard. One of my friends was telling me about it, where they're, they're trying to find the benefits of 90 minute hot yoga classes, because they think it might mirror the observed benefits of sauna, which they already know for a fact has big benefits because of your body producing heat shock proteins to deal with the heat. Right? That's why I put that sauna in here. Man, I go in that fucker all the time. But no one can tell me doesn't work. It's big. It's proof positive change my life. It wasn't a medication or this or a dress. It was stretching. Yeah, it was yoga, stretching, all that stuff combined changed it. But I just think it balances out your body in those static poses where you're just holding the pose. And it just it works you out in a weird way that 100% You just don't get lifting weights or hitting the bag or anything. You just not going to get that that kind of working out. I can't agree with you more. It's so difficult. It's crazy, but your ass off you enjoy housewives and shit. And you're like, this is like the silent struggle. It's humbling. Nobody knows. It's like, if you see like two doorways, right? And one of them is like fucking CT Ollie Fletcher's fucking Super pump, iron addicts gym, which is hard work. And then right next to it is a yoga studio you like well, once you get done with all that hard work, you'll go over to that yoga studio. No, there's two different kinds of hard work going on. It's no joke. Two different kinds of hard word, sir. So what do you do now, in terms of like you got over this.

Five years ago, you're in this bad situation where your body's not working right now. Everything's working great again. Well, I had two heart surgeries. Also. Whoa. So you know, it was your heart. So I had a hole in it. So you know, you're not supposed to have a hole in your heart and be a seal and be born with it. I was born with it. It went undetected, and me pushing so hard. So in 2009, I was trying to fish Race Across America. And I just couldn't go anymore. Another pitfall in my life was the whole and I was pretty much off active duty seal for three years. You know, I had two hearts they were trying to fix so the hole was significantly large. I can't believe it. They say it was as big as a quarter. I'm like, how the hell is the biggest quarter? That's a pretty big hole in your heart. Because they had to helix patches. I'm like, that's impossible. That the helix patches they are in my heart. So the two stents what is the helix patch? It is like a little mesh very, like what they do for hernias, like something like maybe something like that. So they went through my femoral artery and they placed this patch but to go through your artery. Yeah, with my femoral artery. Yeah, with a camera. Yeah. Whoa, what? No, the cameras down through my throat, whoa. And they put this catheter through my femoral artery, went to my heart. They, they went, they took this helix patch. They placed it in there. And then they found out six months later, that the hole wasn't covered up enough yet. Because a hole was I mean, the healers patch was very damn big. So they put it go back in there and 2010 is how does the patch adhere to your heart? I guess your heart heals around the patch. But how did they stick it in place? I guess they put it with a holes that Uh huh. And then it kind of like inflates. Oh, wow. The whole is that and then that thing goes in there and then it kind of covers a hole in in the heart. So there's two things in my heart right now that the heart is kind of covered up Whoa.

Oh, okay, so here's a golf. Jamie's got a an image of it for us. Whoa. So, so it's attached to this little probe. Right? And then they put it over the area where the injury is.

Wow, that's insane. Yeah, atrial septum defects. I had atrial septal defect. So basically everything I had done I got from medicine, oh, shifts. You could do, I'd be done. That's so crazy that they could do that. Yeah. So I was out for I was off duty for three years. So I stuck. I was in a recruiting area for three years trying to get back on active duty. And that's that was my life for three years. So they put that patch in. Yep. And now your hearts 100% It's 100%. It's 100%. Wow. Yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, I was losing, you know, blood. And I was just I was bad off, which is amazing that you were able to do all that with a hole in your heart. That's what the doctors were saying. You know, because they know how to seal so when I went in, and the doctor that found the hole, or he like so they gave me EKGs all this stuff once again, man. It's after I ran like 25 miles, you know, right. That made you in great shape. I'm like, Man, I just don't feel good. Like walking up the stairs is making me jacked up. So the doctor doc Shrek, he's like, you know, gaming EKG, go to the doctor get an echocardiogram. So I'm in there. Get an echocardiogram just chilling out in there. And the guy is talking to him. He has this little one in my heart. We're bullshitting about stuff and he when people get quiet,

fucking not good, man. So he's in there in his head is one of my heart chillin out. And man we do Hey, what's going on?

He says, I'll be right back. He goes and gets a doctor. Doctor comes in, puts things on my heart.

The doctor gets another doctor.

Now, I'm just freaking the fuck out. I'm like, okay, because when it comes to your heart, we know is big deal. So they come back in and say, Hey, we can stop the echocardiogram. When he talked to you in the hallway. You have a hole in your heart. And the guy didn't know that I was, you know, as a Navy guy. I don't think he was a seal because not many black guys are seals. And he we had a conversation about you know, we gotta fix this real quick. I said, Yeah, I mean, then I came up that I was the seal. He said, Man, you could have died jumping, you could die diving, you could have died and all this stuff. Because basically, the hole in your heart, if it gets plugged with something, like anything, like you know, let's say you get a bubble from diving or something like that. You gotta die. Right? So I, I call it luck. I call it luck. Wow. So I got through two surgeries. They put me back on I give you the first one. And then when did they realize that it's not done? Not good enough. So they take you back and you gotta get a bubble study, a bubble test. So they so they like literally sim bubbles that way, safe bubbles that way to see if the bubble goes through your heart. So they have this, this echocardiogram again. And they hook you up, I think to it or something like that. And they throw these bubbles through your heart. And they see if it goes through. After six months when it should have been healed up. The bubble went through. So they had to tell me then hey, we got to, you know, you're not, you're not good to go. So I had to take a year before I can have another surgery. Because Because that patch had to be completely completely healed. So they can go back in time. You knew you had a hole, right? So they knew I had a hole because of the heart surgery. Right? But all this time, like when you're waiting for it. Do you know you have an extra hole? Yes, I knew I have a hole. Yes. What were you allowed to do with your body then? Well, at that time they go, you know, do how you feel comfortable. And so you know, the whole is not going to kill you right now. But you can't die. You can't jump you're pretty much ready to steal anymore. So I was a recruiter for a period of time.

So basically, I was crazy about that is before my second surgery. I was actually training for Delta Force. I was I wanted to go to delta. And I was rucking ruck running a lot. And before my second ruck running me running with the Pacquiao pack on my back with some weight on how heavy is the pack? 5060 pounds and you run with that on? Well, you're supposed to hike or hop, like rock hopping, right? I ran with it. Because I went because you know, I? That's what I did. Right? So the day before the Day of the Day of heart surgery. I did a ruck run because I knew I was gonna be out of commission for a while. So fucking matter get my last one into Jesus Christ so I could do I have not had my training launch after my second heart surgery. All I could do was walk. So I became an ultra Walker. Walk my fucking ass off and over a period of time it took a year for that thing to heal up in the hill. You know, my first bubble study after my second heart surgery came back negative or positive the bubble went through again. Oh no. And they're gonna crack me open. Man over that period.

time my heart healed around that thing nicely. And I passed a second bubble test. So the first bubble test was how long after a year it was. So the first bubble test after the first surgery was six months, and then you had to go through a full six months after that, right? Totally heal. Then you have the second heart surgery and when does the bubble test fail after the second heart surgery? It was about six months, Jesus Christ and they said, and the doctor looked at me and said, You know, I'm sorry, and forgive me. We didn't crack your chest open the next time they're gonna get in there. So I sat back thinking this could be a third heart surgery.

And then that one they said, We have to wait for six months to see if this thing's gonna close up. Right? And I came back Thank you, man, but to get cracked the fuck open in that bubble. got pinned up, man. Did it go through maybe force it through your mind? I know right.

Visualize That's it, man. Something to visualize. Holy shit, man. That is crazy. Yeah, it's crazy when a rock run with a hole in your heart too. I did it for several years That's a fucking keep on going man

that's amazing. Now after all said and done. Everything's good now. Yeah, everything. I mean, I'm sure it's almost a pop up in my fucking ass not to do that. You know? Everything is good right now. I'm always waiting for the next thing to pop up. And I haven't the same way I was attack it. But yeah, as of right now I'm in the best shape my 43 years old. Just turned 43 February 17. I am in the best shape my life. I'm not knocking on wood because life fucking life comes at you, dude. So Right. Knock on wood come at me. I mean, I would think that you would be a go to guy for injuries. Yeah, give anybody?

I've had them all. I've had when you broke the world record for chin ups and you rip your arm apart? Pull Ups. Yeah. So if you pull up the picture, man is a picture of my hand, you'll see I'll know. What is it pull ups are so pull ups are hands out, hands out. And chin ups are hands right hands forward. So I failed three times. I failed twice before I finally got it the third time and

I the first time I rip the shit out of my forearm. And then the second time, you'll see there's a picture of my hand. And it is a third degree burn. So that's my hand. Oh, Jesus, man. What in the fuck is going to look at you a bit by a wolf. So what's funny about that, as you see that, that doesn't create after one pull up. So if you can imagine the pain of because you have one contact point as it like running, you can overcome it because it has big giant legs and right. It's different when you have these little fragile punk ass hands touching the bar. You know, imagine 4030 Pull Ups how many times you're coming on that bar coming off right now way too hard and seven pounds at the time. So I was I was a bigger guy. I'm like 195 or 185 now. So I was almost I was 22 pounds heavier. So I was a lot bigger. There I am right there. Yeah, you would prefer to get that shit, man. So you were doing it in sets of five sets of five. So as you see you have these different people who are witnessing you. You have to have your your your number there to make sure that you're, you know, qualify for the Guinness Book of World Record. That's 1450 I have a long way to go have another 4015 pull ups to go. Jesus Christ. So yeah, and how long did you do this? Over? 24 hours. It was seven so I broke that 17 Wow. And I was fucking over it.

What did it feel like in the last chin up? You know what, actually there's a video that we have and I was chasing this guy named Steven Hyland. So it's getting Steven Holl had the record. And the video is my last three posts where I broke the record. I'm talking so much shit, fucker. I'm like, Hey, motherfucker. I was gonna get it huh? I told you bitch as motherfucker. I'm coming after you. I'm here now. It's just me talking shit. It's a cool video but I felt I felt nothing. I was just happy to have to do more. I did 67,000 pull ups in nine months chi training for a record for 4000 and the failures I did the first time in September failed miserably on Sundays I did 20 588 or something like that. failed miserably for millions of people. Too much later. November tried again failed again. Two months later in January 19 I found the fucking got it. So after I got it it wasn't like I'm happy. It was like I gotta do more fucking pull ups anymore Roger that. Saw it was I fucking check that picture off.

But you were doing them when I got here today. You know why cuz now it's a part of you dude.

I don't like doing them so we're gonna get some we're gonna get rear knocks him out. You don't like doing them? So you got to do it. That's my whole life. Isn't it like someone someone gets drunk on a certain whiskey? Like if they smell it they'll get disgusted like It's like Yeager mice or something like that. They smell it No. Oh, right. Is that what it's like with you with chin ups with a lot of pull ups with a lot of a lot of things right now like running out like and people don't believe it. But you know, I was

I have the big guy twice in my life. So here's the reason why. I just don't like running man it hurts. It's brutal. It sucks going out and I'm gonna be gone for two hours or I am gonna be gone 39 hours running on a one mile track. Fuck I'm not crazy, man. It's

I mean, you know people put me in this category of you must be some crazy guy who loves it. No, man. No, that's why I do it though. That's the only way to cash your fucking brain man want me to get hard and my people take these classes on mental toughness like even seals get the class about visualization, self talk, eat an elephant one bite at a time breathing control at Roger that. You got to put yourself in hellacious situation. It's a lifestyle. How are you going to react? How are you going to react to that all that training goes out the fucking door when you're in a fucking cold water, and you're fucking miserable is the first hour of a hurricane. 30 hours of hell week in that first way it goes over your head. And you're the coldest you've been in your life and your mind goes from our one to our one fucking 30 All that fucking self talking shit, dude. You didn't think about anything about getting the fuck out of here. But if you live this shit, on a daily basis, you know how to calm your mind down to self talk will help all that stuff will help. But usually we react, we have pain, we have suffering, we react and we react about Get the fuck out of here. We gotta go. It's those people were able to control that fucking feeling of fucking flight. It's a normal fucker. There's a way through this is not going to be your friend. I'm not cold right now. I like the three of them. I'm not cold now. I mean, nice, warm studio with you. You got to think about that shit. It's just gonna end. It's gonna end. But we don't know that we don't think that at that time, it is gonna last forever. And then you get to sit back on Friday with everybody walking across the, you know, back on the grinder or 1617 guys that graduated Hell Week. And you get a chance to watch these guys victorious. And then you get the chance. Think about that. You take that hot, warm shower. First thing that comes to your fucking mind is why the fuck did I quit? So what keeps me going? I've quit several things. I know what's on the back end and fucking quit. And it's a lifetime of thinking about why the fuck did I do that?

I fucking do. And

there's something about talking to God like you that a lot of people hope that you're going to say some magic thing that's going to click in their brain. Everybody gets changed who they are like, what is it? What is the thing? That's why people go to these self help conferences. And they take these classes. And they hope that someone's going to say something that changes the way their mind works. It's hilarious to me. It is it's kind of hilarious to me too. But what is also hilarious is that what you're saying is that you have to do those things. You have to suffer. You have to live in it. You have to be comfortable in it. And then maybe some of that shit will help you a little bit along the way period. And I went to I was a when I was a seal recruiter, I got invited to MIT smart ass motherfuckers there, man, I'm not that I'm this bigger animal dump a knuckle dragger. And

there was this guy there I forget his name, but he was like the top head head guy, old white guy, you know all all genius doubt. And we were on this panel. And they were asking us all these questions about the mind mental toughness and shin. He was answering them. I wasn't answering many questions. And I'll never forget, he was just answering them off of theory. He never put his fucking ass and shit. You read a bunch of fucking books. And you think that you know how the fucking mind works. And she had gone through hell as a kid. And then all the way up until now. Right? So I know.

That theory is bullshit. Yeah, there's a lot of good stuff out there. You can read from people. But I had lived hell. And when you put yourself in hell, that's the only time you can figure out how to fuck to get through that motherfucker. You can't you can't read somebody else's book about some theory on how to do shit. Some guy who set up in their nice warm office and read and wrote some book with a nice cup of coffee in the fucking hand. No, I want to see that guy who immersed himself in Fucking hell. And he thought about quitting and leaving and then and his wife and his kids and why am I here? Is it is it worth it all this crazy shit is still said it found out a way to get through it. So basically, that's that's the bottom line if at all. We all want to read about how we can quickly get somewhere. That's why the six minute abs and also it's just so powerful that you may get some results from it, but they're not permanent. The permanent result comes from you. Fucking I say it all time. You have to suffer. You have to make that a tattoo on your fucking brain. So when that hard time comes again, you don't forget it.

You may forget it for a second but you can go back into cookie jar I call it it's a

It's something that we've all endured. I call it the cookie jar. And we often forget how hard we are. But you gotta reflect back to take a percentage reflect. I've been through this, I've been through that. And then remind yourself, I'm a bad motherfucker.

And then you can get through that shit. But if you don't believe it, you've endured shit. You're just blowing smoke man, and you're not gonna get through anything. What was this guy saying? Like, what was his theories that he was throwing out there? His theories was about I forget exactly what it was. Was it somebody what the mind does under stress? And how we can't, he said, how we can't do something. And I did it. I did what he said we couldn't do. Like, what was he saying he couldn't do. It was somebody if you're born.

If you're born a certain way, somebody if you're born a certain way, you can't become this way. It was totally saying that would have who I am now. Like, I had to be born with some not genetic power, or some some gift from God. But I had to have some kind of special gift. Had has some kind of special given I forget what set me off. But it was that we had to be to be somewhere you had to be born with. It was a concept. And I know what I was born with. And I know the battle that I had in my mind. So when he said it, I sat there looking my face and someone in the crowd asked me a question. I totally contradicted everything he said. I was like, Nah, man, I mean, I fucking know for a fact that you can be this fucked up, dude. Like, really fucked up, dude. And with the right mindset, it's, it sounds so easy with the right mindset. Doesn't sound easy, is know what you're saying? It sounds simplistic answer, right? You can. You can. But you have to go into a dark chambers that we often shut off. You gotta open them up. You gotta open up and fight that fucking demon. Get in there. Talk to that motherfucker and say what's up. And we often take the we all like to take this four lane highway. The easy highway has, has fucking signs, it has restaurants. We all love that four lane highway, we always dip over the shovel. And all I did was I pick up that fucking shovel and shovel. I made my own path. And you may have big boulders and shit. They may be getting towards the miles of the road faster than you. But going through this path of life, this journey over here that you make yourself that's incredibly difficult. That comes out the other end of that motherfucker is some glorious shit that you can't even explain to people. And we're afraid. Bottom line is most of us even the people who have all these theories and shit. It's easier to accept the fact that I'm just not good enough. I wasn't made to do that. And yeah, some of us can't be the brawn fucking James. But I'll tell you right now, man, we can do a lot of shit. When it comes to this pure guts and willpower and getting through shit. We have a lot more with a lot more than we think we have. Yeah, the problem with a guy like that was his theory is that his theories are based on results. And those results are based on human beings and most human beings. There's certain people that are born with certain gifts like a guy like LeBron James is physical talent. You know, John Jones and MMA obviously, like physical talent. But there's

when you look at someone who's super successful, you always assume that it has to be because of some sort of physical gifts, because people look at themselves. And I'm sure this doctor, this old dude probably had like a little gut and probably exactly I looked a little tiny arms, weak shoulders and probably thought, well, there's certain people that are just mesomorphic and probably broke it down all the scientific terms. You know, they they they just have a fast twitch muscle fibers. And they'll say all this crazy shit, that is true. At the very highest levels of the winners, right? But it doesn't mean that you can't become that. No, it just means that it's too painful for most people to go through. So very few people ever get there. So if you look at the actual results, he would be correct. But he's not correct. Because he didn't take the shovel. Exactly. That's That's the moral of the story does not some easy lit up streetlights wrath with nice smooth roads, right? It's a difficult motherfucker where you're gonna fail, and you're gonna be in your head, you're gonna be saying I'm not good enough. And it's how you get through that is how you get through that on a daily basis when that thing is say, Man,

I'm 43 I've done so much. You start to become civilized. The refrigerator gets full, you start getting making money and you start. I'm not getting cold anymore. I'm retired. Once in at 40 People shouldn't be playing basketball or football or being you start to believe this shit. And it becomes in your fucking mind. Like there's people who are retiring you know if 47 years old or 37 years old, at 43 I'm still putting 100 mile weeks still doing 1000s of pull ups 1000s of push ups because I'm not allowing myself to become civilized the worst that can happen to

The man has become civilized you lose that fucking fat you lose that. Why the fuck am I doing this shit? I'm good you ain't good man. You ain't never fucking arrived and that's just my mentality you may have more but you'd never fucking arrived you want to be uncommon amongst uncommon people period uncommon amongst uncommon peoples one of the greatest ways to put it as it like if you're if you're like for me what got me in trouble with the Navy SEALs is I want to be one so bad so bad I fought my ass off and I saw them as uncommon people very uncommon but once you become a Navy SEAL y'all navy seal so guess what happens you fucking common again

I wanted to be uncommon amongst uncommon people. I want it to be the guy I don't care if you fucking like knock if you understand me I didn't give a fuck once I went through this fucking journey his path of life you didn't get a whole bunch of fucking guys that don't fucking like me I don't give a fuck. I'm a warrior period is like it's been a lot more combat to me. A warrior is not always that words a motherfucker who says hey, I'm here again today I'm here again tomorrow I'm gonna be here the next day I'm 50 years old I'm still fucking getting accurate it's a person that puts no fucking limit on what's possible and that's what got me in trouble that's why I went to Ranger School as a seal that's why I tried to go to Delta Force twice you know I I've been I've been through all these different training programs because I was looking for in the military well Sal is in the training these people get their ass handed to him after they get out a lot of them get civilized

always want to go back into training no matter where I was at I wanted to go back to war in the war was in that training program. Where you see guys who can quit guys who are brutal guys who are suffering guys who are you go so as a seal you don't volunteer for ranger school? I did I put in seven chips got turned down I got accepted. I went at 2829 years old and they go Why did you go because I started becoming civilized I started becoming complacent. I need to get my fucking ass kicked again and when you go as a seal going down to you have no rank and Ranger School you could be a major you're just fucking Joe Brown you're nobody and you're not eating you're not sleeping so always put myself out immerse myself and shit like that even our climb the ladder. And I intentionally fall back down that motherfucker. Man getting soft dude. Getting soft. kick your fucking ass again. And I you know it's kind of the process did you find resistance from that amongst other guys? That didn't like the mate that you are making them uncomfortable? Because that is something that people there's a natural instinct that people have when someone's working harder than them to somehow another diminish that person? Well, I know that a lot of guys are like me for a lot of reasons. And I realized that I am a guy that doesn't care if you like me or not. And when you're an alpha male, and you're against other alpha males and we eat our own alpha males eat their own I love that shit. That's fucking gold man. I want to eat a man I'm all about that kind of mentality. But I was sometimes take it to another level now went part of a of a good old boy network I don't want to be part I wanted to be David fucking guidance for too long in my life. And it got me in trouble for too long. I left I wanted to be accepted. Growing up, I lied. I fuck dude, I couldn't if you fucking like UFC and I did it. I love it. I love it, man. It's gonna fucking watch me be my friend. Be my buddy. That fucking weak as shit. I found out through this path of life. Who is David Goggins? Who am I to go through it that alone? There was no fucking trophy on the fucking wall on the mantle that showed me my fucking brain no one helped me get to know my pay my fucking bills No I did shit from you don't know what ran was fucking mouth wants to fucking wait what? I suffered on my own and develop this man who said to Ironman? A very competitive ultra competitive do that. Taking what you want, man. I call that personal sovereignty. Exactly. was not a lot of people that have that. As me. There's a lot of people that change who they are depending upon what people want from them. And that's that's me. Yeah, that's important man. And most people struggle their whole life to find out who they are. Struggle their whole their whole life to find out what defines them what they actually enjoy and what they don't you start putting yourself in situations that suck. You'll find yourself. Yeah, you'll find it real quick. That is the thing right? And that's one of the things that I've gotten from paying attention to you is that you you what you're preaching what you're talking about is finding yourself through struggle is it it's only when you find yourself, you'll find yourself if you'd like bench pressing, and you bench press all the fucking time what do you find it out? If you'd like to swim, that's all you want to do is swim. What do you find it out?

Put that in people always. People talk about trick

Pour down on your fucking strengths, right? That's the fucking weakest shit in the world. No triple down on your fucking weaknesses. Yeah find out something about yourself you know that the good shit you I know the happy shit, right? That's why I'm on my Facebook page because Why don't you talk about good times? You know how to get to that shit motherfucker?

You don't need a fucking you you don't need anyone to tell you how to get through it's happy right? That's easy shit right? I want to tell you how you can help yourself get through the times that suck real life this is real life 90% of your life will suck

10% will be fucking happy you may be lucky God have a lot of fucking money have a great ass woman all this shit. Trust me one on one with that fucking guy. He's missing something because life still sucks because he hasn't faced something that bothered him his whole fucking life. Somebody still eaten that motherfucker up? Almost everybody everybody eat and you the fuck up but maybe you found a good way. How I did growing up on how to ignore that voice as saying you ain't facing some shit. Period man. I'm not special. I just stopped listening. I listened to that voice. It was why I talk so fucking aggressive. People get mad Do you believe in God your customer much?

When I say fuck, it is letting you know what I'm thinking. If I try to make it all pretty and shit, that's not what my life was. It was a violent, violent struggle daily to get where I'm at today. I'm not gonna water down, like a watered down and she wasn't fun. A fun today. But I'm happy.

Don't you think that your happiness is probably elevated by the amount of pain that you've gone through 100% So the amount of suffering that you understand the amount of pain that you've gone through makes you appreciate the happiness and the beautiful moments with much more intensity. That's what weak people miss about my story. Weak people hear this soft kid. Oh my god, he must be miserable. Oh my god. What the hell is wrong with him? You're missing the fucking story. You're not listening to the story, man. Look what I overcame. If that is a put some badge of honor tattooed in your fucking brain for the rest of your life. You can die today talking to Joe Rogan. You missing the story, man? Am I happy with the fuck that you think? Don't miss it. Don't misunderstand the past in which I speak for not being intensely happy, happiest person in the world. But I'm not done. So not gonna speak to you like oh man, everything's great. No, I have a lot more shit to do. A lot more shit to do with this is in the same use of the word that you used the Warriors mentality the Warriors life, right? This is this is the way that you can keep balanced and sane, right and keep a good grip on who you are. Period. And like there's a quote that was said, I don't know who said it, but was a great quote. This guy said,

going into combat going into war are the 100 men that go into war tensioning you fucking be there. 80 of them artists targets 10 Do most or nine do most of fighting. One is a warrior.

And it's a true quote to life. I saw it going through training. I saw it everywhere I went. There's so many people who just show up to life. As soon as you fucking be around. And there's few people do all the work. I want to be part of that nine. I'm working towards being that one. And that's that's how I live my life. Now, what are you doing with your life these days? Right now. I keep the same very routine. I get up every morning I run. I go to the gym. And then at nighttime, I stretch out. I am just trying to develop a business cost me a lot of money trying to do that. I'm just getting out. I'm a I'm an introvert. So I never want to get on social media. I'm not big on that. I'm big on being

with yourself. I believe all these

fucking cameras and phones and shit. It takes you away from the most powerful thing in the world, which is your fucking mind. So I try hard to continue to grow that I'm trying to break a record again. I'm trying to cross Death Valley as fast as possible top Mount Whitney. And I'm constantly trying to put goals and for me but the biggest thing is I'm trying to find more of myself. And all I can find more is to silence the world out as much as I can because it's getting busier every day is getting faster. And the faster it gets, the more you are missing Who the fuck you are. So I trap my own mind a lot and say Look, man, I put my phone away I put shit away and I go dark. I go dark a lot and it's because I have to find out. I'm on a journey of life. And we all have a different journey. And I want to be in my fucking pine box. And I believe your spirit lives forever has to to fucking powerful. No way in hell that thing just dies when you die. I want to be able to

look back on my life and I'm all dead and be so fucking proud of myself forever. This is all temporary shit to me. I want to be forever proud of who I was as a man and change who I used to be the liar the insecure guy, the guy who can whatever I want to be proud when I die now if I die Eva dot 90 100 I want to look at myself and say, proud of myself. Don't you think that also like we were saying that because you've gone through so much struggle you appreciate happiness? True happiness? Do you think that you appreciate discipline? Because you weren't disciplined? Do you think you appreciate the hard work you put in because you used to be weak? Yes. I appreciate self discipline. Yes. I never had a crazy thing about you know, you say that. I'd have a mother. Come wake me up. At three o'clock in the fucking morning say Hey, you gotta get your shit in. I had no trainer. I have a nutritionist. It was the self discipline that I had to survive to not survive. I was weak to thrive. No one's Hey, man, your tour 97 pounds, man. I want to help you out. Don't help me your fucking you're not smart. I'm gonna I'm gonna help you out. I had to work at all this shit. I had to overcome. And it self discipline is everything. If you don't have it, I'll look at you right now. I know you're capable of more and not discipline so much for me. It's all on you. It's all on you. The self part is was big. We need someone to hold people accountable. Fuck that shit, man. Fuck that shit. We we count on people too much to get us through shit. And we look to our right we look to our left, we're looking for help. And if you can build that self, you can build that total accountability in oneself. It's not about being selfish. I'm trying to create a better me. So hopefully people who are hearing this are taking it the right way you can say

I can run a mile a mile run a tour in five fucking miles June 4, I've been to Sydney Bala shit, she doesn't matter. I want you to see how fucking far you can go. And that's all it's about yourself. And that's where it all comes from? Well, listen, I guarantee you've already done that. What you experienced from watching that television show and what what got you out the door? What got you to sort of take the first steps to change your life, what you experienced by watching Rocky, what you expect those those moments of inspiration. Those are critical for people, they need to know that someone's done something that someone's done something that's greater than they would they could imagine themselves doing. And they want to take a step towards trying to be better than that inspiration is gigantic. And sometimes it comes across as corny. You know, people read it too much of it online. It becomes it drowns out, you lose, the meaning gets lost. I mean, there's and there's a lot of posers. There's a lot of people out there that are they're pretending that they're trying to offer up inspiration or a true honest account of their experiences. But really, what they're trying to do is say something that's going to get likes, right, you know, they're trying to say things that they think people are going to go Yeah, Wi Fi. Right. You know, there's a thing that people are doing when they're just trying to just get social cred. I said, social media is man Oh, a painted a picture of my fake life. Right? Right. I paint your picture my fucking real life. Yeah, period. Like it or not, man. But that, that real life is fuel for people. Right? It's fuel for me. I mean, I I love that shit. I live off of it. There's a lot of people that I follow online, and you're one of them that I can get something out of that I could watch a short clip of you talking I'm sure clips of this podcast, people are going to play these clips and go for fucking crazy runs afterwards. Right? Well, I hope so. Fuck, yeah. You don't even have to hope it's gonna happen. That's good. That's good. What is this business you're doing? Well, it's my own Goggins, LLC. Basically, I am investing in myself. I'm investing in myself. And I hope that this story is can can change somebody's life. Not to be me. Because they about me and I, I try to be as real as I can. Because we're all fucking suffering in this world. We're all hurting. And I tried to take away all titles, you want to give me that? You know that I did not come from that shit. That's why I have to be so authentic and so real about my own insecurities, my own faults. This being a fucked up person. I'm not the best at anything. I'm not. I'm not gifted. I'm just driven. And it's all about trying to share that message with people. This is all about, you know, I speak to a lot of people. And that's, that's what I do now. And how are you doing it as a business? I do some motivational speaking. But you know, right now, I'm not ready to make a lot of fucking money. I'm just trying to build the brand as authentic as possible. Because I don't want to build it too fast. Because my my biggest fear in life is people can rewrite through a motherfucker that's not real. I do it all the time.

Like a lot of people have these great quotes and they they mass produce.

I can't mass produce something, man, right? And they have these great quotes and shit. But are you living that motherfucker? What you just quoted and how powerful it may sound? Are you getting up every fucking morning about working out? Whatever? Are you really getting the fuck after? Are you just talking to motivate people? Right? And I don't want to be that guy. Are you talking to pretend that you're exactly after it and people make this big money over here the side which I've made a lot and they they talk this shit. And they're off this and it's gone right it all Finnick at all. It's all this shit, right? And I read it on my man's game. Bullshit, right? bullshit, man fucking wake up get after it live what you're saying. And then it comes people can see. We're not talking to me as I talk so fucking dispassionate because I'm reliving my fucking life. I'm reliving this morning when I got up. I want to do that shit. I'm reliving everything I did. And I can't speak to you. Like all calm and shit. Just sucks. It sucks, man. So whenever I start talking about like, after this podcast, you'll see man, God, you're so calm right now. What the fuck is wrong with you? I'm not going back through that shit, man. I'm not I'm not going back to the to suffering and shit that it took to become who I am today. So I'm slowly trying to build this brand to the point where I can slowly hopefully make people from motivated to driven because motivation is crap is shit. People right now, maybe listen to this shit. They'd be motivated to go run. If it's cold somewhere where they're at Allama first shut that door, go back inside. That's motivation. It comes and go. As how you feel. If you and your wife are good, if you and your kids are good, if you're good at work, you're motivated. I like a motherfucker whose life is imploded. ain't got shit in life and says

still gotta get after today man to his bout. So that's when you move from motivation to driven to obsessed. And I want people to realize once you get to this person of over here, the driven obsessed part, you're unstoppable. This commitment that you have to authenticity is one of the reasons why people are connected to what your your message is. That's one of the reasons why what you're saying you don't want to grow too fast. You don't want it to be bullshit, you're terrified of that thing. Just like we were talking about last week, people are terrified of seeing that weakness in yourself, right? You know, we all see that. We've all seen motivational things that are bullshit. We've all talked to people that are talking and you realize there's nothing really, that they're connected to, they're not really connected to their words, the words just a bunch of words that they've pieced together because they sound like something that someone who's, you know, enlightened on the subject would say, right? Yeah, it does. It doesn't doesn't connect at all. So your struggle now is to try to figure out how to stay you and get the message out, but still be fully connected to that message. Right? That's, you know, it's not so much a struggle, because I'm not really about

I'm not driven by the business. I'm not I'm not doing by trying to be, I make a very small salary from being retired from the military. That's all I need. So I'm not fast too. I'm a minimalist, motherfucker. Give me a backpack of fucking ground asleep on a pull up bar and a fucking some running shoes in a Subway sandwich or some shit and I'm fucking straight. So it's, I believe in patience. I'm a patient, dude, I can watch the piece of grass grow for 20 years. Because I know that

it's how you get somewhere in life by being that muck like mentality and be able to watch something grow very calmly, patiently. And that's all I'm doing right now. It's not about money. It's about people know me, I'll keep you like me. Whoever wants to hear this is out there. It's so your your your goal is to grow this right, slowly, very slowly. And goes to grow this in order to impact people period, as it is not about me.

What do you get out of impacting people?

It's a good question. I don't, I don't get anything out of it. I'm a tool. But you must get something that must be personal satisfaction must be a connection to those people. That must be it must be enriching to you. It's hard to connect with people because there's quite a few now that are coming in. Right. It's my duty is my duty to share. My it's kind of like it's somebody who discovered a new earth. You know, in discovered that people aren't in the water source in the food source. I discovered a whole nother part of your fucking brain that a lot of people don't even know about is my job by being a fucking on this journey. And being a discovery person in being the person that maybe discovered this part. I discovered a very important part that I haven't met many people that have discovered this part. I'm sure there's a lot out there. But as much

job now take these weak people in the category that I was in and say, Ah, stop reading the bullshit, stop listening to the bullshit.

And if if my story of success can impact somebody it is my job is my duty to share this to as much as I'm not really fond of it. I'm the kind of guy that wants to sit in the fucking room and just be me. Just be me alone, by myself, is who I am. But I have to get uncomfortable and tell people all this shit. I think it feels good. Tell me about it. At a fourth grade reading level in high school. I stuttered. I lied to people to be their fucking friends.

It feel good. It doesn't feel good at all. But maybe someone's doing the same shit.

And maybe they can realize wow, that motherfucker was a piece of shit. And he fucking now is a Navy SEAL retired guy and runs these miles and was tours and 97 pounds and pathetic fucker. And wow. If people say what he taught you, it's the fucking truth. I was a fucking pathetic motherfucker man. People cannot say that to themselves. It's, we have to choose these great fucking magical words. That makes that make people feel good. tell yourself the truth. If someone calls you fucking fat, they may be bullying you but you might be fucking fat.

Smokers you dumb is mean, but you might be fucking dumb.

It's life, man. Take it for what it's worth, and change it. And that terrible feeling when someone does tell you they are fat. You can use that as fuel as fuel, period. And that's all this is about and where it goes. If it goes somewhere and whatever, you know, I don't give a shit. Well, you said something that I think of when I run. And it's most people quit at 40%. That's it. That's my 40% rule. Man. I love that 40% Rule man and I I really develop that through my heart surgeries. And I develop that through that first 100 mile run. If I thought I had given 100% Hands on that chair at mile 70 fucked up, I thought I'd given 100%. And to go that last I go man, there had this, I wouldn't even near 100%. So I came up with this thing called the 40% rule is basically where you it's like a car, you put a governor on a car. And that's it, the car can go 130 that Governor stops to cart 91 And you're driving thinking I want to fucking floor but I can't go I can't go any faster. We do at your brain, we put a governor on our brains like me feel pain, discomfort, suffering, all those words that we hate to say because we end this happy, peaceful world we live in now. We stop. We slow down. And if you can get through these different barriers and gain 5% 2% 3% That 40% becomes 60 that 60% You can 70 and 80 and 90. And then you hopefully one day near 100. I don't know how many people will probably add 100 I mean, we think we're there but there's so much more than 100 at death's door though. I love that ethic is true. I think that's 100% True. I think when you're laying in that top, you'd knocked on a door that is that is 100% true. No one has ever. That is 100% truth. I didn't get 100% And that 101 mile run I did for the first time. So that's the scary thing. That's the scariest thing in the world. I didn't die. You probably gave 99.99999

I guarantee.

I guarantee man, dude, I don't know how to end this any better than that. So let's just wrap this up. If people want to find your stuff, what's the best place to go and look for it? I'm just at David Goggins man, social media on Instagram, Facebook. I don't tweet that much stuff out because I'm, I write these. I write messages. And I always linked it, you know, on Twitter to my Facebook and Instagram, but it's just at David Goggins. It was an honor and privilege. Thanks so much, man. I really, really appreciate it. Thank you. David Goggins. Ladies and gentlemen. Go after it. You motherfuckers Come on.


I show up so I'm flying him out after a cold. I'm gonna do a podcast and him with subtitles in Spanish. And I'm bringing them up here on Friday. Why? Yeah, my religion, please do it for me in Spanish with subtitles. And then I'm gonna bring him up here on Friday and we're gonna have a three way about Cuba. What it was like to rest on the whole thing if you don't mind. Wow, you mind. So I'll do mine about subtitles just by noon. Okay.

So Norway will not clash with you to the three of us together would be the greatest podcast

because I can interpret and you would be would be it would be a real MMA. You could really take them out on the hooks and to Russia. That's a fantastic training Cuban where they shipped them because they shipped you off when you were a young kid. Did a lot of people don't know Yeah, they look at you on that and go Belotero you don't have a choice. They look at you and they go do us a Luciana and that's it. Now they, they take a certain age and they or they need to send you to Nicaragua, or Russia. And you train. And that's why a lot of Cubans and you don't because because they go to Russia and learn judo. Wow. So he's gonna tell you how they shipped them off. They don't just tell you mom, like would take them tomorrow. That's

it's always been interesting to me, because the Cubans and the Russians in particular were always thought of as being very technical. Really, the Russians Russians are super technical. Those would a lot of people attributed George St. Pierre success in wrestling. You know, George is in wrestling college or in high school. But he trained with a bunch of Russian nationals in Montreal, and apparently phenomenal wrestlers. They have this incredible wrestling program. Like when you see when you see Nurmagomedov the way he malls people inside the Octagon like What in the fuck like that is like a perfect example of that like style of super hard super technical wrestling. They're so good at it. There's so many you see, you know, you see lomachenko used to be a wrestler. Because the video lomachenko Looks like he's doing sambo. It looks like he's got like a GI on and it's him and some other cat. And he's like 11 years old or something like that. So his father put him in everything. His father made him you know, lomachenko is one of the best boxers ever, like literally one of the most technically beautiful to watch boxers it's ever lived. But this guy used to wrestle to like his This is a I don't think this is it. Does him okay. Is this him wrestling with somebody? Yeah, this is one now where he can still do this shit. This is like pretty recent. Like he showed some of his wrestling moves. But the other one was him when he was a little boy like he's really technical man. He knows how to wrestle. This is legit. Like when you see the way he's moving his body. He's not faking that. He's done that a bunch of times. And yeah, this is this is one when he's a little kid man. It's crazy. It says Greco Roman wrestling but they're wearing a GI so I'm not exactly sure what it is. But he gets his kid and gets behind him and tons of for a ride. So he was he's always been an amazing athlete. Like in every I think there's there's something to that for something to his father had an idea to crazy ideas. Father took him out of boxing and put them in a dance for like several years. Ukrainian traditional dance style. Apparently they were talking about it on one of those HBO shows. for like four years. I think it was HBO show, but for four years, I think he just danced. Imagine that. As far as like, you want to learn how to box you got to dance. And now nobody's got footwork. If you've seen him, Joey Yes. You've seen like, his highlight reel. Yeah, it's insane. It's insane. He pull up a woman's reel, because my

daughter goes to ballet. And 80% of the class is rushing. So I was thinking about it. Yesterday, I was watching the movements. The last parade movement. I'm like Jesus Christ. If people did ballet, could you and I was thinking of GSP like, you know me, I'm like, Yes, pre probably fucking done ballet. Would that would be good for you. It's great footwork.

This guy is the Wizard of footwork. It's crazy, because he's like, right in front of you. But he's one step ahead of you at every turn. Like he knows what you're going to do. Right while you're doing it. He's moving in a way that you can't move. He's in front of you, and then he's not. It's crazy, like he's one of the most technical boxers I've ever seen. It's just an amazing stylistic achievement like what he can do with his body. His style is totally unique. I mean, every but a lot of guys have done it. A lot of guys have moved in now a lot of guys have done it. But he's doing it at such a high level. Such a high level that it makes people confused guys quit in their corner. They're like What in the fuck? And I really think a lot of it probably had to do with his father's cross training, and particularly with the dance. I mean, think about how effortlessly he goes like steps around guys. I mean, he's got some incredible control of his feet, but it makes sense that like, you would learn how to move your feet in a specific way, the way the way you weren't learned how to move your hands in a specific way. Right? Like, think about a guy like Floyd Mayweather, right? His hand combinations with his upper body. They're so precise. It's like that, right? But with his legs is he as precise as he as precise moving with his legs as his with his hands was the 60% or 70%, or 80%. lomachenko is probably perfectly proportioned for his style with his ability to move, but also also his ability to box and hit you well. He's got both things going on at the same time with next level angles.

So that's what I was saying. When you're young and Cuba, they pick you. It's not like you wake up and go, I want to be wrestling. No, they look at you and go, you look like you go go go wrestle. And like, what I was hearing back from them in the early 70s was like they just took you away from your family. That was part of your training. You know, you're done. They put you in there. Go ahead. No, you know what, you train them

like their army. Have you talked to y'all about this? Turn your Well, yeah,

like no, we've discussed what this thing is. I already have graphics on the podcast. Well, so I figured that I put them up and we'll do a podcast in Spanish with fucking subtitles like an English film like, like a giulini movie, whatever. One of those movies people think they're unique, okay? Because his, his English is too rough for me, and I know what he's trying to say. And the frustration in his face he's trying to show you I love you. He's being so now he did a tape the day of him in Cuba waiting for bisbing in Cuba. He went, went to Cuba, no. Romero's back.

But what is the see if you can find

it's he's he's not.

He's not. He's not. He's fighting Rockhold now,

which is a tremendous item that says, All right, that's

a crazy fight.

That's a crazy, very

good fight. It's very good fight. Rockhold when he's on is super dangerous, you know, when Rockhold made one slip up against Bisping. But, you know, fair play to bisbing He, he came into that fight, regardless of where anybody ranked him, you know, like how they felt his chances were, he came in swing he had like, I think he had like 11 days notice. Something like that. What was how many how many days notice that Michael has been getting when he fought Luke Rockhold. I want to say it was something crazy low. It wasn't much time

in a row clock row. Luke Rockhold is very good. He's a beast very, very good. His top game. Let me tell you some. I think when he fought my vision and my own idea, I think his focus was a little off maybe to an away. I think he was dating rockstars and hanging out in Hollywood. I think he's not dating or whatever anymore. Now he's just fucking he thought he beat branch. He looked great. But his jujitsu is great. Yeah, he has great cakes. He's great with his hands. His movement him against your well is going to be interesting. Let's skip vicious kicks, man. Now he's four. And he's one right. So look, Rock Roll is number one and one of the five right

I believe so. Yeah, I think this is a four. Yeah, it's

great. Fine. And then you got Jack arrays back links to Jack Bronson. You know what's crazy? Like I always say the like, I don't mean to pronounce his name wrong. And that guy Oh, right. Like when he fought steal pick and Don Oh, God got on when he fought my man immigrant mentality like a motherfucker. Yeah, he hits hard and all that stuff like that. But now that dudes still gonna be more dangerous. Now he's gonna fuckin take that loss. Oh,

man. He's got machines. You got to think how crazy it is that he went from being a guy who was homeless two, five years later fighting for the heavyweight title. This is like a total amount of training. Five years of MMA training, fighting for the heavyweight title. And he's the favorite. He's the favorite over geyser he defended it twice. I mean, it's crazy. That's how talented he is. That's how terrifying he is. That's how special he is. But a loss like that to a guide like that like to a real champ like steep a that lets you realize where the top of the game is. There's another there's a few more things to learn. There's a lot more days to get in and training. But that guy's just begun. He's just began five years ago he didn't know shit. He's way better now than he was two fights ago. You I see the difference. I see the difference in the way he moves when he fought Overeem it was since significantly different than when I saw him his first and second fights his first second fights. He was very good, very but just insanely strong. He would hit guys with these combinations and clean technique to man. He's like he's not just a physically strong guy. He's also very smart, because he's learning to do everything mechanically Very good. It's not like a guy who's only been striking for like three or four years. So they look a little tight and weird, but they can if they land they got a lot of power. Nah, man, everything is clean. Like

we said, some digging those trenches Jack. Oh, do that type of work gets a tough love.

He's just a special athlete. And if he keeps going, Man, I mean, boy, that guy learning more to think about how little you learn in five years, most of these guys have way more time in way more time and wrestling way more time and kickboxing, the average guy, by time it gets to the UFC, I would like to know what the number is like how many years of training and competing they have, but it's got to be more than two. Like he was he was like, right in the UFC and smash and people. It's he's an amazing story, man. It's an amazing story. And for a lot of people, the way it ended is a good lesson for martial artists. It's a good lesson. See what even if you were an unguarded fan, you're bummed out that he lost. I appreciate that. I'm an in gun Fan Fan too, but I'm more of a fan of Mixed Martial Arts. I'm a fan of an honest. Like, it's like I want to I want to know what it is like, what? What is this? Like? What's this? What's this contest right here? What's what's actually going on here? What's going on here is phenomenal, athletic talent, massive potential, like super Alpha athlete versus one of the toughest guys ever who's been in the game long or who knows more he's wrestled he's been fighting way more he's been in the trenches way more times he said dig deep he knows what it's like to be really hurt and tired in a fight

she I appreciate the strategy of like, how do you go into fight a guy like perfect who was like Rocky against Mr. T? Yeah, that's what exactly was like so it was like heart and fucking a little smart. Stay away from that punch. It had to be and I haven't watched the full fight and I was working on fucking stage.

My brother getting hit by Francis and gun and MMA gloves. Yes, it's the worst thing that could happen to a person He's terrifying and steep a got cracked multiple times in that fight. It sounds like he didn't get hit. He got cracked. But he had made up his mind he was going nowhere. He knew what to do. He'd been there before that's a that's an incredible lesson which is for the overall the sport for the for mixed martial arts in general. And the lesson is like he figured out like he had like the craziest end of video game character ever right and God was like the big like the big boss in a video game they're like fuck I gotta I gotta play against this guy that's in God who and steep a figured out how to beat them being 20 plus pounds lighter than him in a way you know way less intimidating in terms of his physical presents all those steep it's pretty fucking intimidating. But in Ghana is so intimidating he's so next level 265 natural giant crazy frame you look

when you're next to steep and that's when you realize that big is too big fell on TV the look that big when you're next on me like this guy's a big fuck.

He's a big fan of his asset is his mind though. Gs?

Yes. Come on. Yeah.

We talked about the Wikipedia page. Oh,

I told you immigrant mentality will tell. Page Listen, American ingenuity is fucking brilliant. And with the immigrant mentality mix, like let's say you're still an American, but you're that can call your Steve Knight you still call them stupid Miyaji to remember where the fuck you came from? You understand that? His father came that's really weird. Like, yeah, and that you know, it was on I almost called you Joe. I hate calling you. I almost called you to go when was the last time you want Bronx Tale? Oh, you know what's going on all week. I watched it a year ago, when he fucking finds him with the guns. And he starts smacking the kids in the neighborhood. I still remember people's parents smacking kids in the neighborhood. Wow. Like people's parents coming up on what the fuck do you guys do? Get the fuck? I won't kick gotta kick to the stomach and the father points the other kid. And nobody said

Dick. Nobody said deck deck. No. Like I'm watching

this Brian with the biker scene. What was the last? Like? I haven't watched Bronx town. 20 years. It's on AMC. It's

on they're locked the door and can't leave. He's eaten and shit. And

last thing he hears the bikes is shit. And he walks over. Oh, okay, nice, like a gentleman. Yeah, and no problem one bit. And often they do a thing and he walks into the I gotta leave. No. Now you can't leave and collateral. Like that guy named his son collateral. Who would do something like that. That means you you want your son to have the immigrant mentality. But when they throw that beat on the bus I guess that's a true story because it that's a true true story. Listen, in the 60s, you couldn't have longhand walk around the Bronx? It just wasn't accepted. Really? Yeah, that hippie shit. That That didn't happen in the Bronx. And so

what if like a hippie was walking through the Bronx,

they called your dirty hair. They insulted you, they called you a bunch of shit. And then they drew a beat on you. And it's hysterical because that scene is so accurate. Because after the adults drew a beat on you, then the neighborhood kids chased you like the young kids would sticks and that's what we do. You know, like the little guys will chase you and once you are beat up they took all your money. It's a classic scene. I was thinking about that. Actually. I gotta call Joe and ask him when the last look at this look how bad to the bone that rather he stole it Joe whether he stole the scene or look at this you drive away I'm your man is Thomas you gotta leave when I just tell him Sonny problem

is your man here says when I probably dress like Armani Angry Black I'm lying green

looking for trouble very careful for you to

come together so got him

around right yeah

this is a great scene.

This is a great scene

it's a perfect song right

perfect song when he walks in it starts from the beginning to get the goon go watch it

just kind of gets kicked off and you

know no as long as we talk over

okay

this is right here

Oh nice. I'll tell you what to

watch the bytes

turn is shuts the door Oh nice. Can't leave. I will never forget the look on their faces. All eight of them.

Their faces dropped. All their cards and strength was drained right from their bodies. They had a reputation for breaking the bars. But they knew that they made a fatal mistake this time they walked into the role bar

this is real Joe Rogan This was 1968 Fucking Jerome.

Oh shit. So this is a true story

Jesus Christ this seems fucking brutal.

This is it. This was when this was allowed to

this is craziness, bro. This was this was the Bronx and 6869. And the neighborhood you know, like the neighborhood would tell you hurry up the cops and people on the third floor would tell you we could see the cops from the third floor. We could see the bulls coming down the street like the whole neighborhood was in on it.

You know what's interesting to me? Like this is all from immigrants. Right? Yeah, it's all this

was what they had to do. Because of not but there's also movies about him dating a black girl. Right? And what that meant that to say I forgot how good this movie was. This movie was brilliant. Yeah,

shout out to Frankie Renzulli. Yeah, this movie is a genius movie. Look at this. Watch my

car. You know, Chazz Palminteri is great and as fuck these this is it this was it. This was it.

I forgot how good this is.

Now see the young guys now that's us right well let's see what's going on. Now you take this guy and we would fuck him up

like animals

this is how you get

immigrants. Spanish immigrants. Oh my god crazy crazy crazy when you think about their one generation removed from people came off a boat. Let

me tell you what, the other side of this here's the other side. Like all right. The big thing was we we came to move here and he would come to the store Frank style. Mike Starr was your friend. And he would come to the store and there was a big room with that chest all the stories from him and put this together and it was like this little War going on. But now Frankie, Frankie was really the other gentleman there was somebody else that was that turned out to be somebody very big. And but there's a story one time that a biker dude oh Gravano money and Nirvana was hitting him and he fell off the sidewalk and broke his leg. So Gravano one night went out and fucking did something like this. I'm like, what? 20 guys, they beat up a mic. I don't know how true it was. But I still remember being five. Like if I could think if you could put hit me with truth serum, I could go back to being 1968 1969 in the Bronx, my daughter is five. And my mother would send me from the dry cleaner that she owned to the corner where there was an Italian place that had slices and Italian ice and shit like that, right? Like I was allowed to walk to the corner mercies on Fremont Avenue. I think I was looking at my daughter that was watching Bronx I'm going different his time change. Like I was allowed to go to the liquor store with a note and get my mother Marlboro reds, and bring them back in that neighborhood. We didn't live there. My mother just had a dry cleaning up there was a bookie numbers joint. That's why we had the dry cleaner. We were partners on the dry cleaning. You didn't know that now. That's why I got scars on my face. I got bit by a German Shepherd as a kid, those three by one of the eyes. That's what we did when we came from cube I lived in 205 West 88th Street. And after my father died, my mother had a dry cleaner. And that's uh, we were up we were up in Jerome Avenue, and train mining Grand Concourse. And we had a dry cleaner and every, every weekend, I would go up there. And I would sit there with the fucking I learned how to dry clean and had black Mike black Mike was the guy that I ended everything but he made the best spaghetti in the Bronx. So even Italians came to the black Mike's spaghetti really? Yeah, this was I knew all that shit when I was a kid. Because when you have a numbers operation, you have to keep moving it around, right? The cops can't. So you have to every three or four weeks you have to

move it around. Explain the numbers to people don't know the numbers is the paramutual.

It's the last three numbers of the paramutual the track, which is the amount of track made for the day. So if the track made 686,480 2000. Now the number for the days is 482. And it comes out as the Brooklyn number. So there's three numbers a day, there's Brooklyn, the Bronx and New Jersey. But what happened was that was a big business until the 80s to the lotto came up, and the lotto cut that in half. But before that, that was all put in a little different, a little different immigrant neighborhoods all over New York City. Because as immigrants will want hope. Yeah, we know we want that money to get that refrigerator and the stove and shit like that. It's such a weird thing that they would gamble just $2 a day, or $2 a day, wouldn't you? $1,000? Yeah, I can do a lot in 1975 with $1,000 with two kids.

My grandmother was obsessed with the numbers. Yeah, she was obsessed. And she would always have like a number in her head that she thought it was going to be. And it was like one off or something like that. It was like the story she would tell you. What would you say to? What can I say? I was like five? I just remember it very distinctly. My grandmother went to jail for running numbers. In New Jersey, she wouldn't she wouldn't rat them out. So they put her in jail. And so she made sweaters gave sweaters to the guards. Mrs. D. She's the nicest lady. Do

you feel that your grandmother had done time?

What did you think we didn't find out

until I was probably like, I wonder when I found out I think maybe I found out my teenage years. And I was like, why? The fuck? People would go to see her like, where's I don't want to say my grandma's name and a respect. But people would say you know, where is she? And so she went to visit her cousin. Her. She wants to see her on and she's you know, choosing the pokey for like six months. I forget how much time it was. But every time we would go over there was like some new excuse. See a

New Jersey that put you in New Jersey. They put you in jail for gambling in New York City. They don't give you a ticket. You know, they would give you like a ticket and shit and those days. I don't know what it's like now. This fucking Latoya Jennifer we'd known in New York City. I don't fucking know. My

grandmother was one of the few people I've ever known where I legitimately thought they had intuition says weird intuition. She would do things is real weird. Like, when my mother was a kid, there was a rainstorm, like real bad rainstorm. And for whatever reason, my grandmother decided to wake my mother up, take her out of her bed and bring it downstairs some crazy hunched, yet The ceilings collapse like right above the bed where my mom's sleeping. So like pieces of you know wasn't a lot it was just chunks of plaster, but like you know three or four pretty significant pieces of plaster fell off of the ceiling. It was rain came through it the whole deal of the ceiling gave out somehow or another she had this idea in her head and it could be because she knew that the ceiling was fucked up. And she knew was raining hard. It's probably gonna give in anyway or she might have had intuition. My fault everyone was always convinced it was intuition. Everyone's always convinced like she's a little bit psychic. It was always weird. It was always weird around there. Butter monkey no gentleman in New Jersey. Yes, in northern New Jersey. She had a monkey named chichi and she's you a bite everybody but my grandma my grandfather made it keep the monkey in the attic. Yo my grandma was crazy. She had a monkey would open up packages of gum and chew gum know

how or where the fuck she got it?

I'm telling you my grandma was crazy

Italian people had butchers and they get you anything she kept a gay the pigeon

she kept a monkey in the house man. Do you understand how crazy you remember the monkey? Yes. Chichi the monkey stain was cheeky bite. You never bit maybe he bit my sister. He bit my sister. Yeah, chichi would fuck you up? I think he bit my sister. I think he tried to bite my sister I think was one of those things. He might have been my cousin. Someone on our family got bit what? touched him? Inside Yeah, she was crazy.

And once you give no disrespect, but once you give those lunatics that option that they do have intuition. You're done. You're fucking done. They start giving you the fish eyes. Dude. Don't do shit. You gotta listen to

her cooking was from another planet. from another planet. It was like pure immigrant cooking. Like the pasta, the lasagna. You just sit there and go Holy shit. Just perfect. Just knew exactly what's supposed to be in there. She'd bake her own like she would make her own macaroni should make her own ravioli. She would stuff her own ravioli. She'd be out there rolling and flattening out flower and shit. Throwing the flower on top of flatten it out. She was a wizard. So

he's you get a monkey call it chi TC gotta respect a little monkey and keep it hid the other respect for grandma.

My grandma was a special lady. She was powerful. Yeah, once

you give those like I listened when I was a kid man. I went to my buddy's Judo school. I didn't join. I just went down there to see what it was like. And it was hidden in Union City. It was on Seventh Street. But I knew that my stepdad played cards on Ninth Street on Wednesday. Wow. Okay, I knew my stepdad played cards down and they play Baccarat. Okay, and they gamble in this little club. And I had to be maybe 10 But because I grew up how I grew up with the numbers. I always had my eyes out as a kid. When I went to judo that met at the end I got in the bus to go back and I noticed unmarked police cars. And I went home that night and Look bro you know made dog. Get Christie love used to be a show on ABC about a black chick that knew martial arts and tried to capitalize on it with a sister. And she was good looking with an afro when she was a cop. As she come in and do karate moves on Wednesday nights. At nine or 10 o'clock you caught me at home watching get crusty low. And I figured that my stepdad was leaving that night. And for some reason I know you're gonna play back and he looked at me he was getting dressed a suit on. Yeah, like the Billy bad suit on and you're gonna play cards or five bed, why you get dressed to the nines, right? And I said to him, I said, Hey, man. Today I went down there to go to Martin's Judo school and I saw a bunch of unmarked cars down there. If I was you, I wouldn't go out to that. And he fucking just looked at me. He said, I love you. And he walked down the stairs. He got in the car started to open the garage bro. And 10 minutes later, I heard the car turn off and the garage closed and he came up and he goes I think you're right. And he made Sundays for me and him. And next morning that card place got raided so now they would listen to me. I had these fucking morons under my spouse. But you want me to tell you what else I did Joe Rogan like this is me and like me and my stepdad had this weird relation. I got to an age where I wanted my mother for myself. You know what the feeling is drive and we've all gone through it. When you lose a dad and your mom remarries. There comes a day that he's not going to tell you what's going on anymore. And you know what? I just want you to know that I'm the motherfucker that runs just join. You might be sleeping with my mom but I On this motherfucker, so once I gave him that advice like it really, for a while they him and I would go on a float. I kept stealing his coins from the Santos. He had the st. Lazarus thing, and that was everything to him. So he had this big bottle of like Scotch that was empty, and he would put silver dollars in there. And I would steal him. And from time to time, he would come home and go that bothers looking like somebody stealing my car. I destroyed his mind for years, because he was a very particular man. So he had different bundles of money. I'll tell you something. I respect them today because I saw him get out of the joint. And I saw what he did with bookmaking and how he became partners on a butcher shop. And he started businesses, he started different businesses. So after I saved this that night with the baccarat he would listen to me. And then one day I went, and I, I'd signed up for BT basketball in Union City. And they used to give you know, like, now you signed your kid up, you got to pay $80 And right in those days, you just show up on an address. Right? And they gave you a t shirt, they put you on the team and they gave me a number that sent a UNICEF at the Department of Recreation and was a purple shirt. My number was 57 I walked in the house and he goes, what do you got there? And I go, I joined the basketball thing. And he goes, what numbers he goes 57 Cubans again, a very superstitious 57 He goes, put a number on that. And he picked up the phone. I go five, he called some guy and he goes give me 557 For $10 Guess what happened Joe Rogan when the number came up? No, I really had him under my spell right the fuck I had this motherfucker at the age of 12. So he would listen to me. How old was the guy? I stepfather one at the time. Was 47 did not drink imagine did not drink did not do drugs carry the straight razor Joe Rogan straight razor to cut people in sight he used to cut use the web carpenter pants with the straight raise at this point. The guy had money. He would have a gold chain. He were a Chinese t shirt, which a lot of people do not know what it is. That's what real pimps were that silk handmade shirts from China that you wear and they have three little buttons when when you're a real motherfucking speck. You cut those buttons and you get your initials and you put them in gold with diamonds in it. That's how specs random those days. Well. And once I had them there, Joe Rogan, I had him. He trusted me he trusted my eyes. So one night we're in Union City and I fucking went somewhere on the walk back. There's a place called pastoral music and it was next to the new moon Chinese restaurant. And I saw a bunch of unmarked cars. And I never forget that I went back to the bar and he got I told him I said dog I saw three on my like I had him right and I go I seen three on my cars up the corner he was very always getting a phone. Even though he was a bookmaker. He never used the phone Joe Rogan never use the phone and he would never have a conversation close to a phone. This is because he always felt he didn't not unlike phones. He did everything like a pigeon his he would write the numbers on a little piece of paper real small, and fold them up and put them in his hat. And if he ever saw cops, he would just eat a piece of paper. He didn't give a fuck. He always had a piece of paper somewhere close. Sometimes you put it in his ring. This motherfucker was a savage though. Oh my god. So that might the cops were gonna jump on this on the bar. But it was for a drug thing. It wasn't for him. But when I went back I told him Listen, the cops are off the coin. I mean him he grabbed me by the hand and him and I walked from 29th and Bergen line to 58 and Bergen line down the Hudson telling different bar owners that there was going to be a red light that's how untrustworthy he was, uh, phones. When by the time we got back to the BOC, we got raided and there was a dude there his name was more Nina. Right more Nina is those those crazy Cubans that OB ACWA mo Nina means good man like yeah, the OB ACWA then they don't be pissy and then delete policy and they fucking you can't fuck around with animals because the same Lazar

and all that they have a very specific religion. Yeah, they have their

manhood. They were longshoreman in Cuba. They maintain order. Fuck up, they come over and fuck you up there. But he had a wig. I'll never forget this. The guy mo Nina had a wig and the cops were there. And they threw him and I'm like 12 dog. I'm up against the wall. Me doing this searching my stepdad. They got my mom and they went to mo Nina. And I searched some in the complex that his work and he checked the wig. And they pulled the wig off and he had a little aluminum foil. Oh my God, that's a Larry that whole bookmaking numbers world is fucking nuts that I grew up in. I love it still. I love I wonder what it's like. There's no business. Well, it's

unfortunate because you think about how many bets are placed. Oh, Jesus

Christ. I mean, there's so much money so much

money out there. People love to gamble fucking games when games are on people love to gamble. What

do you think is spent this weekend? Jamie? Come on, Jamie. My question

Joey. Like, why is that a problem? Like what? What's helping us by letting them regulate that shit? Like, why? Why does that why do you have to have a license to gamble? Why? If you think someone's not paying their taxes and you can prove it is it because it's money it's cash that's been thrown around mostly like what why is that an issue the government's got not getting their piece it seems ridiculous that grown adults could tell other grown adults they can't gamble but you can hear but you can't there

Oh gambling is one of those things like legalization of marijuana. Legalization of fucking cocaine like legalization of anything bro. You don't want there's going to be fucking winners and there's going to be fucking losers. Two years ago, Connecticut did a did an expose day on 60 minutes about women who have just lost their fucking minds gambling at Mohegan Sun because they installed no no disrespect the Mohegan Sun a casino industries. They installed these type of slot machines that could just fuck what your mind why so these women were going down there and losing fucking mortgages, houses, you know,

that was like a John Waters movie the dog, dog. It was just something

that listen to listen, to get something out of the way. The biggest percentage of degenerate gamblers are usually women. Let's look this fucking percentage up here. Women go fucking deep. It's a fucking hole. They don't give a fuck about nothing. They they fucking play college. Women fucking bang it out. Wow. And they bang it out while you're at work Joe Rogan while I'm at work, they start with a horse. Then they go to this, you know, those little tours? They do and Jersey wouldn't if they went you know, when Atlantic City was Atlantic City, you went to Union City, right? You pay 15 bucks to get on a bus. They gave you a coupon book and when you get to Atlantic City, and then 15,000 quarters back, so that basically driving you to fucking gamble and drive back. I believe in gambling. I believe in making a living. I believe that it's an itch. It's an illness, whatever, but when you're losing your house, there's got that's where I want to know where that's where it bothers me. It's just like, Okay, it's just like a drug abuse. It's just like the opiate problem. It just I can't even find anything else. It could fucking it. You and I both know people who have lost their fucking lives gambling, okay, you've seen people in pool halls. You see how they get Joe Rogan? There's no difference in the drug addict and the gambling addict. No difference. No difference. There.

It's just a scary too, because they're conscious. It's like if you see the drug addict, you see him he's shooting up or whatever it is, and you see him fainting. You go oh, that poor bastard. But when you see a guy who's fully in the grips of gambling, trying to figure out how to make get his money back, he's all jazzed up with adrenaline. He doesn't understand Wi

Fi. There's countless like Michael Jordan in this game was like Joey Diaz does gamblers who have the means to gamble. And that is a fucking killer. Also, like Michael Jordan, like Michael Jordan, and I'm not saying nothing bad about Michael Jordan. accusations that you hear that he even bets on his own one on one basketball games. He was very competitive. Oh, yeah. But now how Joey Diaz was doing it, not how people Charles

Barkley lost nearly $30 million gambling it says Yeah. goes he's is Charles.

Joey, how much money is

chomedey? How many people that you grew up with? That will like Joey Diaz did not have the means that were 19 years old. Yeah. Okay, and one night they put a 10 time betting on a fucking knick game and they want $50 When you're 19 $50 is a lot of fucking money. That's a lot of fun. So now you think you got the world by the ball. So you do it again on Friday, Saturday. And now you enter this world, Joe Rogan that gets dark. It's it's instead of the drug addiction or the alcohol addiction every morning you wake up like is today my lucky day. It's like the people who go to the 711 every day, and you're trying to just get a pack of rolling papers. You're just in a rush. You just left a Jitsi you just want to roll in papers and water. There's a guy in front of you, and he's telling you give me three six Yeates for 64 hours. And this poor fucking whatever gives them 20 lottery tickets. And it's $118 This is what this guy's doing every day seven fucking days a week my friend and a Biden he might be winning 200 hours a fucking week. But every week he's getting deeper and deeper into a fucking hole. Because in your mind you think today's your lucky day, and it's never you like I was in that hole when I was 19 dog and I saw a friend lose 80,000 When you're 18 years old, and he had to get three jobs and I never really fuck with that again. I learned that addiction that should left my world early, you know, was a degenerate loser gambler who John Gotti he wanted because they brag, right? That's that conversation

in mind. They may

get away from me. You know, I have no fucking idea. If I had fucking Michigan in the hook, I would have made 30,000 They lose at 90 200,000 a weekend that the system is designed to bury the degenerate gambler like from from August 15

Look at this John Gotti secret obsession that weighed 600 bets in Scrabble and a $3,000 monopoly buy in

you have no idea guys did the generous for like eight for like seven months. I played this fucking ugly game gel that I would start I knew the action. I knew that you had to bet on Monday nights and try to win and you know what I lost every week. And all these people will sell you information. Listen, arch Lisa. Played the fucking game last Pete Rose bet and lost even Michael Jordan bet loss yeah, there's rumors that that's why he was asked to play baseball for a few years because there was a cover up again. I did not write this this is just things I hear on the road. Everybody has a fucking boba gambling grabs you fucking weird bro. Weird. And it grabbed me for a long time. I kept thinking that was the day and I kept betting 40 times.

What's up Jim?

If they had a problem playing Scrabble they would call up the Parker Brothers hotline Nick mobsters would to dispute the rules and have them explain what those What's the fucking

law means you lemania is a word is playing is a word Joe. Stop means it is not a word stop. Mink is the word wiki. But wiki wiki dude, he told you guys to stop me. That's why they would get into arguments about garbage man, real word garbage man cafe. You know. Gambling is a fucking nightmare. And once you get caught in the web, and you and Joe Rogan shuts me down, then I start putting bets with Jamie. And then pretty soon I start plucking dipping into accounts. And pretty soon now you're done. Now you get forced into a bad head.

I told you that I was a backer on the road for a while my friend Johnny B. When I started making money doing stand up, I put together a little bankroll, and me and him would go places and gamble. And he would win or lose. You know, sometimes he'd win sometimes lose. But it was just being an action was fun. You know, that kind of gambling. I was never good enough to like play those guys. But I could play like people that will like my level. And you'd bet like 20 bucks or maybe you want to get crazy bet like 50 bucks. I never bet like a lot of money gambling on pool, but it makes you think more makes you play like way more serious. It's good for your game. And if you can have a friendly sparring partner, they play like friendly games, like maybe a race to seven for 20 bucks. So it's cost you probably in any city pool halls. I don't know what the rate is per hour, but they gotta be like at least 24

once and for all. I want you to break it down for me. I walk into a pool hall with Jamie Yeah, I got 10 G's cash in my pocket. Jamie's my main man, how do I exactly make money? And why is it that the people in the room pass money around? And how does that money get dispersed? It

was real simple. Everybody puts like you put in I'm in for 100 families my boy like it depends on who's putting it together because they might decide to just pooling all their money like everybody put it in on one side pull in money. And you know and back this guy, or they might be betting on the side they might not even be playing the game. There's always side bets side bets are probably more like if you had a bet if you had like a big pool game, right? You know, there used to be a place called Win West End billiards I think in New Jersey, West End I think it was called we'll see if you find West End billiards. It was a world famous pool. We would take the drive from, from New York to go down in New Jersey to this famous pool hall that would have these like serious high level professionals play there. And real high level hustlers from all over the country would go there for big money games. You go there and watch people play for $5,000 $10,000 mean the best in the world. We'd be there all the time. I got to play against some of the best in the world. They killed me, but I got to play again against them. Like real good. Let's get to the tournament. You and I are in the tournament and you are Efrain Ray is the greatest of all time. Or Earl Strickland or Johnny Archer and I'm just Joe Rogan, I barely could play it doesn't matter. I put my money up. I entered the tournament. I can play against you guys. It's a huge huge like we have to get invited

so that there's Joey Diaz come on the side and go listen, I'm putting three to one odds on this. Sure. Some people that's aside, yes. Hi, that's all I don't know how the pool got 100

bucks on Archer. You know, you'd never seen this Diaz kid play, I got 100 on Diaz and dudes, I'll take that, I'll take that. And then you just work it out. And everybody works it out. But when sometimes guys will get together and back somebody to like say if you gotta like a friend, it's a really good player. And this guy is coming in from out of town, and he wants to take a crack at him. Well, he wants to play 100 hour sets. Okay, and then you have to think how many barrels do we have you pull your money together? Okay, we got four barrels. That means if he wants to play sets, we can lose four times. So you have to be able to lose a couple gain a couple. Like if you're going to really play a guy out, these guys would play for 1012 hours, they would keep going back and forth and back and forth. It's crazy. Like I've seen guys, and you would see him the next day they'd still be playing. You go there in the morning, they'd be playing all through the night. I don't know what the fuck they were on. Most likely some sort of amphetamines that was a big thing in the pool world for a while, guys would just break each other with gambling. It would just it would be about who quits it wouldn't be about who won. It's very rarely about like you know, like you would you'd be you would be frowned upon highly if you left on top so if you're ahead by 500 bucks and you want to quit me and I'm still ready ready to keep playing I still got more money man let me win my money back if you just walked away nope, I've got what I wanted I'm going to leave now like that would be you'd be what's called bad

action but guys I got two kids and how to get up to seven and go through the pool all

motherfucker with two kids you're not playing that kind of pool there ain't nobody with two kids playing that level pool in pool halls like gambling pool maybe now there are there's actually a few guys I take that back there's a few guys with kids that are top of the food chain

because a pool hall mile from my house whenever I get whenever I go into Hollywood now I can't do okay no more so I gotta go the long way. And I get off on victory just to see it fucking always fell with degenerates. I'm petrified to pull in there are some

places we're home to me.

He's always what I'm talking about right next to the strip club.

Is that on victory

right when you exit that there's a strip club right next to a wall. Well,

I know the only good one in this area Washington to the only good one the only good one I know of his house of billiards in Sherman Oaks. I like this area.

Have you been great you bid on the one on one have you seen what that place? Is that where you took me there a couple of times to eat we did comedy there. Remember Hollywood billiards you took me there? Yeah, it's fucking a building. What is it now? Go there next time. What does it look like? I don't know. Next time I drove by and I was like, oh my god that used to be we did comedy that too. Deal with Aria. We

played pool there a bunch a bunch of times that place was

fucking done. That whole area is completely that's where I'm at

Crazy Max are really? Really Yeah, like that. Dude can play some fucking pool. Ooh.

So when you play Max separately how much you have to put up guys to put him on a one hour get

tortured. You would have to bet like that I would go to you're never gonna bet on me. Like a guy like Max Eberly. He's top of the food chain as far as his technique and delivery. He can win a world championship tournament. Like legitimately he's that good? I have no chance. Like if we played 12 games, I might win a couple. I might get lucky and win a few. Maybe I'll win four. He's gonna win way more. He's gonna get to 12 for sure quicker. It'd be a terrible bet. The bet would be how many games do I get to? That'd be the bet. If you say you'll never get past three because a guy like Max I believe can run 10 racks in a row. And I'm not exaggerating. I've seen him do it. Blam breaks, runs 10 racks in a row but to the point where you're sitting there he did it in Vegas. We were all hanging out I think was man was an RA I forget who came with me.

Actually I forget the time place.

Yes, that place is amazing. And that's exactly what Max Max is playing. He would break and run out on guys and they would just get frustrated. They'd be like what the fuck man they just get didn't get to shoot We watched him he was gambling some guy. And when the set was over, the guy was just pissed off. Because matches would miss it was crazy. Just watch him. He's playing a guy that really just wanted to take a chance and play like a top of the food chain guy and gamble with them. But just watching the difference between a kid who can play a little pool is pretty good. Versus a world championship caliber pool players are so precise. Like his technique is so clean and his angles are perfect. And he's just effortlessly effortlessly moving the cue ball on the table to where he wants it. He sees clusters and problems way in advance and breaks them up. It's so high level. That's my boy. That's Max Abberley. He taught me how to play pool. Not that it didn't already play it before I met him, but he taught me how to play it way better way better. He made my game way more technical. He was explaining things that I was just guessing before and he was explaining what was wrong with my approach and like what was that what's a better way to do it? He's a wizard when it comes to technique. Now he

can make a living going from pool hall to pool hall. No way because he's that good?

Well, he's an artist too. Fortunately for Max he he makes pretty cool artwork like a lot see some of its probably on his Instagram pull cubes or something. No, no, no, no.

That does poke us poke you somebody along the way. Said he makes like fucking eight G Polk Jr, ivory.

Eric Chris. That's my boy Eric.

So

that's what I play with. I play with his cue. His cue is he's a wizard man. He's a guy who's like really into like the grains of woods. He's really into like patterns and he thinks of like to him. Wood is like mesmerizing, he finds like the most beautiful pieces of wood and combines them together and they have to have a certain harmonic frequency. Like he drops him on a cement floor just like dank, dank clay he wants to hear a certain sound from the wood otherwise he won't use it. He's like finding logs on the side of the highway and shit and recognizing some weird hardwood that no one's ever used before it he cuts it up and makes a cue out of it so wizard like his chooser free to any he doesn't give a fuck. He makes as many as he wants. He will you know sometimes you don't make them for a while. Makes them first friends. Well let me pay for one after I have to pay for everything. Just to not feel terrible. He's like the nicest guy ever. Play some fucking pool too.

So I don't even know when this podcast started and Zod against it's happened but it's funny before we started we're talking about yeah 4.8 billion Oh my god

3% will happen and divides it only 3% So most of it online online is that Chris Christie thing you pulled up earlier Jamie

listen G online and banks banks there's still people who are like, you know, they have they got a ton of loot.

Chris Christie goes to the Supreme Court on sports betting is he trying to get sports betting legalized? They

passed something in New Jersey I think in 2011 to allow betting and sports but it's still in Las Vegas because of the whatever law there is back

on your team Chris. All right. So he has a supreme I have a few problems. But we all do

17 states also with him on this, I think they want to do it.

So he want he opposed it or he they want it again,

they want betting again because they have an NHL team in Vegas. And that's always been like the logic is that there'll be some issue whatever can't be betting where their sports being played. Because someone will throw the

game. Everybody should be able to bet every city she'll do whatever you want. You're gonna say Yeah, exactly.

Man we're gonna talk to you gonna do

these games though. The I'm fascinated by this game. She's here hypnotized ladies into going crazy losing all their their money 60

minutes, the whole whole piece on these games that are like laser ish. You know, and people will actually put the percentage was higher amongst women, because of its so let me explain something. You know, it just, it's like video games, like gambling. It's very fucking so

addictive, like a video game. Gambling very good.

So that's what that beef was to remove these type of games, because I'm telling you since I was a kid, I always I first off. I lived with my mother. She had a lot of problems. She had a lot of great issues. But she was a degenerate gambler on baseball. Between the Boston Red Sox and the New York Mets, they killed it. They killed and I saw the decline. I saw what I saw a person watch two baseball games at the same time. Remember, in those days, you didn't have split screen and direct TV. So if you were Puerto Rican, you took one TV and you put it on top of the other TV and you got Fox and NBC in your head. Cable when it came with the cord, remember when HBO still had the cord to the fucking thing. And it was a thing with a box that you pressed, and you switch three levels. In those days, maybe there was no edit and there was no ABA package or NBA branch. You got like one other game. So we would pray that would be the Boston Red Sox. And she would watch both fucking games and gamble at the same time. Not not even that the numbers. If she had a dream about a goat, if she had a dream about going back to Cuba, that's bam. So my family if she had a dream about seeing her daughter band, it was a number. They would call her, they would call her at a quarter three, because she had all that all those contacts. So that was that gambling then there was then there was the track addiction, which started at Aqueduct in the afternoon. If the sun was shining, that was an excuse to go to Aqueduct from my mother. Let me go to Aqueduct not say you had three after school, and she'd be there at three. But the whole time she'd be scratching, because the Meadowlands started at eight. She knew she'd catch the Meadowlands at eight. So guess what happens then if you lose the eight o'clock Meadowlands you haul your ass to Yonkers, with the death of death. This is where you go to before you go to a pool on the side of your blood. You got to Yonkers raceway. Do you understand me? Have you ever been to Yonkers raceway? Yeah, we've done a quarter to one, where do you think you're going? You either going to sell your soul or give you a blood see go shoe pool? Because you're saving the day? You cannot go home and loser?

Right? Right. There's

all day gambling, oh my god. So that was her thing. So I also grew up in an Italian family, that the mother was a joke. It was like a fucking act. It was like an act. She had three kids. They were tremendous kids. I knew the husband. He worked for a big corporation. They drove a nice car, they went to church. But on Saturdays, when I go over there, I will always go Asian mom, they go. My mom plays cars with the with the Rogan's, and, and this name. But why as I got older, one day, somebody said to me, don't be careful when you go over there, why? They might shoot that lady in the head. She was like six. I mean, when I was a kid, I was like 13. And somebody came from and they said, be careful when you go with it. Because the moms a little bit on those card games. And as I got home,

scared for your life from a card game match been scared for your life. Well,

it was a different game. That's how they saw you. And so a lot of the people now I also grew up with men degenerate gamblers, when I know all the symptoms, I know the itch. This this thing on 60 minutes just spoke about this addiction with a computer thing with women. That was it. That was really interesting. But I know how it fucking creeps up on you. It's not a couple of years ago. It's

called slot machines, the big gamble.

So it's just slot machines in general.

They have slot machines, computer ones, yes. They have an

effect on women in particular. Maybe man the fuck up ladies. How about that?

No dog.

Here's my take on this whole gambling thing. Like you remember horse betting in New York. Like you'd go the horse you go off track, but yeah, it was right there.

Right there. They made that for a reason. Yeah.

I mean, they're just trying to make it legal. This is legal commodities is legal. It's

not legal. It's to take a piece. Yeah, no, I'm saying what that piece? Have you been to a medical marijuana store recently? No, I haven't. Okay, what are they like, if it's $60 Your tab is now $76. Because the tax it's $16 in taxes if you buy something for $60. The

thing about weed though, is it goes so far. Think about how much like $100 where the weed goes. You could be on the moon for three days. For three days. Buy they're

gonna sell those 200 milligram stars to people go down the fucking and wow, the DEA comes in and shuts them down. They don't give a fuck. That's to like if you're on Ventura Boulevard, you gotta be really cool. Because you're done.

I don't think there's anything wrong with having a limit on the number of milligrams if that's gonna keep it legal. It's in that's also

market. Market. That's it. You know how much it costs. You know how much it's going to cost the stars at that dude to stay open? How much a half a mil? Oh my God, because it's 70 grand just for the license cheap money. They take that they take that paper up front. They're like Led Zeppelin. They're like Peter grip 1975

The economy's gonna improve and they're still gonna kill Oh, no,

no. He's gonna improve economies. I'll tell you what, how much are they gonna take right off the top? Bang. They looked at Colorado's thing and said, Listen, we'll cover that with steroids. We'll come in and with THD forget what they're doing. Listen, we're doing just a set shop now. We don't care have you been in business of not just the setup shop, we got to get a piece of the actual wouldn't

be fine if they just they worked deals out with banks and made it easy and acceptable for these guys to be exempt put them right. And a lot of places it wasn't they were dealing in cash they hired especially in Colorado in the early days, they had to hire a lot of like spec ops guy loves and Spec Ops. Like I know what the fuck I'm talking about. Sounds cool. They would hire like former seals and shit. And they would have to carry the the money to the bank because everybody knew there was like giant sums of cash. So it made it very dangerous. They weren't allowing them to use banks or credit cards rather. They weren't allowing them to you know, sell we would credit cards, but they're selling weed and credit cards in LA medical, the hot and the 90 the hot

store. When you turn me on to my license, the hot store at the time, which they're not they're no more. That dude at the height of it was walking out every day with 25 gram by himself and wife. Wow, that's dangerous. He was it. But you know what, he was just dumb as fuck when the DA came and have that cash in the safe right then and then they just moved on.

I know a guy got shot. He was a really nice guy. And he used to work at the Tanglewood Wellness Center. And this is the early days of the medical legalization. It was like I want to say it's like somewhere around 299 somewhere somewhere in that range. 2009. And he apparently was coming out with a big bag gash and someone shot him right in the stomach. That took his money.

They didn't take care of them took all the cash.

There was nothing to hire people you had to hire. You got to hire

people. You know, I see I see amateur mistakes. Yeah, I saw this. I see amateur mistakes constantly. For example, the store I'm talking about. He lost he lost everything Joe wrote and we always say well, he lost everything. He would any weed he got this guy was an exotic guy himself. Like he was ahead when you're ahead you love when somebody brings you. So he bought as much as he could. I love that expression. I had, he was ahead. Nobody uses that. They don't use that anymore. So what he would do is when you walked into this place, he would have 60 weeds on the wall. And he kept all his weed on the property. When the feds came, it was like stealing. He had everything there. Everything was there. Why didn't they open? You have to have an apartment and you have to have an amount amount. Six ounces is all you should have one week. If Jamie comes in and he wants eight ounces. Give me 10 minutes I got a pigeon that'll bring it over him 5 million right across the street and I got a little apartment with a stash that you have a couple of safes you have to if the cops ain't gonna let you deposit you gotta be fucking creative. If you read all these guys stories, the hardest Joe Rogan you any questions. The hardest thing is what to do with all the cash. Think about that problem genre assuming that it's a real problem. No, no think about this room filled with a lot of what was the movie? I just went oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no. I just on a plane you got when you're on a plane, and Tom Cruise is on you gotta give him the benefit of the doubt. Oh, I got another bulletin me. I watched the Barry seal thing. How was it? It's not an Academy Award winner. But it's very interesting when we're just burying money Joe Rogan for millionaires shot like me you are a yard like bearing money like a suitcase with $100 bills falling out of it. And you don't give a Frenchmans fuck. I

was wanting to know this Snopes this did Barry seal die with George Bush's phone number in his pocket? That's fair. We said and he died. They shot him on the way to the trial with George Bush his phone number in his pocket.

Oh, he was top notch that guy yeah, it all he seen it bro. He took pictures of them loading a fucking plane in Nicaragua with Escobar and the top aide in Nicaragua. They had him by the fucking balls no matter what I used that took balls fuck and they fucked him in the ass. They told him that they wouldn't release the pictures. Then they released a pictures which was douchey that's why the guy got shot. That's fucked up. They should have taken him in hidden to me fuck is

interesting though. This fascinated that guy. That's a 100% assassination in connection to some sort of illegal government.

There was the fucking Co Op was illegal when he talked about that was Escobar buried a message they had

a deal where Barrick seals could land though, right? Like it wasn't part of the thing was with the people on the ground on the ground that was in MENA But

here's the problem. This is where Eddie Bravo comes in. Right? They were landing in those Everglades and don't quote me on that he broke it down for me and somebody else broke it down for me to be honest with you. And they were allowing that your boys clock Clinton clock, that's, that's that's that theory the whole always be as drops out right?

Because the truth is fascinating. The truth is two boys were murdered. And the coroner the official report they gave to the parents was that they had fallen asleep on the train tracks. So the parents pay for some sort of an autopsy. And it's revealed that the kid had been stabbed, and that one of them had been stabbed. And then they find out that around that same area was where those guys would drop their drugs before they landed, they would parachute down their drugs. They would they would like and they would land. And these guys, they would drop points where they would put their shit and then someone else would come by and pick it up on the ground. You got caught, right. And these kids apparently saw something they weren't supposed to see. So they fucking murdered these kids with knives and then the coroner was all in on it. So they had to conduct some sort of independent so that is what got this whole Barry seals thing going. It was this lady trying to figure out this parents trying to figure out what happened to their kids. You know, Joe fucking crazy story we have

to imagine, okay, that these guys were getting, you know, let's just draw a number. I mean, I'm just an idiot, but let's just draw number they were probably getting $4,000 per kilo. What would they put on those planes? And then we're sending five of those planes over a day and dropping them in Louisiana. This one listen, and I told you 1000 times in the podcast, and 83 They found the bear dead next to a duffel bag filled with cocaine and Aspen Colorado in the mountains. Because they were dropping the fucking coke in the mountains very bad. Wait the coke and he fucking odd?

Oh, what does it say? Okay, Barry seal, seal it organize a sting operation where he managed to get photographs of Pablo Escobar, helping Nicaraguan soldiers to load 1200 kilos of cocaine onto a seat by 23 military planes. Soon afterwards, Reagan went on television with the photograph to denounce Sandinistas as drug smuggling corrupting dot, dot dot.

That's how much he was getting for that.

1,800,000 for one fucking low.

Now, here's the tricky thing. Here's what here's what really pisses me the fuck off? That I've seen Narcos. And I see everything but now this is your uncle Joe he talking to you Joe Rogan, please show me the good side of Pablo Escobar. No, no, I'm not gonna know. There's no good side to Pablo Escobar in St. Louis Harvey Weinstein. This is a story that we have never brought up. But you have to assume okay. You see all these shows? And the whole fucking thing? And they were in bed? For sure. With Nicaragua? Yeah. Now who else was embedded in Nicaragua?

Let me ask you this. Do you think that it is the actual CIA? Or people? Or if it when it was let's not even say CIA? DEA, FBI made a bunch of fucking letters put them together? Is it the actual organization? whichever one it is? That's bringing it in? Are they complicit? Or are they're just cowboys? See, the theory has always been that there's been these few cowboys corrupt guys, maybe they get too close to drug deals, to quote close to the drug deal. And then sometimes they get seduced, like, because there's many, many stories of undercover undercover cops getting seduced by the actual lifestyle of being a criminal. Young kids, they probably did a little crime themselves here or there. They see some cops doing some dirty shit. They see him some guy, you know, there was a thing that came out about was it Baltimore, what is the city where cops had came out and trial, they had kept toy guns on them to plant at the scene of a crime. Like if they just decide to shoot

a fucking toy talking to the big picture the big world picture as an intelligent individual as you are. The player was playing in sample, the CIA wanted a piece of their action. And the DEA was tricked into going down in a really controlled war. You can't be this not I'm not saying you as an American, you can't be this dumb. So all the research that we've done, right, all the research that we've done with general noit he was in on the package with battery seal, the whole fucking thing and here's where it gets even deeper. Let's talk about the deepness of that that nobody ever even looked at. And you have to think of because I heard this story 1000 times. There was a guy by the name of Carlos laid there that he got crazy. You know, they show him getting this dicks up on the radio, in Colombia and everything and all these TV shows no, he was on an island, snorting coke with long hair, talking like Jim Morrison and having fucking threesomes and the fuck come in and as you said, your Rogen didn't make a boy escape. Tetra alcoholic, because they were anyway.

But they weren't serious man. They were very nervous in the presence of a guy like that

lay dead said in front of Congress that he was getting 800,000 He was given Fidel 800,000 A shipload to come in on the his flag at the time she

imagined being in the presence of Fidel Castro just being in his presence. Like if he was, you know, in his prime if you're in the room with him in his prime knowing how he ran Do you have no he

took it over? You have no idea maybe he would be annoyed this terrifying to be a Cuban American. You have to hate the guy. I have to hate him. But as a man that thinks you have to see what his path was crazy again. That's where my man TJ Inglis comes in with a van and Nocturne to the revolution. How he started it three different places at once. The revolution it just wasn't eight monkeys that put on gorilla suits and went on to mount a cube, right. He came to Jersey first got arrested, went to Tampa got arrested. He was already passing out flyers. They always confuse Lee Harvey I was well no, it wasn't Lee Harvey given up pamphlets. It was Fidel Castro given that's a joke. Please don't quote the CIA. It's a joke. I'm not writing. Yeah. Fidel Castro was in Union City, New Jersey. I can't tell you the dates back. I have my friend call into the podcast and tell you the story about Fidel talking to his mother on a daily when she would wait to get on the bus. She was an Irish girl in Union City. If she goes I know Fidel in 1952. in Union City,

just think of what he did to the Italians. He kicked everybody out. Fuck because casino your casinos mine now it was a

very brilliant movie started in the mountains. He fucking he, you know, he just took all the little villages. There. No. And then he changed the minds. Because first of all, it wasn't an easy thing. For them to do. Batista was really fucking the country. He had really divided the country. You have no idea what racism was till you were in Cuba in 1955. Black people weren't allowed in casinos. You have no idea. These poor people today everybody's crying about you have no idea what black rights were in Cuba for those black fucking people. They got no rights. So those people were poor. There was such a high level of that. You see all these people dancing. But on the other side, there was fucking famine, like people were fucking dying. So they wanted to change. Fidel came in there as a hero. First of all, he came in as Cuba was going to change. But then he switched it on. And he aligned with Russia, and he became a communist. That's what made it worse. That's what made it worse. Racism and hunger has always existed in Cuba. It did that that was the problem that they always showed that party side of Cuba. But that other side of the island Oh, that was people starving. Wow. And Batista Come on. But these

aren't they keep up the tobacco production. That

I don't know. I don't know. I was still thinking that Joey but

now all that they had the best cigars in the world, but

that people complain and now that they're not the same cigars. Some people

are complaining but a lot of people getting frauds. Apparently, apparently when you buy Cuban cigars from untruths, on trusty people, you could definitely get some fake because

now they're talking about how the soil isn't rich. Like people go there's

an expert. Oh, Bobby Kelly. Bobby Kelly is a real expert. Like he was on our show fears podcast, they were talking about cigars. Bobby Kelly really knows his shit like he was he was going in depth about how many fake cigars there are and how he can even kind of taste a fake cube and he smoked so many cigars. And he thought maybe one of ours was fake. It might be fake night deals. No, I think this is real. I did this. Like it's like he's like that discerning about that shit. Hmm. There's a lot of weird freaks when it comes to cigars. Like people are super into them. They get sick. They get you high as fuck to. This is something that people aren't talking about. You smoke a cigar you're like, ooh, that's there's so much nicotine in

that you had the Cuban coffee to it. Oh my god. It's how the process is supposed to go down with the Cuban coffee. That's a cigar. And you go deep, deep, deep. Yeah. And you only need a little taste of an edible and a half hour and you'll be there you'll get the jack

Chappelle smokes it with sometimes with cigarettes in it. We did it the other night in the back of the Comedy Store with cigarette and tobacco.

We've done it a couple of times with th So

yeah, whoo. You get elevated. It was it was interesting. I got

one time from San Francisco to Reno. One time from San Francisco to Reno, Doug the cops were looking for me in San Francisco. And you go down to the any of those tourist districts, and they have like a bus that'll take you to Reno so I just jumped on the bus to Reno with his check. And this is 1985 and was sitting on the bus. And there's this Egyptian kid I never forget this. And the back of that you could smoke on the bus in those days cigarettes. So he had rolled a blunt with hash and tobacco in it. And I had never done that before guys, I'm not gonna lie. I had never even I took two hits to that fucking thing though. I had a puke in that bathroom. I got high as fuck. But that combination together that tobacco this weed. Yeah, Ash. He had the real jolly that's a bit much for Uncle Joe. He's the

first time I ever smoked a spliff with with Charlie Murphy. Charlie Murphy rolled them is cousin Richard roll on to Charlie to roll he would that was he would take Swisher Sweets old school, you know, any kind of cigar paper and they would turn it into a joint with a cigar paper, which is like you inhale weed. You never really inhaled those cigars. You just kind of get them in your mouth and you taste it and you blow it out. But when you take a drag a weed, you open your lungs up and fill your lungs to the smoke. Cigar smokes too harsh for that. You don't don't don't smoke like that. For the most part. Most people don't. But when you do it with pot you do. So you get this Karuna easy blast and nicotine and occur Raizy blast a weed and you're like, wow, it's very different than just weed. I

think I smoked Yeah. Last night on the podcast. I took two hits off a friend of mine gave me one of those. I liked those. And it was pretty fucking

scared. I'm scared of us. I'm just kidding. My like the ones with cigarettes in them. I'm scared.

No, no, no, no, no, no smoking. No, no,

I'm not smoking cigarettes. But the ones with cigarettes. And I'm that's an interesting little Hi. It's like, oh, this is a new door to the room. It's interesting.

That's what like smoking but one of the hardest things I ever gave up. was smoking cigarettes after you smoke a joint. Right? That is just pure brilliance. When you hit a fucking joy and you take a little sip of coffee, and after you smoke that do two notes. You light up a Marlboro light is life fucking changing Brown.

I know a lot of people love them after a real good meal.

Well the whole it's the whole package. So my god let me add a meal, a meal, a joint and then a cigarette. And then another cigarette and a cup of coffee on top of that and some dessert. Another cigarette you have no fucking idea cigarettes again. It should please. Everybody. I can't smoke my Tony's hooked. My blood pressure will be 2000 over at

Tony says you can quit anytime now you can.

Fella and you know what? What was the best one out? What I realized was two years ago I shot something and I smoked that night. I asked one of the camera guys let me fucking Give me a cigarette. And that next morning was when I realized how really fucking bad day. You felt

terrible. Oh, how many of you have one to two cigarettes?

Two Marlboro lights. And I was fine that night.

You did one night at a comedy club. And I was like, What the fuck is going on? Every now and then I want to smoke? The fuck?

No, no, I'll never do it again. After that night in Chicago. I'll never do it again.

I took one of Tony's ones before a show. That's interesting. Cigarettes are interesting. Doesn't it does a weird little thing. Yes, it does. Yes, it does. One of the reasons why I did is because I would read something about nootropics and talking about different vitamins like what's good for brain function. And one of the things they said that nicotine nicotine is actually a nootropic. And that they found that some people under the use of tobacco with the use of tobacco, they achieve like a elevated state of like, certain functions of the brain. Like it actually has some sort of a small measurable effect. So it really does stimulate the way your brain works. See

for me, it's different. I have to it's the combination. Yeah, that's for me. Hmm. Like I don't I wouldn't just enjoy right now you say goodbye myself, but the cigarette with the weed but if that coffee was brewing hot right now. And it was maybe 60 degrees outside with a little bit of wind and sunlight. Well, you know, when you stand out in the sun, you're warm, but when you're in the breeze a little cool. Yeah, you go outside, and a good join of some fucking tremendous reef with the sun hitting your face. And you take a nice hit of a cigarette walk combined, or even or even like I like what I do, to a cup of coffee, or pop a fucking number and that alone nicotine gum to give you a little guts, some blood pressure to make blood pressure medication on top of that all together. It all works out. If you take them apart, nothing really happens. I get it but together that's where you put the muffin going. Yeah.

For me, it's a small shot of Jack Daniels and one to two hits of a joint before comments. If

just a little, just a little tap a taste. Yeah, just a

little Yikes. One hit is really preferred. So smart move to hits if you're feeling I do get an idea.

I do the tequila the night. Well. Three points. Not bad.

Oh, what would you weightwatchers? Yeah, but how long are you doing the Weight Watchers? How long have you been? I

started December 9. I went from 309 to 296. Oh, excellent. But you know what, bro? here's the here's the stupid thing. Here's the dumbest thing in the world. I got sick and tired of people saying how clean that diet was. You don't know dick? Until you go to Weight Watchers. Listen to me say with the new weight. Watch. This is your reading. It's different. It's my go check. Oh,

okay. So the chicken

nutritions chicken breast, chicken breast. I come to your house tonight. And you go Joey What do you want me to chicken breasts? Just a marination I gotta watch how you marinated right? Oh gods 0.0 piece of salmon. Zero Gods beans. All types.

Zero corn. Zero. cost money. Or what costs points? beef, beef. Beef does

19. breasted pussies over

No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But if you look at it, if you look at it, bro, check this out. You know you do jujitsu in 30 minutes and 16 Fucking points. They fit it in size.

You add points. Yeah, I

tried thinking about I'm going wait a second guys smart. Wait a second guys any kind of bows. I'm swinging bats. I'm hitting the bag. I'm walking around the park. I'm still gaining weight. Something's not right. So it's the like the butter. I don't use butter. No more I can eat my piece of wheat toast with my eggs. Oh, you ready for this are off

the other way? Ready for this rush? Throwing away that toast and just eating the butter? I

don't know. I gotta have my thoughts. Yeah, but eat the butter. Butter is good for you. Especially if it's grasses.

I get a yo Yos are great. Yeah, I eat like, you know, egg whites and I cut around them. You had a

bit about that? No, no. There's a thing in the news yesterday where they're saying that people only eating egg whites is a tremendous health deserve sight.

Listen, five years ago, it don't take a fucking moron to take 20 years ago, nobody was getting concussions. Nobody was getting soft. Nobody was getting their feelings hurt, especially men. All of a sudden, I saw people started eating egg whites. And I saw a big rise in people having a hard time getting their wives pregnant. All of a sudden, I saw commercials about erectile dysfunction. Men never talked about having men talked about dog I did some blow the other night. And I didn't get my debit card. Now all of a sudden there's a commercial on national TV on prime time. Some fucking guy saying that. And also they started dropping that low testosterone shit. And I'm telling you dog one thing about Uncle Joey I've always loved egg yolks. I don't like I don't even like mixing them. I think it's bad for I don't even like scrambled eggs. I'll eat them if you make them. If you make them nice to me with a little sour cream and a little milk and dirt and right. I like it but I don't like just prison. I got to see the yolk. I got a rule when you take me for breakfast, I always got to see the yolk. So I cut around the other than a waitress said to me you've been coming here for a long time. You do not touch the white and she goes I mean you do not touch it. I have become like a surgeon with that knife. I get the yoke perfectly. I take that wheat toast now. I don't even eat the whole tube slices and Windows only a half a wheat toast. I take one egg yolk and put it on one side. And I eat the whole thing. Robert De Niro right ate the fucking egg and an Angel Heart. When he wanted to scan Mickey walked in. He just said that's how I do it. I put a piece of bacon in my mouth. And I take the other piece of wheat toast put the egg yolk on that. I take a piece of bacon and I eat my fruit and that's fucking it. That's I got 80 egg yolk don't and you can eat three egg yolks but you could also scramble for eggs. Get a tortilla for black beans and salsa. All that cost you is the fucking tortilla dog. Four points where you can have a four fucking point breakfast and eat a bowl of fruit and get brand fucking new dog. It's amazing. That's a great scene.

This is a great sample it

is creepy fingernails. Remember to watch a mother of these two guys were such motherfuckers it's so funny. Oh from Brooke how crazy I don't believe that mumbo jumbo. I mean In the top, these guys were the best man. He just

told you believe that the egg is a symbol of the soul and some religious look. You see your skin I don't know.

But his face when he's eaten that egg. Show me that again. That's

a breath of Mickey Rourke phrase was

shitting handsome fella.

Yeah, but poor fucking monkey Look at his face.

Not exaggerated. That's the devil. That's about as good as a human being is ever going to do an impression of what the devil would look like face human being.

Seriously.

He wouldn't be fooled

by that. Who else played the devil?

Yep. But jado when he would do those crazy double reds was all that every movie had to have a rant.

I'm sick and fucking tired. Right?

He went through a whole period of time where his rants are so powerful that like how, here's where we're gonna put the rant right here like right he's his rants were fucking phenomenal. I mean, how Pacino is Scarface, right. I mean, who has who has more epic screaming rants in film history than Al Pacino? I'd say zero. But I'll tell

you something else about Pacino. Nobody's had a bitches hard. Everyone on TV on how to Pacino. he smacked his sister in Scarface. And he smacked that chicken The Godfather when she told me she had an abortion. Yeah,

like really? Yeah, he

really had a blast.

Dude, it looks scary. Like he looks like he hit her. Like if it looks like if you're an actress and you never got hit like that before you be like, Oh my god. Ever Steve McQueen and Ali McGraw. Yeah. And that was real that was that was real. It wasn't even supposed to be in the scene right smack that just out of principle. Have you ever seen that scene Jay?

We showed before showed before he saw repetitive none of that sweet folks.

That's what you get. You get the fun stuff. But you also get who else play memory about 1000

deals. I also heard that fucking hero played Dracula. Oh, yeah, you show that move? Oh, no, no, no, no. Gary Oldman, sorry. No, but

didn't dinero play the Dracula in something no it prank Frankenstein. De Niro played Frankenstein once was really

good. I was terrible.

It was one of those ones where you like wait, what? It was weird. Actually. He was pretty good as a monster though.

These are all the actors that played the devil. Well, movies.

What was Kaiser Sosa? He wasn't the devil, right? Yeah. Was he? Sure? A lot of people Jennifer Love Hewitt played the devil. Jesus Christ. John Ritter played the devil. John Ritter did a couple episodes. News Radio. Look at at least one hold

on. Look at Vincent Price, bro. Vincent Price was fucking just amazing. He really was mad. Some of those movies uh, he did like two movies that really scared the shit out of me. Yeah, what?

What did he do? Which movies did he do?

Those two trying

to remember. There was a lot of like really fun movies back then. That if you watch today, you like what the 40s It

was definitely a Batman right? What was he on Batman?

House on Haunted Hill there's there's his thing. House of Wax. That was a big one. House of Wax was a big one. The last man on earth he was always like it was like thought of as that like real good creepy actor guy was good in scary movies.

What's his IMDB? I wonder if he was? Yeah, yeah. Was if he was Vincent Price. He was in substance

was it funny how a guy gets like synonymous with a genre of movies like Vincent Price you think about all scary movies. You know there's a few guys like that. You think of their name? Oh, scary movie. You know John Romero scary movie. You know Dawn of the Dead.

That's filled.

Though TV. That's his name right? John Romero.

The John Romero did was that George Romero. John

Romero is a guy who was a game developer in the early days of doom. He was within software, like Doom and Quake and those kinds of games. Now George

Romero was the guy that on paper officially started this whole zombie fucking Shin much right when we were kids, neither dad and the other one dog he has was seen in one of those and had it been 1975 I was maybe 12 years old. Maybe 13. One of those came out. And we took a hit acid and we all went to the movie theater on a Saturday. Take the number one bus to Jersey City. And they would play two of these movies. Donner Dan something else

Night of the Living Dead or something fucking out. Night of the Living Dead was the first one and there's one

scene where the black guys go for the helicopter just chops his hat off. Oh, jesus fucking christ I run out of movies with scare the leverage. I don't know how many times I took the number one bus to go to Jersey City to Journal Square. There was a movie theater dog. That's why I saw Richard Pryor live at the Sunset Strip the first time on a Friday night. I got stabbed. That's you got stabbed, I got caught, I still got the scar. That's where I saw the Pink Panther movies. That was my first genre into getting high. And going to the movies like I knew I couldn't go to the movies in North Bergen a Union City because I bump into one of my mother's friends or some. So me and my little girl boss figured out if we went to Jersey City, we could get on the bus cause little drama, get a six pack split four ways, and smoke a joint and go into those movies and giggle and act like an asshole. We also went down to the sea to groove tube and Kentucky Fried movie. Kentucky Fried movie was a genre that started before Saturday Night Live. And there was a movie put together by a bunch of sketches. But one of the famous sketches is there in a courtroom. And

and there's a grill people up yeah, they would

just say different stupid things. And the fucking guy go Yeah, there was nobody there.

Attendees. Yeah. Do this movie today. YouTube, by the way.

This was on HBO, where we were kidding. All right, Jamie. Oh my god. Yeah. This

is on HBO. So you had a talk. Your mother had to get an HBO because groove tube, or Kentucky Fried movie was gonna be on.

And they were hilarious. You could never have this movie today. Yeah, she's getting triggered. Yes, you could.

You could do this movie. They don't have the balls to do this movie today.

Girls are getting piled. Look

at this. Look at this shit. This

is crazy. You can never do this no movie today. And regular movie. They would never allow that Catholic high school girls in trouble. And the guys bang a girl in the shower and you see your tits pressing up against the glass. Like legitimately See, everything

American Pie was not. I mean, it's not a sketch thing, but it wasn't too far different.

No, but even American Pie I think you'd struggle to do that now. I think the climate ship

No no, no, we there's still a part of America loves this type of humor. Joe Rogan no Pino, they're

trying to they took f1 grid girls out of Formula One racing grid girls, like hot when it took them out. And now they're petitioning to take octagon girls out and bring car girls. They're saying like, we need to stop this like, and they're like, What are you talking about? So we make a living stupid? Like what? Well, it's the objectification of women. I think. If you can have Chippendales and you can have I think you should have run card boys. See who gets hired. Joey what happened?

I am just people are crazy people. You know, you, you you made a point the other day with those two young men that I don't want to quote you. You said something about that. There's a somebody got mad at people with a vagina that's black. Man, it was

transgender supporters were mad because it represents the Woman's March and not everyone who's a woman has a vagina that was there. They're upset. It's transphobic fucking

as much as an American as you will want. I'm fucking done. I'm done. I'm done. I don't know what else to do. I mean, three months ago, the fucking some guy came out with a brilliant movie, Stephen King. Let's scan everybody that did not. It was a number one film about a clown. Yeah. And all of a sudden there was a parade. You know, they got together clowns marched in protection of clowns, because ever since that movie came out a bunch of clowns lost their jobs. Oh my god in the spring like they were booked for the fall. So they bought you know, we'll get into something now that's just totally out of control. I read the Amy Schumer thing with the on Z on Zarya. I read you know, you try to not avoid everything. But it's right in front of you every day. There's something else. I'm just waiting for the fucking shoe to drop every day. I am gonna continue to be who I am Joe Rogan on stage. I don't really give a fuck about sensitive I can't. I'm gonna stand up. I can't I don't have time. I feel you. I think about it. I also watch the podcast. Have you with Brendan and Brian. And you talked about something that didn't happen to no no. It did happen to me where I was at a child children's school at a fair and and I tried to turn it into a bit I just couldn't sell it to be funny. Kid was playing in front of me. And I could tell there was something not right with the child. And some of the child called him a faggot and the kids Mother came on she goes, he's not a fact that he's a transgender. And then the mother came up to me, I'm high as fuck. How old were you? Two weeks. This is three months ago, okay? This is three months ago at a park. You know, before you go to those events, you get tuned up, out and you put rising in your eyes and you go down and you try to be as nice as you can as a parent, but you try to avoid talking to a lot of people, your wife does all the talking. You just sit down and wave the people I try. Who do you think's gonna win Machida? I am a cheater, and you just you just watching the girls, and I'm saying, you try to do that. But there's always something at those events that you get back in the car with your wife and go. Mrs. Rogen, what the fuck was that about? And then they'll break it down for you. Tell me I'm lying to you? Yeah, and every fucking thing. It's like you. You were talking about the people believe in the earth that there was no Adam and Eve. That's what I'm starting to when you would tell him that bit. I didn't know what the fuck you were talking about? Oh, what does he hang out with? Was Yeah, with this poor bastard. But now that I have a child, that's five, I'm getting out to see different people's views that are my age. And this lady came up to me and gave me a whole he a beat, how the kid is 15 They have my medication. And he's known he was a woman since he was nine. And that, but then she fucked up Joe Rogan's she said, she always wanted a girl anyway, no Jesus. But you guys are talking about something about there was somebody that got in trouble for a three year old, give them block shadow, we're not about that world. I know nothing. Oh,

and Benjamin, you got in trouble got fired from his agency, they dropped him because he was tweeting a bunch of shit about someone using hormone blockers on a three year old. He's like, this is crazy,

what I listened to that day and where I live, I thought my head was gonna blow up. And when she came over and explained why he was going to be a trend again, well, here's

the thing, here's my thing. Behaving here's my thing, if kids behaving a certain way, let them keep behaving that way. You don't have to fucking throw hormones in the mix, you don't even know what's going to happen when you do that you're going to change who he is. So you're telling me that he has this urge to take hormones that are not native in his body in the same amount. So he's this urge to do this. So we should just let him do it. No, he has an urge to be identified as a woman, like you don't even have to do anything to do that. If you just decide you identify as a woman, most people are going to be cool with it. Like we're saying that a child has to take some chemicals in the middle of their developmental cycle is the only way we can do this. This is a smart way. This is a smart way when they're six or 16, or whatever it is. That's crazy. That doesn't make sense from a developmental standpoint. Like I'm not a scientist, but I understand enough about the stages that the human being goes through before it reaches adulthood, and you're not really completely formed until you're like 20 years old, or 25 years old, or something like that. It's like the frontal cortex doesn't form till you're 25. So your decision making is always a little weird.

You know, Trump knows what the fuck they want to be at 15? I don't

know it's six, or three. So she

said that he knew at nine Come on, and I went home. And I told my wife, my wife said, Well, you got to watch a show every week on a&e is a show about kids that want to, you know, make the child Listen, it doesn't matter. It's just that I'm trying to. I'm trying to tell you that I'm finding out about shit now that but

you know what's weird? It's like, Why? Why does if someone feels a certain way they feel they are a certain way. And why do they have to take chemicals to achieve a new state? Like what is this? It's like they identify with being a woman. So they have to take chemicals to reach this state. I think, man, if I was a person who is a transgender person, listen to me talk, I'd be like shut the fuck up. You don't know shit about that a lot of you cheered, if you're listening to this, but all I'm saying is that this is a very unusual situation. It's very unusual. I don't think it's a bad thing. But I think that doing it to someone who really can't fully make up their mind yet just seems insanely risky. And what what could happen to the kid can be terrible and people have made successful transitions when they transitioned in their 30s You don't have to do it when you're six. If you want to be a transgender person and you're in your 30s sure where your 20s or whatever, we decide that a human being is rationally capable of making full life decisions that are as dramatic

that's what I thought I was like what the fuck makes a good decision that 16 Nobody 21 to 25

but that doesn't mean that someone at 16 Who thinks they're a woman couldn't absolutely become one later and be super happy with it that's not I'm not saying that's not possible either. Like everything's possible there's a thing for everybody if that is what you feel like is your your thing you want to be that that's your It's who you identify with and you you have every right you have every right to do that. So

what you're saying, bro, you know me fucking drug right there between 16 and 20. A lot. It's not funny,

you did a lot of drugs from the time I met you. The fact that you were on a heavier schedule before that,

no, but I'm talking about like I, I tried to stay away like I was a karate guy like you and the kids from karate. On Saturdays, they were geeks, we either went to a martial art festival. We competed, or we went to a karate movie, or we went to the martial arts supply, high madness places. So we saved our money. If you want to go to the movies and see the five deadly hands, we got to save our money. We're going to Honda next week to buy a Kabuto tonfa. Like we would always buy like the ones that you'd hold

with the just so you know, I don't fuck around your money.

What do you draw on? What do you draw on? This is what if you look at you, do you know how to write Chinese letters? Yeah,

if you look at those old Chinese things, they all had this. That's how you wrote karate. That's how you Wow wrote a karate like that. So you would I knew all about this, you would buy the handle that I would hold. in Taekwondo. They had the what are the top four inches of canvas that you would stand in front of it? And you might you are Maki? whare Yeah, they would have like a you will get really oh my gosh, and then we would save on money. We will geeks. That's what we did at 12. But they had little goombazz in my neighborhood. And when they were 12, they did something completely different. They went behind the school and they would roll one joy and put it in a piece of glass tube and and light it up and we would drink Boone's Farm. The fruit should not get pukey so I didn't know who to hang out with. I would have to be like a double agent. That was a tough job for me as a 12 year old. I liked hanging out with my karate geeks. Right? I like going to competitions. I like doing forms. I like doing the semi contact competitions where you could kick above the head. Yeah, those

are good for kids,

but you don't like it anyway, but you still kick the kid get disqualified. But fuck the job. Just see you know, people did that this isn't life was simple. For me. This is so I had to make a decision. Because the Kung Fu kids didn't get no pussy. They just wanted to pass it. They would talk about girls and they maybe had a crush on the girl in the 430 class, but they never asked them to come to any of the events. My other buddies went to buzzy. So eventually I cut the karate fucking geeks out and I started hanging out with a little druggies and you make your transition into and from those developmental ages. Like I tried to hide my drug use, I tried to hide it, especially with marijuana use for two or three years it was just marijuana. Wow. Then once I became a freshman, I didn't start basketball my freshman year, I decided to Let's venture out into this acid thing. Let's venture into this mescaline thing. It was a different name. It was mescaline but it really wasn't mescaline, Joe Rogan. It was a little tag God, it would know wasn't even peyote. It was a little thing.

I did the same. She was me.

Pound peyote him? Yeah. But mescaline is what they sell you in the South. They supposedly put it into kilo something. This was sow, right? Yeah, this is something that two little fucking white kids made in a pill was rat poison with something else. And something else and it was very tiny. It was maybe a little size of this. That's it and it came in aluminum foil, even smaller than that. Even smaller than that. way smaller. That little thing that that's it, you paid $80 for it and you got 100 of those. And you struggled for $3 apiece, and that would fuck you up for six hours with a two hour haze in between an hour buffer will it come down. And I did that for three or four months. Then they introduced me to THC crystal, which is snorting they'd sold it as what we do is we get a bunch of stems and seeds from the reefer. We put it in a pot and we boil that pot and whatever separate from the stems and the seeds that goes to the sides we scrape that off. And that's what you snort and you know, oh my god. So I was I was I had like a personal karate rule. But I will always just smoke it and do the mescaline but I was never going to put nothing in my nose.

Oh you had a rule like a drug addict put something there no right

like that's it like that's a complete different range. I'll never shoot heroin. I never was specially karate man as a karate man. I carotid morels. I was just straight away with the reefer. And then I finally ended up snorting that fucking gorilla biscuit. Because that's what it was. It was Angel Dust. They just liked and I went on an angel does tear like every Sunday me and my friend Carlos Perez would buy a six pack of mica love. He only like Michelob he has two good friends. Today this kind of special appear with the beer will pour must say something more. Yeah, call it brow dead lowbrow. What are we talking about? Michelob Piccolo? No, we will. We will drink lowbrow low. We will get a six pack and fucking snort a $10 package of THC crystal my mother would go to the track on Sundays. So I knew she wouldn't come back till seven. So being hit with snow in it. As soon as my mother stepped foot neck cod 11 Me and him would happen and we snort it and then fucking just sit around like and be fucking zombies all day. Yeah, but that was a development and then I went after my mom died I just went on acid to have fucking a year. God knows what was in those goddamn things. God fucking knows what's

going on here. On rock commercial. Oh, this is Oh my God. Look at that guy. Lower brow. Wow.

This is like a sketch. It's a truly great American beer. Why? Why does it have American name motherfucker. What are you embarrassed? Embarrassed to be from here? American beer low and brown. Fucking

drink low of brows.

Actually it isn't American beer right? That's like steep baby. Oh, Chick keep your fucking real name. That's as American as it gets. It's still around low and brown. I don't know. But if they said low and that was their name, and they started the beer company and it didn't change the name that's as American as it gets. So I'm wrong. I shut the fuck up.

Even looking it up. It's a genuine brewery.

Liars, liars, liars lying about American American made. Apparently they make a lot of American American plants make a lot of cars now that you think of Japanese cars. Like Toyota tundras. They make them in Texas,

to make a bunch of in Ohio to Yeah, Honda's Nissan's. That's weird, right?

Like, if you think you buy a Honda, you think you're definitely buying a Japanese car. If you think you're buying some American cars, it might be a Mexican car. How crazy is that? Like what companies making their cars down in Mexico?

I think they I think they closed a couple plants. I think Toyota was down and somebody else for a while.

But here's the thing if they put him down in Mexico, but they gave American money, like the levels of American money that's in Mexico, they would stop doing it a lot, actually. Wow, look at all these different ones. Chrysler has three plans for to three plans. GM has four plans. Mazda has one. They do it down there because it's cheaper, which I guess they have to do what they gotta do. And I'm sure it helps the community because I know it does. I know people that have had manufacturing down in these countries, and they do it for the cheap. But it does help the people like there's some places that don't have much, but what's arguable is like, why is living like a Western person so important. When these people have been living in their own way, for 1000s of years. It just they just didn't have like all the crazy infrastructure and all the shit that we had, they didn't have the crazy cities and you know, other than a few cities in Mexico, like Mexico City. So they would go and put these plants and like, why is it doing? I mean, I'm all for people being able to work. But is that better? Is it better than the way they were living before when they were living like indigenous people are living like villagers are live in like tradespeople or whatever they did get by? I don't know. Maybe it is better. Maybe it's let's

go back to the whole situation here. I still remember because I'm a little older than us to remember where it was kind of starting to get taboo. If you bought a foreign car. Yeah. Like I am that old way. I remember that. That I still remember the mid 70s. I still remember when Toyota advertised on Nissan advertised the car for 1995. And I would go away saying I got $40 in the bank. I could buy one of those. It was $1,900 Stupid, like a Corolla something. Yeah. And I still remember there was a time in this country. When if you bought a car with you on the first person on this blog, if you showed up with a foreign car, you got a little bit of grief. You got a little bit of grief. And then it felt like they sold themselves. It felt like we dropped the ball at some point. As Americans, as you know, I don't know what happened in Detroit, and all that stuff. I know that Where's the highest populations Puerto Rico in this country? I don't know. You think it's the Bronx, right? But it's not. It's a suburb outside of Cleveland. Why? Because in the 50s, they took a bunch of Puerto Ricans and put them into the suburb, to work at the car plants. All the car plants shut down there. We ended up going other places and whatever, and blah, blah, blah, and blah, blah, blah. And then the foreign cars started kicking our fucking ass. Why? Again? I don't know, was it the workmanship? Was it the quality? All I know, is if if I got a fucking Toyota, I could drive it for 80,000 miles without stopping to get gas, you know, right? You as a consumer, as an American, you want to buy American products and you want to buy American made products. You know, so there's a couple places now, like, besides Mexico, there's class where we we have places now like in Indiana, we have like Toyota has a couple of places. And they should bring it back. I mean, fuck it, let some you know. So we trade. We get some a Toyota stuff, which is what kind of car they they Japanese, the Chinese, the Japanese, Japanese. Yeah. And let some of why should get made over there. It's part of is it NAFTA?

That's North American North American Free Trade Agreement. So that's, that's just I think, I think I'm just talking about my answer. But I think that's just US, Mexico and Canada. So when

we build a car in Mexico, it's a lot cheaper to develop that club, because of the rate.

Yeah, there is a PayPal blast, it's cheaper to get land, these people don't have anything else going on down there or not as much going on down there, obviously, as they do in America in some like heavily populated cities. And so they can offer people much less money. And they do. There's a lot of plants that do that. That's funny. But here's the thing like this, the real question is, do you think that this is just going to elevate these people, and they're eventually going to catch up with the Western world and live the way that we're living right now in the United States? Like there's ultimately a possibility of that? Or are we saying, Well, we're always going to have these people that we treat less good, and we're just always going to keep them in that position? They're never going to get any better. I mean, what which one is it it's either one of those two things or, I mean, it could possibly be that people just want shit. cheaper, so bad, they don't care. They don't care. They don't care if a guy's making $1 a week, or whatever the fuck they make, how much do they make? If you had to guess? If you guess how much does someone in a an automobile plant in Mexico make as opposed to an American worker? I'm sure someone must have done some sort of a study. It's weird, man. Because if they were doing the exact same thing on this patch of dirt, we would go what you can't pay that little. Then you say, oh, but down there, everything's cheaper. And giving these people an opportunity. Like, why is it better? Here's the question. Why is it better than the way they've always been living? In Mexico? $2 per hour workers make $40,000 SUVs $2 an hour. Jesus Christ, to imagine a person working all day and you hand them $16 You, sir, are a piece of shit. Could you imagine? Guy busts his ass on an assembly line all day you give him $16? Fuck you.

That's crazy. Start at $1.10 an hour.

Oh my god. $1 an hour,

you make more than President? That is ridiculous. And that's

Mexican money. That's American money. $1 a day to Laos. And

maybe it's like the translated

Joe Rogan, fuck,

that's insane. But it's just the idea is that if you're always going to be able to you got to always be able to make more money, like these people have this idea. And a lot of these corporations have unlimited growth. They just want to constantly be growing, growing, growing. It's some people think it's a very dangerous idea. Because if your your bottom line for your company is to always outdo every quarter. At a certain time, people start getting desperate and they start cutting environmental corners or cutting research corners or doing whatever the fuck they have to do to keep their bottom line down and keep their profits coming in. And that's what you could say about like these prescription drug companies, people want to think that these companies are evil, their companies their job is to make money okay, and they're caught up in a storm where they're allowed to make legal money and this legal money is fucking substantial. It's a giant amount of money. These pharmaceutical companies are making an opiate so people are dying left and right Joey left and right. This is one of the craziest unspoken eMod epidemics the human race has seen Joe Rogan

how long I've known him forever you the truth on everything. I still talk to my drug dealers that were good to me and when I needed them. And from month to month, I still talk to the Armenian start talking to Dan sleazy in fact, Don sleazy just did a big movie got a couple of lines a big movie. That's awesome. They do what they do. I do what I do. have a family. I got a call from the Armenian. I saw him at Ross.

Beatty did do you see do about the Armenian? My favorite bit

saw the Armenian Rouse, he gave me a hug and saw with his kids and kids are you right now? You don't know how many times I met him with his kids. And he would put an eight ball in my head. You know? I've been in that position now. I had groceries and I hugged them. And he goes, Do you mind if I call you later? You know, and I go, Sure, call me whatever you want. And he goes, Do you? Where do you live? And I told me, he goes, I live here. Can I meet you? I want to ask you a question. I didn't know. I thought he was gonna ask me if I still did blow I didn't know. You know, I'm good. I'm good. And when I met to meet him what he wants to know was, he goes, you're a comedian. And I just wanted to ask if you know anybody who could get bills. And I go, I got Xanax at the house. You're free to take him? He goes, No, no, no. I'm stuck in pain, oxy. Whatever. Again, I shook his hand. I gave him a hug Joe Rogan? I don't know nobody. Right. Right. But yeah, a week late. I told him my desk. Because I do know a guy kind of sought a white dude in the Hollywood, right. And I called him Mike, I'll the week later the Armenian called me. And he goes, Well, you know, I'm sorry. Hold on. And I went, I looked when I called his white dude. And he called me back and he said, Give me a couple of days, you know, and he called me back. And what he told me was mind boggling. What the prices are just getting of what you pay for pharmaceutical. He hit me back. And he told me three numbers on the phone with three different names of what this guy had. And I'm not a drug dealer. I call the meeting and I just said, listen, here's what he told me. This is what he wants. And the guy goes, Oh, hey, they don't tell him in a week. I got 1000 I could not believe the amount of money for these pills. Rarely, you know, I've never was a big pill head but oh my god. The black market for pills. is fucking ginormous. And I knew this kid in Hollywood would come through. I know him 15 years. He's a big jujitsu guy.

They opened up the door and they can't close it. It is

mind boggling when you pay for pills. Well,

you know what happened? Right? You know when it all started? Well, this is what happened. First of all, they're obviously very addictive. Second of all, something happened in Florida, where they allowed people to get prescription pain clinics everywhere. It was basically what off track betting is for gambling. That was heroin sales. So you would just show me everybody's got an ache. You know, sometimes my fucking neck bothers me. After a couple of podcasts. I need to get a little oxy. My back just I can't sleep. Hey, go have some oxy. They would have a pharmacy attached to a doctor's office town of 3200 was flooded with nearly 21 million pain pills. As addiction crisis worsened. Lawmakers say whoa, a town of 3200 people was flooded with 21 million pain pills town in West Virginia and Jesus Christ. People in in those towns like from the Wild and Wonderful West of West Virginia. What does that the whites of West Virginia remember that? Well, wonderful and what kind of wild and wonderful whites versus Virginia? oxys Xanax, Nick whatever the little

ones. I got the little ones for anxiety. You know, you take an anxiety I get them lately before I get like if I haven't gotten on the road for a while. I'm really that Thursday morning. Oh my god Joe Rogan as I'm getting ready. I keep thinking like I'm fucking not packing right right. I forgot something. I forgot the holes and sleep apnea. And I've been buying half of it and you know what, I even fall asleep. I got on the plane I fall asleep but on the road. People give me weird creepy things. areas. So now I just go into web dev D and you look for pill indicator and if it's something good I'll save it and at least I got it if if I ever having an emergency if I'm lonely when I did some of these little pills on Wow when dog when they told me that like I knew when I was a kid I would go to Central to Washington Square Park and I could get 810 milligram valium with the V in the middle. That's the real deal when you're going to fun and they got a V in the middle cut out all

the shit

mag daddy's I could get eight of those for $10 and there were 10 milligrams.

Here's the question. Do you think if it was legal More or less people to use it are the same.

Why you What is this trick point? Thursday I'm curious what you gambling drugs. Pills. You give people the green light dog we're fucking we're crap creatures a habit. We're all gonna fucking guy some of us are going to control it. Listen, there's some people that get knee surgery and neck surgery like yourself and you've thrown away the Viking and there's other people that take that prescription and two years later this shoe now Yeah,

I don't understand it. Thank you everybody different.

I think I have different holes in our genes bro.

Well there's some people that like pain I'm not one of them. But there's some people that genuinely like it they get pleasure out of it. What

kind of pain Do you like?

I mean, what kind of pain I don't think this is what I'm saying.

This is the question. I think they think there are syndromes where and it's probably fairly common turns is not just one person's like several people that can point out that experience actual like pleasure like a serotonin burst from certain amounts of pain. They don't I don't think they feel it is the way we feel it and so they're always trying to do things for themselves and they say to some of the people that get away a lot of piercings have that some people that get a lot of tattoos have that they start to feel they want to feel it more they want to burn it into themselves. It's an I don't I'm not obviously not a psychologist but it's apparently pretty common theory.

Another thing I want to talk to you about I watch the podcast can leave app saying that it's like God was the podcast where you we're talking about because I want to do to really tell you the truth. The podcasts are you talking about that maybe some of Jones John Jones actions were caused by head

injuries that easily been

attained

not not caused by not caused by could easily be a fact.

I gotta tell you some Joe Rogan. Again, let's go back to abuse from gambling or pills. The mind with cocaine is a very tricky, man. Oh, yeah. And it takes a year off. I'm just telling you this from experience, because I learned a lot about nootropics from you. I don't really know much about it. But Romanovsky sent me two of his jugs. It's the shakes that neuro what? Orange juice?

Shit that got me into nootropics

when I got off cocaine that came in the mail, and I really drank and I didn't tell nobody my secret. Because I knew especially for a guy like me. You know, John Jones is 26 years old. He's a phenomenal fighter. I didn't think it really had anything to do with anything. I think it was that when you're on cocaine in that year afterward. Cocaine thanks to pleasure patterns out of your mind of your brain. serotonin and melatonin. I don't know. Don't correct me on this. But I feel that it took me a year to 18 months for me to become a human again. And I have gotten hit in the head. Not since I was about 13. I got beat up by the guy. I tried the mug and I hit the head with a flashlight. It really took me 18 months to embrace humanity. And yeah, I want you to remember that. I want you to think of that morning. What happened in Santa Fe with when he ran the light? He ran away from that? What What was he Jamie? Do you think he just woke up and was going to church now he was after the night before?

Yeah. Well been out for the night. There's

no pleasure, you know, you take it takes your mind a long time. You know, what's the thing when I get off the juice? I got to do something for my boss to grow again.

You'd have to take something called Clomiphene okay, what what there's a couple of different ones apparently. It's an estrogen blocker, it blocks your estrogen that's actually one of the things that John tested pause Okay,

so how long would it take for me to get my balls back again?

It takes a little while it's about half the amount of time that you were doing it if you were if you that's why you're only supposed to go on like a short cycle unless you're crazy bodybuilder guy those guys just stay on all the time

then with the cocaine bro I thought about your statement I went home and started writing and thinking I got off November 2007 It took me a year and I have just become a human being to realize I was fat I was 400 pounds I needed to go to Weight Watchers to meet team was to realize I had to marry my wife took me a long time for my brain to think normal like anybody else. So I want you to take that into consideration.

I damn I definitely do. I know this and I agreed to

it a long time. You know when you do blow and you go on stage that if I do blow three nights a week and I go on stage, I have no control Joe Rogan. I'm looking at in the face. You see me on stage. I have no control. I have no connection from my brain to what's coming out of my mouth. Yeah, I can't now you go and do you have Are you speaking Tourette's now? It was empty words. There was no passion behind that. That's why it wasn't funny. You know,

you said to me, you said it blocks love. It blocks the love. Yeah, that's

it the love in between my cocaine and my words is gone

but that's what stimulants do stimulants ramp up the aggression and the impulsiveness and they they ramp up your fearlessness, they ramp up your courage, you get disproportionate, they ramp up your ego. Like some stimulants on some people, some people obviously looked at people that can handle booze and people who can't handle even a little booze. And I think that's the same with stimulants. I think that's the same with pretty much everything. Almost every life experience. In fact, I think there's some people that can handle things and some people they can't and some people that can't at first and they eventually learn to someone sent me some about Rodney Dangerfield It was fucking great man all from New York time the relentless thing Yeah, well, great, John. John Dudley sent it to me. Fucking A It was amazing. Yeah, I read that. It's amazing. It's amazing. Oh, no tape. Fletcher tape. Fletcher

sanitized? Great.

It was taped. Shout out to Jay Fletcher.

Where his tape jam letter

of recommendation Rodney Dangerfield, it is an amazing piece who wrote this? What is the name of the gentleman? Alex Halbert? Stat. Alex, you made a masterpiece. That's a fucking hell of an article about one of the greatest of all time when it comes to stand up comedy and he just talks about the evolution of Rodney Dangerfield. And how like it wasn't until he was like in his 50s and he really fucking got it together like and became the great stand up that we know a mass and his process for boiling down his material. Joey it's a fucking amazing article. Go

I read it two times. Look, I get to do the special. Yes,

we're gonna do a special I'm going to direct your comedy special. We're just going to figure out when to do it. Where to do it June at the ice. The ice house is the place, I think. Yeah, let's do six shows. Let's do six. Let's do this. Do I want to do two Thursday to Friday to Saturday? Boom. I want to get those crazy week night savages is a different kind of animal that goes out on Thursday night one,

where they're a little more ramped up, go for one hour. 15 minutes. You're gonna

you're gonna go crazy is what we're gonna do. I just wanted we're gonna capture the real Joey Diaz experience and we're gonna put together a special June ice house. We'll give everybody the details. But this is the first special that I've ever even attempted to do something with other than my own. So thank you

very much for the opportunity. You would be the guy that I would deal with fucking crazy. Yeah, I think

I think the name of it is immigrant mentality.

Immigrant mentality is perfect. That's perfect.

Respect to Steve. Vai. Me. Oh, that's

perfect. Name and mentality is the perfect name

of the app. Okay, beautiful. I'm

already in process. Right. I'm ready to go.

I think the Ice House is the place. We've been there a million times. It's home. It's a totally Oh my god. It's home. Yeah, it's a great place to film and when that place gets rockin Holy shit, it's

going to Colorado design. I'm going to Colorado. I'm flying there early. I'm interviewing Antonio le de zo. I'm gonna go show people where I kidnapped Bella. show people the halfway house. I'm gonna walk around boulder. I'm gonna tape all that. I'm gonna have that up this fucking spring. I got some shit. I'm planning to do like a little mixtape. type of Stand Up drop.

You gotta let these motherfuckers

I'm ready to shoot this special then on had a great time in Charlotte. Man. You were in Durham? Yeah, you and I were discussing the comedy scene in North Carolina. Amazing. I was just I just want to thank you people. And the week before that. I was in Austin. And that place is like this last time I got emotional. In Austin. Like, I don't know how many times I drove from Houston, to Austin to do the open mic on Wednesday, Joe Rogan. And that little stage. I could tell you looking at your face five times. And now was headlining and sound the place. I just didn't walk in that dog. I did the open mic for Margie. And she would tell me you're too dirty for me. You know, saying? Yeah, I'll be in the Austin is fucking. It's really weird to see the growth of cities. But not only that, to see the growth of comedy in the cities. Yeah, Portland, Oregon. Like that's what happened. That's how Fidel took over Cuba. Just little growth in different areas.

And internet. The internet has made people more aware of commerce. 15

years ago, we would go to Houston and be excited. We would go to New York and maybe like three other places. Everything else was just a regular town. Yeah. Every town is excited about Joe Rogan. Bert kreischer, fucking girl. The garage. What's your Chinese girl? Amy one, Ali.

Ali one. Yeah, there's a lot of grace. I'm

excited. about people coming into town. You know it's a we've seen this growth. Like it's been an amazing like see I got into comedy on the tail end like when I got into comedy. People were telling me it's over kid because five years before that MCs we're getting 1500 Plus air and features are getting 2500 Plus ad. And headliners are getting five grand plus, and all sudden when I got it, I still remember the first notes he gave us was before you guys get into comedy. I want to tell you what happened to the bubble. It busted. And he broke down what comics are getting paid. I didn't give a fuck. He was just trying to discourage us. Yeah, he's wrong. He's wrong. You know

what the bubble is? Not writing jokes. Yeah, that was the bubble. It's a bubble. That was the bubble. That was the bubble in Boston. I'm I'm almost positive.

I don't know what people blame it on the excess of comedy on television at the time. I don't

believe that because the great ones are still there. I think what happened was there was a lot of guys that were really really really really fucking funny because they had taken their act and polished that motherfucker like a diamond. And they brought it to you. And it was just perfect. It was a perfect act. But it didn't change. It was a perfect piece of work. But they didn't write more some guys did. But not enough guys did. And so people would keep coming back to the shows they'd be able to say the jokes word for word year after year. Like they'd go to see some guys and we do the same act year after year. And they never left Boston. And it's a very unfortunate thing because like when it comes to like proficiency level, there's guys like Steve Sweeney that used to kill in a way that you like, Oh my God,

what's the guy used to drink the white Russians in a container?

Don motherfucking Gavin,

Gavin's one of the four guys

in Boston when I started that. You heard about your boy to Lenny Clark packing some heat letting

me when he was killing it.

And what's the guy that had the shows? He was funny in 91, bro, Anthony Clark. Yeah. And I thought was very funny. And their client was fucking throwing He's a murderer. They murder he used

to fill the Fanueil Hall club with all screaming chicks. I never saw anything like it because he was cute. You know? And he would he'd be silly on stage curls loved him. I mean, to the point where that place would be overrun with girls who would be like at 20 girls in this Fanueil Hall common connection we'd be like, What the fuck? Like what are their comic brings in girls like this that love him. And then he's another one, they'd see the same bits over and over and over again. They didn't care they they would find with it. It's weird. It was a weird time. What fucked everybody up was people would go to see someone special like Kennison did a special and then he tried to do the material from the special on a show and the people already knew the material and they were like yelling out bits and fucking up bits. And so I think comics then started realizing once you do like a real special and put it on HBO or something like that. It makes you famous. You got to throw that shit away and write a completely new

set. That's why it's so tough now tard because you're trying to develop your hour on the road. Then you put your while on the road. And you go off and follow week to promote that hour and you got the same half you got a half hour that hour. Yeah, unless you're fucking Harry Houdini. Well, I've prepared for that already. What I went through after last time was a big fucking lesson.

Everybody has that lesson that's going through that right now. So Tom just plays out. That's it.

Yeah. And those weeks when you putting that out? Just stay home? Yeah, just stay home don't embarrass your don't try to do some stay home and get 15 minute bits of the show. And once you get six of those 15 minute bits, then you go out and put 45 together you start from scratch and then what you still got 3035 minutes once you shot the bet yeah, once you shot that 15 minutes you stood up there if I meant to work on it again there's no shame fucking your boys and Adam we stays home for a fucking year to work on our and then goes out Russell Russell Peters. Yeah, he stays home for a long time.

She does he still does some gigs on the road BMCs and just talks to the crowd Fox

bro shout out to our little pep pot and a Friday night zone that the staples only the second comic that do it. Who sold out

staples Gabriel?

Did he really? Jesus Christ. That's like 20,000 people Friday till they get game that's a Laker game. Gabriel Iglesias sold out a Laker game Friday night

at the Staples Center. Okay, him and Kevin Hart are the only ones to do

an animal. Fuck the

murder and here's why he's funny. Anybody can go see him. You can take your kids to see him your mom to see him. He's a nice guy. Everybody loves him. You're getting what you want to see you get in a funny comedian having a good time. So it's how many 1000s I want to say that's at least like 18,000 people. I think that might be 20 it might be 20,000 places.

Here's the beautiful thing. I just remember him paying me 35 hours on a Wednesday night to go do the Bicycle Club and he would host

Wow, how many people 21,002 Jesus Christ. Oh

my oh my god so many people might have heard

21,000 People powerful Gabriel Iglesias holy shit that's nuts

guy this fucking yeah, there's a height of comedy Yeah,

he's right at the top right now him and Kevin Hart and in terms of like being able to do that, especially being able to do that in LA he's a hero in LA he's done more shows consecutively the ice house is sold out like fucking 10 years ago he was doing that. He would do like Monday shows Tuesday shows two shows Wednesday two shows David just fucking crank them out man

who has taken people out to breakfast. After he shows. Yeah, on Christmas Eve. He still got he still does two shows on Christmas Eve.

That's amazing. He could do shows at three in the afternoon. He would do shows the Ice House like whenever he wanted and then we hit three in the afternoon. Fuckit pack. Let's go. People want to see have a couple of drinks, watch some funny comedy, why not take

just just the amount of people that are going out to comedy. I'm just honored to be a part of

this. He too. And you know, Joe, you and I have known each other for a long time now and so we've seen like a couple of ways.

Oh my god. No, no. Nothing like this fuck were you at the Wiltern sold out New Year's. And sherpao. And John

Mayer at the fucking forum. They were sold out to

he was sold out but he did a warm up the night before somewhere else like yeah, let's just try it out just to see if right. And that sold out to like people are out and about Jack. Yeah, people are out about.

Well, we're we're very, very lucky to have Dave out there right now. Like, like, doing a lot of comedy. Like he's top of the food chain. And he's doing a lot of comedy did two specials last year and two specials this year. And they're fucking good, man. That one he did from DC. That is a really good special. That's a whole I enjoyed the shit.

I enjoyed the smelly room too. But yeah, I love how I haven't seen that. How about

every agent told you the belly room wouldn't work. It's not gonna work. You dumb fuck their Silicon Valley room when you get into a groove in the belly room. Okay, let me break some down here at the Comedy Store. And again, you're gonna go we heard this guy's No, you haven't heard this? Because I just found this one out. Fucking three weeks ago, when you got sick that night. And you couldn't I covered for you. And the belly room, you had the flu. And they called me that went to the belly flu. And though I had to the belly room, and I have this certain allergy going in the belly room, and they just wasn't doing it. The belly room. Does it vary. The belly room doesn't require the efficiency that the original room requires. How so?

So you'd be want to slow it down a little bit in the belly room. So you're saying, Okay,

so I'm sparring with you. And we're not doing 50% We're doing 30. Now, right? In the belly room. If we do 50 It's a little too aggressive. You too, right there. The energy is right there. I learned this after 25 years of doing spots that remember the belly room was where I learned to storytel. Before that I was rushing to the punch line. And not getting in a joke out. The belly room was where I learned to sit back a little bit and explain what the fuck you and as you're trying to tell us. Why you just kept telling me what do you do? There's no segue here. There's nothing Joey right? You're just eating some girls asshole. It's great. We don't want to hear that. We want to hear how you got that. I learned that 99 in the belly room fucking around. And I went back up there a couple of weeks ago for me. The main room I gotta come out like fuck. In the main room. I gotta come out like Mike Tyson. When he beat up. What did he beat up in Atlantic City? knock them out in the 57 seconds. He was one of the brothers with the mouthpiece.

Lee spankings Michael Spinks

it eat deck in the main room. Unless I come out Jackman crossing one, two, the different room. I gotta come out one two in the main room, right in the original room. The gauge is who you're following, huh? I gotta follow Chris Dullea with a I got who came out this year who came out again, Travis. With a flying sidekick. February servers. I got to come up with a flying side pick up the original room. Okay, so people break it down for you in the original room. You got to follow Joe Rogan crystally or Bill Burr like I had a couple of weeks ago. I gotta come out from the curtain. Okay, and so I'll fly psychic upward. This hasn't been done since Bruce Lee in the Chinese connection. There's no it's not only me and you would usually do a full I have psychic from an evil ground, right? No, I gotta go upward. Huh? That's the comedy and the fucking original rule. That's what you see me go bananas where you see me at my best, like crazy. Read the face about to have a heart attack, pitching your heart out on stage, you have to come out with a flying sight. That's a crazy move you but you go on a vertical or a tremendous up, you're on your back kick. And yet gotta get on my shoulders and kick up and try to get in the jaw. That's the original room, the belly room. I can rest on my right hook. I could rest on my one toe,

the belly room you can I could breathe

and just throw one Tuesday and keep you off me. The Breathe deep. my composure. And even though you hit me with some of those zoom guy, oh, slugs. I'm gonna, I'm gonna if I keep my hands up and stay away from your right, I'll be okay. That's the belly room. That's why the belly room I always thought would be a great place to shoot us. But you

know what's great about the belly rooms the same thing that's great about the White House, the Ice House annex the second room? Yes, that's a yeah, there's no room for an act. There's no room for an access to intimate. Like, you have to figure out where's the no fat aspect of the bid. And you got to be tuned into the bid field,

my 55th birthday up there. I put the ice house. What days that it's a Saturday, the 19th The 19th I can't get the Comedy Store. So I got the original room. I got the small room at the Ice House on the 17th and 19th. And then the 18th I got the original room. I got the belly room at the Comedy Store. And it's the night before George Washington's birthday. So I got people doing that one too. So I've turned 55 that week. Oh shit and working out with Uncle Joey. I only tried to 10 or 15 bucks. I do that once a month. And I go into stage two. And you just fuck around everything I write down on notebooks I don't really know about and we develop it together up there. And sometimes it's phenomenal. Nine out of 10 It really is phenomenal. It's a good idea. Well, I'm gonna tell you why. Because I'm at 30%. I purposely did that. Purposely, I wouldn't do that at the Comedy Store on the Saturday night. No, no, I purposely did that. It will take the edge off. Okay, I might even have a shot of alcohol. Oh, oh, just one three points. Yeah. Because I don't need much alcohol. So I'll do an edible and have a little shot alcohol at the Ice House and tape it and always get one or two great things Joe Rogan. I'm not gonna say I got an hour of greatness. But because you're so relaxed, and they know what they're getting. It's the right difference show. The Comedy Store Listen, how do you sharp a metal? With

metal? Comedy Store stones?

You do? We do? We do. Especially in June? May I gotta go to the Comedy Store three nights four nights a week. That's firing that's that's the gym and throw it loaded data data. Who's next? None another Dullea get up there. Take us do take downs for now. Take them down. I don't care how it was. That's what you do before you shoot the spread? Don't

you thinking you need all of it? Right? You need the sets? You need the writing you need to set

all that you need to writing you need to working out Yeah, your head in the right place. Absolutely.

You know what else I think you need you need friendship.

I think that helps. I think that would I think that when you set up somebody on the phone the other day, and you also know that you got to when I get there, you gotta leave some stuff to aggravate.

But I've thought about this many times. Like, who would I be without you guys? Like who would I be without you? Who would I be without Eddie? Who would I be without? redband? Who would it be without ra who would I be without Duncan I think Tom's Gerwig about the same thing. I'm who would I be these these people like Bert. They mean a lot to me. Like they're very important people. And then there's your family which is through the moon. That's that that kind of love is very weird that that kind of love is over whelming How? How much it changes who you are.

Yeah, the you were talking about the tower G KUNDO.

The Bruce Lee book,

and you were saying that, you know a lot of excerpts were stolen. And yeah, I don't even know okay, we're not even that's not the proper word that I use play drugs. I have a tie with Joey Diaz. And half of that tau, is what I learned from Joe Rogan. The other half of that time was what I learned from Aria and working with Duncan. None of us are very original. I just kick it up a bit. One thing I love about you is you didn't sell T shirts have to show. You don't need to do nothing. When I go into a town I focus on five shows. I don't want to do your podcast. I don't want to go see the Statue of Liberty. I really don't. Right. He's got a kick ass I'm there to go to get a good meal. After the first show, it's a small club, it's sold out. Let me not go out and take pictures. Let me focus on the important thing which then I'm 55 I gotta give you 150 Fucking percent. Right and those are the towel. You know, I'm up early. I do my radio. I'm up early to get out of there. Every once in a while on Saturday, you got to have a you got to have a drink with the audience, you know shot on stage or whatever.

You know what I've come to think of myself as one piece of

I'm a piece of three or four you guys if you want the truth are we I like Ari's relaxation on stage. Are we? It takes chances. Like we all look wow, three of us love to take chances. Yeah, that's why we do what we do. You're not gonna get the same our year after fucking year not even close.

We also have a similar style of mixing everything

up. Yeah, like I have. Everybody has their own towel, man. Yeah, you know, Bruce Lee just he just wanted to teach you had a combined. That's what we're doing right now. For sure. You think I'm Johnny original. I take a little bit of you mean anything I learned from Bert. I learned from Tom. I learned from Bill Burr. I learned from Dave Chappelle. And now this is your art again. This everybody the armbar is the same whether I go to you or John jugular show me the same Right, right. Yeah, it's how I do it. Yep.

Yep. It's the same point. It's a really good point. I think there's no way you could ever say any one person is not influenced because every single style of stand up comedy is in some way or another originated with like the Lenny Bruce is and you know, the Dick Gregory's and the you know, the guys who were doing it Wait Did the danger fields guys doing it way back in the day. And even Bob Hope all those guys, they started this thing. You got to think the world has had no stand up comedy. Up until like, what 100 Fucking 50 years ago or something. That's nothing. This shit just started. And y'all was one of the first guys to do it. Mark motherfucking Twain, Mark motherfucking Twain would do readings of his book and it was funny and people would laugh. He was in front of people rockin he was killing. He was telling stories and reading and people thought he was hilarious. give speeches. They found

somebody before Mark Twain, I'm sure but he was a really popular writer years

ago yet. There is living proof that that standards existed before as a form of this art form existed before. Yeah, in some civilization. I did read that a couple of years. I'm sure. Some. Yes. There was some Sure. And because and now I see myself on stage like when I take my SATs now. Oh, I hear. I hear a little Joe Rogan. I hear a little rugby. I hear a little Lenny Bruce. I love Lenny Bruce's. Yeah, man, Dave dig. That's I love that Levy. Bruce said shit that you didn't know. People said Fuck yeah. And it wasn't dirty. Not just a certain word. Like when I go on stage that, you know. You don't want to know my little kid in the place. Moluccas was murdered. What's he what's he's right, right. Right. My little kids just bad luck. But that's something Larry Clark would say the fuck were you? He put them a look on me. You will all we're not plagiarizing or doing anything like that.

No, we're influenced. We're influenced.

Also wrong with one thing

that's important is we're all real fans of comedy. I know. You're still a fan. You still enjoy watching comedy. We'll have it.

Go to the fourth wall LACERA rogue. The fourth wall was with Mickey told rocky to do. Dog I got it. You don't mean? Mickey told rocky do what? Because not? Because he wanted he somebody took Oh, no. I'm sorry. Apollo took rock. dirty gym. So look at that. Look at these mother fatigue you back? No, no, no, no, no. He took them to his own black gym. And he goes, I wanted you to look at these guys. So you can look at their eyes. And he goes remember when your eyes used to be like that, right? Oh, that's right. He goes remember when your eyes used to be like that rock. So lately, I've been going before I go out and then I go to the fourth wall in North Hollywood. And I pay five hours to do five minutes. And the rule is you have to sit down you know, most open mics should do your states time when you leave. Right? You have to sit down and watch others. Why don't I tell you something the last six weeks I've learned more from watching these open mic errs than anything because I also realized that where I was when I was one of these guys. I wanted what I had right now. I wanted to be a headline. I wanted to not be a rich guy but I wanted to just be funny. I wanted to be accepted as a comedian. And ever since I've been going into fourth Whoa, I got about three or four nights a week. I pay five hours to do five minutes. I'm no better than anybody else. But the main thing is he asked me when I want to go up. And I always tell him towards the end. Because I want to watch these kids. Enjoy every time I leave that Briley laughing and I fucking learn something, really. And I'm back, no alcohol in there, Joe Rogan just fucking eight people watching you do five minutes. I want you to think about when you would do in five minutes. And what was going through your head, I'm just telling you and my heart's beating. Because I still remember bombing and leaving. They're thinking, now I'm gonna have to get all the way to job or now you're gonna have to get a cook job. These guys all have day jobs. They all talk about their shitty jobs. But every time I go to the Fourth Ward, bro, I fucking learn something. I go there. Some nights I go to flappers. I go there some nights I go to the store. I go there some nights I go to the ha ha. I do it that way. But I always go there. And every time I go there, I always go there with like five minutes planned, bro. It doesn't even hit the stage. Because from watching those guys, I learned something. I remember something. And I just come up with this crazy story. So I look at it as like a like doing

kettlebells Yeah,

that's a good way to look at it.

I really do. I look at these young guys and I remember that pain and that confusion that I had that fucking feeling you had when you were an open mic er and your friends are telling you you were funny. But you still had to drive the limo keep the paper job route or still drop off papers or whatever the fuck job you said you had. You told me the story about meeting at Atlantic's and all that you're still in that crossroads of comedy, where you don't know what to do but you know, in your fucking heart that you just can't wait to be a headliner. If somebody would just give you a chance.

Back then I wasn't even thinking I could ever be a headliner. I was really just hoping I could make a living. I never thought I'd wind up being

what do you mean living? You mean food? One bedroom? Yeah, cable TV.

There was a guy that had a fucking loft. He was the king. guy had a loft. They had taken a schoolhouse and turned it into condominiums. This guy I never I'll never forget. I looked up to him. I couldn't believe where he was living DJ hazard. That's his name. Hilarious. Comedian. Oh my god. Yeah. Well, DJ has always been a real nice guy. And excellent. Very funny. Very funny guy always has been but I remember he had a like a loft apartment. I remember everybody talked about it. It's like what it's got brick walls inside. He was like, he was the king. He was living like an adult. But he was. He was a stand up comedian. Like everybody else we had thought about like, you know, you live and like you're barely getting by stuff and a bunch of guys into a house. You know, there was a lot of like comedy flop houses or comedians would wind up moving in together or you're living in some shitty apartment that you could barely afford? Or you live with your girlfriend or something? So it's it's weird when you go back and think about it? No. Like he could have quit at any time. Think about it. Think about your early days when it's terrible and just bombed all the time. Like it was

John Leguizamo. Really? Yeah, I watched him do his set one night at the yell triple and in front of eight or nine people. And he in his mind, he was at the garden. Wow. It's like, I get it now, bro. Is you me too.

I left at home. You know who one of the most proud moments as a young comedian when I was at the Comedy Store. And I did a set in front of you know, like literally like maybe five or six people. But I did it as hard as I would do it in a regular room. And I heard in the back Paul Mooney going, ah, ah lat laughing and support. You know how Paul Mooney would laugh and support and you would go Oh, shit, I just got the green light from Paul fucking Mooney. I Paul Mooney was laughing at my shit. And he came up to me after the show. And he goes, he goes, You're a real comic. He's like you did that show in front of all those people? And he goes, you knew that there was five fucking people in that room? You did that show like it was packed? Because that's a real comic. Because you made me laugh. That's what you want to become when a guy like Paul Mooney says that to you. When you're just coming up. You're like, holy shit. Like I might be able to figure this out. I might be able to do this. It's big, right? Someone coming?

You know, it's crazy when you do a spot at the store. You know, you're in the big leagues, bro. Like no matter where I do a spot when I travel. That's one day. When I'm at the store on a Thursday night, Tuesday night. You know you're in some fucking good company. You're doing something right? Yes. Or you did something right. Yeah, it's I love when comics are in the room. I love laughing at comics. I love going into the stall early and catch in two or three great comics and laugh and that makes my fucking night. Whether it's you or even Bobby Lee is so fucking out of his mind on stage. You know, lately we began to run whites in the fucking Bill. Bill Burr.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, Ron Wyden bill burr last

week Ali Wong there was a lineup out there all the time. There was a lineup

last week that was just ridiculous insane two weeks ago. That night I saw you down and I was just ridiculous places on fire. I was on the way down. I have anxiety. You know, I puked on the car one time on the way down definitely anxiety going down and following while I'm having the surgery at

March 5 for your ear. Yeah. And what do they have to do? Exactly?

put a tube in there. Wow. To drain the fluid. What's what fluids in your ear? Whenever it's getting to the point where Listen, bro for the last six months I've been living with plugs when I go to the shower. Now I got away of bugs when I go to jujitsu. Why what's going on with your ears because the fluid goes in. I don't know dog. I stuck a beat in my head. When I was six. I was playing that game please. I spill the beans.

And then you stuck one year and fucked it up.

They couldn't get it out. I just left it that rotted over it when my mother put hot oil in there. They took care so they wrecked my ear. So today I get a

doctor didn't take it out. Yeah, I went up to

the Jewish Hospital on 68th and Broadway.

How that's hurting my ear just thinking about it. So

50 years later, because of my driving or whatever. Now I get carsick. So I have to even wear earplugs when I walk on walks in the top. I gotta wear earplugs because if not, the sweat goes in my ear.

You know what I used to get terrible fucking car sickness from trying to read a book in a car.

Oh yeah, you cannot do anything like that.

Because after a while you just like oh,

especially we're reading glasses at this really poor reading glasses on and try to read it to where the jack come around that turn where the four or five hits the 101 Let's see what happens to your fucking stomach.

It's a weird thing, huh? Motion sickness. Some people get it all the time.

I get it all the time. Not on planes not I get it if I get high and get on a boat. Caught on the Jersey Shore get on the boat. I'm done. I gotta take the pills. Oh,

that tree those pills. Dramamine is brutal. That stuff is rather bcsa got to be that tired. I'd rather be sick. I'll throw up. I don't give a fuck. That. Sucks. But at least I don't feel like I'm drugged out like I fell asleep in a diner. Me and my friend Jimmy Attilio. We went a blue fish fishing among those party boats. On the way home. We stopped at a diner to get some meat. I literally fell asleep. Head down on the table. I literally was like drugged out. Well, you are the drama me? Yeah, I was on drama man. And I was only like 150 pounds back then. 154 pounds. That was like, what what I was weighing when I was competing. And I never did anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't drink. I didn't smoke pot and didn't. I didn't do shit. So when that dropped me in my system, my system was like, check, please. It just shut down. I couldn't hear I had no tolerance at all. I felt completely asleep at a diner. But I tried to take with my friend Jimmy took he's way bigger than me. I think I just overdosed

when, when Harvey Weinstein gets out of rehab, and he wants to come on the podcast, would you let him on?

I'd let him on if you're coming on to. Why? Because we're gonna have some fun with them. Oh, yeah, it's hotbox him.

We want that we want to fuck him real footage. He's got some. You

can you can have them anywhere. You know that guy especially in the middle. We're joking around folks, especially in the middle of a trial because he's in the middle of like a ton of trial. Oh, well, he

comes back he's gonna get charged

for sure something's gonna happen. There's so many different trials in terms of like civil lawsuits and stuff. There's a lot of women saying he did horrible things. It's in undoubtably there's no way he's gonna skate talk what's gonna happen something civic trial criminal trial some

days from the have civil trials? Absolutely. We're changing

as a species. That's what's happening and in the way it's like, we're making it up as we go along. There's a lot of rocky things are happening a lot of chaos and, but there's awareness of like what you should and shouldn't do to human beings in terms of like, forcing yourself on people and, you know, fucking them when they say no, it's like, right. And the idea that we're still doing that in 2018 and people are doing that at a really high level. It's like, oh, boy,

I have creepy thanks. I'm outta this fucking town course right off the bat. Soon as I got here, I heard the creepiest fucking things. Boy, you got Insulite the movies like I already read creepy things and I saw creepy behavior. And listen man, you never want to call a fucking spade a spade because you get in trouble. But you look at Kevin what's his name spark was?

Which guy Kevin Spacey? Kevin Spacey. You

can tell he sucks deck punch. You want to know he would suck a dick part time. If you looked at Kevin Spacey? If you look at that fucking dude, Lee Harvey Weinstein, you can't tell that that dude would make you suck his dick. Before think about that. And all these people took pictures with him. What happened to the fucking agents that actually sent you on that mission? To Lee Harvey's fucking hotel room? I want to know what the fuck they are. They didn't know that Lee Harvey was going to come out with a massage and ask you to suck his fucking deck or watch them naked. But we knew for a long fucking time. Everybody knew when there's a fucking gap. When you have a dream, and you have power, a lot of things can happen. I mean, I'm no fucking Liberace. But I got my picks up at the Comedy Store. Just because of being a comedian. And somebody thought that you were like, had supernatural powers? It's fucking crazy. And if you don't know about fucking Hollywood Listen, man. They've been fucking people to the dead for years. Look at this fucking Marilyn Monroe. That bitch and you know and who else was a dirty motherfucker that fucking Liberace? Yeah, that guy was making you sign contracts making you fucking have plastic surgery making

you look like him?

Are you fucking kidding me? There's been some creepy fucking shit in this town that got away with the fuck and zillions he is. And now I tell you what, man. I'm more for the movement. I'm all for it. I have a daughter. You have daughters. I have sisters. I got friends. A day when fucking bothers me the most I pay the only thing that bothers me out of this. You know what, bro? Who was in pappy on with Steve McQueen?

I don't remember. Dustin

Hoffman was in if he fingerbang in 73 Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. People changed. I'm not the same guy who kidnapped Kenny bell in 1987. I'm not sorry, Joe. I'm not. So how you gonna come back at me about something? I did? 1987 I was a different guy. I was doing blow. I asked you to fingerbang it. You can't do that, that I don't want to do. Don't let somebody's fucking career because he stuck a finger in your ass and 92 and now it came back to you to the scale of amnesia. You can't do that to me. You want to call me out personally? Call me the fuck out. Call me at home and go hey, man, and 94 one that you asked me if you can eat my asshole. You were wrong. Listen, I was doing an eight ball a day. What do you want from me? All right, right. I resolve that issue that I understand. But don't call me out on something like that. 1972 people fucking change bro. That's what pissed me off. It's a giant

this giant gaps we're talking about like, pivot it was 1985

and don't fucking call me out. If you call me out. Call me out with a friend.

Where were you talking about? Look at what level though if it gets to rape

a dog from that's not even allowed. That word never entered my mind. Right? I'm talking about if I was kicked out of the bar when I know what I'm doing. I told you the attendees would bang right and I want to put coke rock in your asshole right? You can't come at me for some in 1988 Because I used to do it every other night. That was my opening line. Listen, yes, I was on fire. What's it gonna take for me to stick my tongue in that fucking thing and make that thing jiggle? You know you're not gonna listen. You're not gonna get a piece as by selling somebody real estate. You got to sell them dick. Well,

the ones that it works on this the ones you want. Like if you can go up to a gal and say that to her?

Yeah, when I was like, Oh,

if I knew you were a girl. And I knew you did coke. And you had that certain look in your eye. What's the coke look? The Coke look that is when you do cocaine you do dirty fucking things. So when you look at a girl that's doing cocaine and she's like I see suggest to you that she's going back to your hotel with you. It's on nobody goes back to the hotel with you and they have a boyfriend if you're doing coke because percentages keep getting

go higher and higher. Well coke apparently makes people promiscuous right

makes people go fucking bananas. Oh, suck good deck. So you take somebody's wife up to your hotel room, and it's 6am and she's doing coke with you. You'll notice that one of the time she comes out of the bathroom, the button will be opened. Then the next time she comes out, she'll come out to tell your story and her pants will come out and she'll button in front of you. Little things start to happen give you signs It's pretty soon you're like listen enough and then take off your pants I'm gonna see you play which was doo doo doo doo doo that's what the what gets me right now is the the 20 year call out the 30 year call on man gonna ruin Dustin Hopkins Korea he was given a foot rubs he was asking him ask him acting creepy, but you know what bro? Part of that shit we allow that creepiness in society and we turn our fucking heads. You follow them? I'm sure you that the type of ever turn your head no, I'm not the type to turn my head but I noticed that

I noticed that the cocaine thing is a real interesting one because you see people making crazy decisions. Just real nutty fucking decisions. Oh, you

sell a Tonin melatonin. Your whole system. So your whole system's delusional. I remember going out like after a long night and not sleeping. Okay, now, that comes to a point where you have this paranoia where you don't leave the house. But now that comes to a paranoia that you're going to leave the house and bump into somebody. And guess what? Sometimes you actually do you go to a 711 to get a soda and you bump into somebody who's in the same predicament as you. That happened to me once I was I went by Gavin's I think I was staying with Rafi and I went by Gavin's and on the first floor there was just check that we used to be a stripper. And she had a door that was about 13 kind of ugly. She was like Pavarotti we used to call it Bob Marathi because she had thick fucking eyebrows and shit. But a mother was kind of a freak. And I got up like, like I was up all night. It was like nine in the morning and I was about to call my drug dealer to get a package at 11 that keep the party alive. And I bumped into that animal and the stairway and she asked me like, you know, I get some coke. I was on my way. That chick was engaged. Oh, I'll never forget this. She was engaged. And I go I'm on my way right now she goes, Do you want to split the gram? I know. Yeah, split the grand. It was like 30 bucks. We went over there. We spent the fucking grand we went back. Her daughter was sleeping. So we had to do the coke in the hallway on the first floor. Right under the stairway. And after we did two blanks, we were just standing there looking at each other. And she's like, Don't even ask. I just told the guy that was bothering me all night. I wouldn't give them insight like listen, it's 10 in the morning, I'll do something here. And I started swapping spit with the next thing you know she's stuck in the helmet. And when I went to come she goes don't do that. And I came on the jeans. Like it was all over her jeans. It's 1130 in the morning, you come on some of these jeans. You're coked up. I felt like a piece of shit. That's the worst of it. I see her three nights later without compadre and she's with her boyfriend. And her boyfriend comes over to me he goes hey man, we might have a problem here and I'm like what what's going on? He goes my girls little bit angry. I don't know what happened but I think you should apologize. I felt like when I came on the pants that's what happened that you tell you that like that's easy to coke world this oh my god like she told her boyfriend. She was angry at me It's none of your business wide but so he came up with it because I don't know what's going on. You're a nice guy. I don't know what's going on. I feel like going you know why she blew me a lot in the morning. That's it I came on a jeans I shot a load on the jeans she couldn't fucking like what are you spraying your jeans to get shut off? I'm gonna shout it out. Shout out that spring if she fucking wanted to that oh no vitamins in my system. I weighed 380 pounds those genes was stayed for life

I did the dumbest shit on all the house drugs the dumbest shit and especially the year it took me to get off it what's going on? Someone at our door. Okay, who the fuck is this page in May of 546 in the morning crack at dawn. What's going on? Next?

Probably someone dropped off.

Anyways, my brother Jonathan we gotta get out of here eventually. All right,

gotta leave eventually.

I'm good. I'm having a good time. It was good to see us good to see you too man. Jamie my man I thought about you when I saw a fucking the Crimson Tide come back against them I thought about you who'd you bet

that one yeah, I lost them that when I told me that Chuck said Heartland some stuff.

I can't go straight up you love those sucker bets are gonna go straight out. It's

winning the lottery. Why went 120 bucks when you can want to under

no because I'd rather raise my percentage of bet one and double up on it and just worry about what? Why am I sweating two moves with a fucking minor sweat to move? I

don't want to get in that long game.

Oh my god fall

too deep like you're talking about the whole four

pieces. What's the next fight? I'm

exciting? We got some great cards to go over the Rachael Romero fight runs

great Romero and then you got March 7 Khabib. against Tony for shit and Brooke coming at you from all directions. That's gonna be Brooklyn, New York. Are you doing the show that week? Yeah.

Isn't April. It's April right April. What's the exact date?

April 7,

I believe? Yeah, I think

that's that's a crazy fight has a hard time I'm at soccer

robots fight to 23 that's who the fuck knows fight. You know? That's one of those fight we like, ooh, that's gonna be a crazy one. Tony Ferguson is a bad motherfucker. And Khabib Nurmagomedov is already one of the scariest guys I've ever seen compete ever malls people already. This is his first shot at the title. Just stop and think what what happens if that fucking savage gets the title? That guy some mashes people what he did to Edson Barboza was supernatural. It's like he's not even the same thing.

You said something during that fight that said it all. There was one point of fight that you said, Look at the look.

In essence face. Yeah. And

I've had that look. And that's when you're getting chased by 18 people. He had a look that he did. No,

he said, No. He had no hope. He went into like a survival situation like like when you see a deer that's getting attacked by a crocodile or something. They have this like survival thing where you're like, you're just trying to survive, obviously deer is not the same. i That's terrible analogy. correct this? What I think is that Barboza had realized that like, There's no way he's going to beat this guy on the ground, it's not even close. Like, I think if he went to that fight, he probably thought it'd be cool stuff more takedowns and probably be able to get back off his feet because he was doing that with a lot of guys in camp. But once that guy gets a hold of you, there's an acceptance that certain fighters go through, where they they're locked down, like holy shit, like they're just drained from this animal mall, and I'm trying to retain their energy, trying to recharge their battery trying to get back in it. And you gotta realize that guy isn't verbose is one of the best fucking kickers ever, ever. He's one of the best kickers ever. That fucking guy's the fastest switch kicker I've ever seen in my life. Outside of like, professional Moy tie like Sansai or blue cow or something like that. He's got a world class left leg kick. I mean, whoa, as fast as fuck. He couldn't keep that guy off him.

Face to me where he drilled for hours. He drilled take down the fence. He drove everything there was but he never drove this couldn't do it. Like there was one point where he looked and he was like, Wait a second. I've done everything I can I even I even trained with the Giants taking me down for a week. Different animals ever felt this dip. I don't know how he keeps you down either. His control on that side is fucking something that is.

There's certain guys that have a grappling skill that it's very hard to see when you look at even if you you're a skillful grappler yourself, you're looking at someone like you like why is he able to do that to everybody? Like what? What is he doing differently? Like why is this one guy been able to do certain things that other people can't do? And there's a few of those guys out there while you're watching me just go Jesus, like what the fuck and but comedians, the number one guy in that category because he's never been defeated, said one moment of adversity and the guy had clipped by a punch from Michael Johnson. I can't think of a single round he's lost. Not off the top my head at least. I mean, he may have lost rounds on some judges scorecards, but he's essentially mauled. Every motherfucker they put in front of them. He's an animal. So this guy versus Tony. It's phenomenal fight. Because Tony is a savage and Tony fights very well off of his back. He is a seriously dangerous guard. You can't sleep on him. He's durable as fuck. He can knock you out. He never gets tired. And he's his game as they come. And he's a fucking champ right now. He's the interim champ. You know when he beat Kevin Lee with a triangle, you beat a top guy like Kevin Lee with a fucking triangle. That's a big move. Tony is dangerous. Nasty. DARS chokes is Darce choke is one

of the capitalists great but he wasn't ready for Tony Brown. Kevin Lee has too sick

to adapt. That's the heads direction but no, unquestionably.

He wasn't totally as is too high level that was too. You could see the second round perhaps

I would like to see that fight again. We have to say that we're sorry. But I think that if you wanted to have them fight again, and Kevin Lee can go in there. Fight healthy. I think you'd see a very different fight. I don't think you would see Tony. I'm not saying that you would see Tony lose or Kevin win, but I would think you would see a Kevin Lee that could sustain his performance longer. I think being drained from staff it's just, there's no there's no if and I've had it before, it's the worst. Your body can suck the worst but it's not good your body goes into a very weakened state. It's your new are not the same thing. You're just not you can if you're a real professional, you can go out there and do your job and a lot of guys have a lot of guys have fought and won Luke Rockhold beat Chris Weidman on antibiotics How about that? He was fighting off staff when he beat Chris fucking Weidman That's how good Luke Rockhold is. Guys have done it, but that's not him at 100% he wanted he wanted 70 or 80 or whatever the fuck it was. You know? There's no doubt about it staph infections and antibiotics both fuck you up and Kevin Lee I believe opted to not take the antibiotics so after the fight, so he didn't want to weaken his system, but he's still weakened by the staff. Fuck.

Falco shield,

Demetrius Johnson vs TJ Dillashaw superfight targeted for UFC 226 and Co main event. Oh, shit where 226 I don't know July Vegas.

Oh, Steve a DC fight.

Oh shit. That's a big holiday some bro. They got some good cards coming up. That's a greatest cattle sleeps. Don't sleep motherfucker. This game might run by buyers shit. I was motherfucking fight to getting better and better. Now again.

I'd love to see Steve Vai become a superstar.

Me too.

I think I think he deserves it. And I think you look at where that guy is right now. Like, what is more American this guy like you said with his immigrant name. What is more American than a guy who works right now as a fireman while he's the UFC Heavyweight Champion, the world and row is a great loser good and broke the record broke the record for the most defensive beat the scariest contender we've seen in a decade. You know?

Again, I watched the podcast a lot you had those guys on you were talking about the tower Jake window. And I think that a lot of people really miss out on the main thing. And this is what you miss out with me and everyone I've ever been out with. You know, no, I don't mean other people. You mean? Yeah. Like whenever I watch these Bruce Lee fucking things, and I see these kids that are 30 talking about Bruce Lee, I get sick to my style. Because Bruce Lee didn't bring martial arts to this country. Then he gave immigrants hope. I was a kid, I just come from a cube, The Green Hornet on Sunday nights, I would throw you out the window to watch that show when I was five. And then they canceled them. And then he came back with the first one that's supposed to be Fist of Fury. Some argue that was a flat that didn't do that good that introduced him. It was the one in 71 that Chinese connection when I was eight. That was a great movie that really put this country over. If you were it didn't mean you were a tough guy. How many how many on YouTube? How many black guys are there that think that Chinese didn't they got wisdom? What was the guy used to send you videos of?

I forget the guy's name. But there's a bunch of those

students make people tougher. He gave immigrants blacks. He gave them hope how many black dude started dressing like Bruce Lee and doing crazy shit and wearing kung fu kung fu outfits. You know everybody's wrong about Bruce Lee because I saw it. And I saw his death. And I saw how people would go to Chinatown because there was no internet

fighter still today and they go to Seattle. They go to his Greg I went to his grave.

I went to his grave took a picture and gave it to Eddie Griffin. That's why Eddie Griffin will always be indebted to me. Because I gave him a picture. Please, brave and your shit. That's how Bruce Lee when he died. There was no internet. They didn't report Bruce Lee's death on the news.

How do people find out about it? You found

that a week later, when the Chinese newspaper hit New York. And then in Chinatown, it came out through Chinatown. When I heard about it, I was forced to go to Chinatown and get the paperwork with the pictures. I heard we had there was an open casket in China. And the open casket was glass around him and him nobody believed Bruce Lee was dead. Then enter the dragon came up but bing bada boom, everybody made a million dollars and nobody said nothing. But his debt bro fucked people up. Like, you know, Bruce Lee gave hope because the Vietnam war was going on. And there was something else going on in this country that people don't remember that destroyed this country. You know, it shot this country down. What when the Beatles broke up, Jesus fucking Christ. Did people lose them? And so you always get into arguments with people. Led Zeppelin is a good band. Yeah, but wait till the Beatles get back together bitch, because they will always threaten you with the Beatles dog. I like Jethro Tull. Yeah, but then compared to The Beatles, so until John Lennon got shot, then those people had a voice fuck you and the Beatles, bitch. You know what your Springsteen is demand.

You know what you'd love? Go to the Mirage show the The Beatles, Cirque du Soleil show. It's called love. Fucking crap. When

did you go credible couple weeks ago.

You were there doing my family? Okay,

and I wanted to see the Cirque du Soleil show. It's supposed to be amazing right?

I see the original circus de sola well there's that guy nobody remembers bro The Beatles broke up this country went through a tough time you have no fucking idea you

don't have any idea if you're you're young you have no idea put it in

the Beatles let let it be out on the end of that would let it be dog that was it people

crack white people crack Jack fucking incredible song when you think about what John

died when John Lennon die. What happened in New York that Sunday? You think about that. That was amazing to look at. Now

he was on another level. The whole band was on another level. They were very psychedelic. Mostly

came in at the perfect time. The Beatles are breaking up Muhammad Ali. Muhammad Ali but also in 1973. This is a very interesting fact. at $50 and $15. Ticket sales. At $15 $12 $10. Ticket sales. This country gross $3 billion in concerts really? Go watch the 70s on CNN. The one of our music

I can't say so much good music came out of that time. That

era was on tour. They had a list of who was on tour. Zeppelin the stones. The who when I

was in high school, we always went to concert. You always when I was in concert with high school. We went to see Jay Geils Band? Yes. Who I saw Johnny Winter. I saw Jethro Tull I saw George Darrell good and destroyers.

He did a 5050 tour in 1981. That dude, he did 50 states in 50 days. That was the big thing to do. George Pharaoh Gretna destroyed people forgot about Jay Geils Band J giggles band that was

about freeze frame Angel as a centerfold he was married

to Faye Dunaway, that singer, whatever is Peter Wolf from my bad motherfucker.

I chill. I gotta wrap this pitch up. I got shoot.

I love you, too. So

we're gonna do this in June, June, June. Do we plan on it right now, folks, we'll keep you guys updated. But I'm gonna direct and put together Joey Diaz is comedy special. We're gonna let mana fuckers know immigrant mentality coming to everybody. Thank you.

Thank you.

12 rules for life. So without reading this. So what you're saying is

there's only 12 Things you need to know in life. Right? That's it.

Yeah, this this interview that you just did with this woman, Kathy Newman was that in the UK, it was Channel Four UK. Um, I just went, I felt bad but I was also laughing. I went to her twitter page to read like and with each one of her tweets, no matter what she says. Someone writes underneath it so what you're saying is and then some ridiculous but by the way, the your fans were mocking her but politely not aggressively. There. I didn't read any rude things like there was no there was there was no insults or what maybe it'll few insults, but there's no swears it was just playful mocking of the interview that she did with you because the interview was ridiculous. It was a ridiculous interview. And I listened to it or watched it several times. I was like, This is so strange, like her determination to turn it into a conflict. It's one of the issues that I have with television shows. Yeah, because they have a very limited amount of time. And they're trying to make things as salacious as possible. They want to have these sound bites, these clickbait sound bites. And she just went into it incredibly confrontational, not trying to find your actual perspective, but trying to force you to defend a non non realistic perspective.

Yes, well, I was. I was the hypothetical villain of her imagination, essentially. Well, what happened? What was interesting to the way it played itself out because I met her in the greenroom beforehand, you know, she was being made up, and then they put a little bit of powder on me. And we had a friendly kind of interchange. And then we went and sat in front of the cameras, and for a couple of minutes, you know, before before the show got rolling, and we had a pretty pleasant back and forth. And then as soon as the cameras went on, she was a completely different person. And I thought, Oh, I see. To see what's going on. Yeah, yeah. Well, so. So that kind of alerted me to, well, the fact that there was something rotten in the state of Denmark, let's say, Yeah, but you know, this is also why YouTube is gonna kill TV. Because television by its nature, all of these narrow broadcast technologies, they rely on forcing the story, right, because it has to happen. Now. It has to happen in like, often in five minutes, because they only broadcast five minutes of that interview. They did put the whole thing up on YouTube to their credit. Yep. It, it hasn't ceased to amaze me yet. I think that they thought that the interview went fine. That's the scuttlebutt I've got from sort of behind the scenes, because I've, you know, I know some people who know what's going on at Channel Four. And they're shell shocked by the response. You know, and, and then, of course, there's the counter response, The Guardian, the next day, published a paper published an article saying that, you know, the head of Channel Four had to call in police security because of threats. You know, well, first of all, you can call the police and about anything, and they never did detail out exactly what the threats were, you know, but then about 20 newspapers picked that up and went for the well, Kathy Newman is now being harassed by an army of online trolls for doing nothing but doing her job, which well, and then there was a backlash against that in the press. So it's been a well, what took

an audit of the the actual interchanges between fans and her, and there was way more negative ones coming your way.

Yes. That were seriously negative. Yeah,

that's right. Seriously, negative, violent, harassing, just rude. The way more Yeah. And no one picked up on that at all. Yes, all the narrative was She's a victim. Yeah, even though she was highly aggressive on in this, but I know

she's a funny victim. It's not like she's not successful. Yeah. You know, you think you should have to hand in your victim card. I think like when you go to an Ivy League university, it's like, right then in there, you got to handle it. Yeah. Because you don't get to be oppressor and oppressed at the same time. That's just too much.

Well, one of the things that you pointed out was when you were talking about competition for very lucrative jobs, and you were saying, Look what you've done, like you, you must have had to work here. And she proudly was saying how hard she had to work. Yeah, to get there. And like, well, yes, of course, no one's gonna hand this to you. No, this is why, and this is why you were saying you are opposed to equality of outcome,

because your outcome, I can't imagine anything we could possibly strive for in our society that would make it into hell faster than equality of outcome. Like the historical, the historical evidence for the pathology of that route is so strong, it's like you have to be historically ignorant beyond belief. or malevolent or resentful beyond comprehension in order to think that that's a good idea. I argue for that

I agree with you. But I think that even if you came into this with no knowledge of history, but a complete understanding of human beings, you would say, well, that doesn't make any sense. And one of the best quotes that I've ever read about it is that if you have real true freedom, you're never gonna have equality of outcome. Because with real true freedom, you have the freedom to not to defeat. Well, look, if you look at a guy like Jeff Bezos, for instance, that Amazon guy is worth more money than anybody ever, right? That guy works all day. Yeah, I mean, he's a maniac, acquiring all these different companies and, and everything he's doing is designed to succeed. I mean, he's just, well, that's

just said to in a recent interview, and I know some guys that are, you know, they're in approximately the same universe as those two and they just work all the time, that's all the time and they don't just work, they work so efficiently and so effectively, and make use of every second in ways you can't even imagine unless you're in that sort of position. So and, you know, doing that doesn't mean that you will succeed but not doing it certainly means that you will fail you will

use will not doing, it certainly means you will never achieve that level of success. And that's what we're talking about. We're talking about equality of outcome. I don't want that. I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to work like that. I don't want to do what he's doing. And I should have the freedom to not do that. Yeah, as he should have the freedom to do that. If we're gonna play this game called capitalism, which we're all agreeing is probably at least in as far as the models that we have right now is the best one that we have. If we're all going to play this game. If someone decides to be the Michael Jordan of capitalism, you can't stop them. You can't say no, no, no, no, you're playing this game too. Well, you're playing this team too hard. You're too obsessed with this game, you're going to have that

you can stop them, you can try to stop people from winning. crookedly. Yeah. Which is what you should do. And yes, you know, there's a couple of things that are really worth delving into with regards to that, too, because there's this sort of Marxist notion that all this inequality is generated as a consequence of capitalism. And that's actually technically false. Because if you look at there's a, there seems to be something like a law of nature that's described by this statistical model called the Pareto distribution. And it basically suggests that in any creative domain, there's going to be a small number of people will will do almost all of the output. But it doesn't just apply to human beings. It applies, it applies to the heights of trees in the Amazon rainforest. It applies to the size of cities, and it applies to the mass of stars, which is something like, the more you have, the more you get, it's something like imagine how that would work with a star. As it gets bigger and bigger and its gravitational mass increases, it's going to attract more and more matter. And then as the city grows, we're more and more people are excited to move there because of all the opportunities. And so some cities start to grow tremendously, and others and others don't. But this this, this phenomena, where a small number of people end up controlling a tremendous proportion of the resource is not only limited to money, and it doesn't only occur in capitalist societies, it occurs everywhere. It's like a natural law. So you see the same thing with number of points scored by a, you know, a spectacular sports figure is always a tiny proportion of people who are way they weight the head way ahead on the curve, where people who make records or people who sell paintings or people who compose music, or people who sell music online, it's all the same. It's, it's the 1% gets 80%. And so well, first, we can't blame that on capitalism. And second, we should note that it actually does constitute a problem, which is what the left wingers are always jumping up and down about right, like too much inequality starts to destabilize your society. And it isn't obvious how to shuffle money from the top end, maybe the 1/10 of 1%, who have almost all the money down to the people who have almost nothing in a way that's effective, so that they don't get thrown out of the game completely. And so that the whole society doesn't destabilize, we don't exactly know how to do that. It is a problem because inequality does exist. And it does tend to magnify across time. And then there's another problem too, which we haven't figured out is imagine that in order to make everyone rich, you have to tolerate a certain amount of inequality. That seems obvious. We don't know how many units of inequality you need to tolerate per unit of wealth generated, but the answer is definitely not zero. It's definitely not zero. So

yeah, so it goes back to this equality of outcome. Yeah. And this thing has perplexed me since I've met you, and since you were involved in this original debate over gender pronouns, and there was an article that was written recently I forget the exact title of it, I think was something along the lines of why can't people hear what Jordan Peterson is saying? Yeah, you are misrepresented more than anyone I know. You know, weird way. You are villainized in a weird way, where I can't believe these people are on Honestly, looking at your opinions, and coming up with these conclusions, I can't help but feel like what is happening is people are consciously deciding to ignore reality and paint you as this archetypal figure of oppressive white male patriarchy. Ignorance did fill in the blank with all the rest of the descriptive that you'd like to use, but they've decided to paint you in this way, like as, as a target, because they need a target to sort of reinforce this idea that transgender people are being victimized and women are being victimized. And only

while even deeper that the right narrative is the way that we should view the world is victim versus oppressor. Because that's the basic postmodern Neo Marxist template, it's the right way to view the world is that it's a it's a power ground. What it's a it's a battleground of power, interests competing constantly. The ones that win are oppressors, the ones that lose are oppressed. That's the way you look at the world. And I think that that's wrong. That's a bad way of looking at the world. Psychologically, sociologically, politically, economically, ideologically, you name it. Now, it ends nothing but catastrophe. I mean, first of all, because it puts your group identity as something that's paramount. And I mean, that's just not well, that for that isn't what we do in the West, let's say, we put your individual identity paramount. And then well, that's just that's just, for starters, fundamentally. And then, I guess the other reason that people are on my case, to some degree is because I have made a strong case, which I think is fully documented by the scientific literature that there are intrinsic differences, say, between men and women. And I think the evidence and that this is the thing that staggered me is that no serious scientists have debated that for like four decades. It's that argument was done. By the time I went to graduate school, everyone knew that human beings were not a blank slate that biological forces, not parameterize the way that we thought and felt and acted and, and and valued. Everyone knew that the fact that this has become somehow debatable, again, is just especially because it's being done by legislative Fiat, they're forcing it to me as a scientist is just, it's just well, in the in the States, too, with title with Title Nine, for example, because Title Nine is sort of predicated on that viewpoint. What is Title Nine? Oh, Title Nine was originally just a piece of legislation that mandated that female sports teams were funded to the same degree that male sports teams were funded in the American universities, but it's been expanded out so that if there's any differences in any areas whatsoever between the genders, then the universities are being taken to court. And like 200, of meaning. Last I looked about 200 of them were up. And they can have their funding revoked if they violate Title Nine provisions. So it's become like a vicious weapon for social justice warrior, equality of outcome types.

And so it's not just about sports.

No, it's got way, way beyond that. Yeah. It's, it's become an equality of outcome issue. Fundamentally.

There was an article that I sent you. One of them was from, I think, I got a got it off of digg.com. But it was Jordan Peterson is having his moment and we should ignore him. I send this to you. And there was one of

the last part of that might be true.

One of the things in the article was citing this study that showed very little difference. Yeah, I ran that damn study. Yeah, God. Pathetic study. Yeah. Well, I sent it to you, because I was like this. This is not right.

Well, the thing is, like most things, it's complicated. Yes. You know, so are men and women more similar, or more different? Well, it depends on how you define the terms first, but they're more similar. Well, why? Well, they're the same species. So we could start with that, like, but the question is, what are the differences and how do they manifest themselves? And are those manifestations important? So here's an example. If you took a random woman out of the population and a random man, and you had to bet on who was more temperamentally aggressive, if you bet on the man, you'd be right 60% of the time, but you'd be wrong 40% of the time, and that's not a walloping difference, right? 6040 It's not 9010 Like, so there's quite there's a lot of overlap between men and women in terms of their levels of aggression. And you think, well, they're more of the same. Yeah. Except, so then let's say, no, no, let's play a slightly different game. Let's pick the one in 100 most aggressive person from the random population. Well, they're all men. And that's why all the people in prison are men. So even though on average man is doing well, yeah, it's 9090 90 to 95% Right. So and Often if the women are in prison, it's because they got tangled up with a really bad guy, you know, so. So one of the problems is, is that differences at the extreme are where the differences really start to manifest themselves. And so you can have a small difference at the level of the average. But out at the extremes, it starts to make a massive difference. So let's say to be a Google engineer, which is hard, right? Because you not only have to be an engineer, but you have to be a very good engineer, say, Well, you have to be interested in things rather than people. That's, that's a huge difference in interests, like men are more interested in things, generally speaking, and women are more interested in people, generally speaking. Now, there's still a lot of overlap between them. But that's one of the biggest differences between men and women's being demonstrated cross culturally, it's also a very big difference in the Scandinavian countries. Well, on average, the difference isn't that great, even though it's a relatively large difference, but at the extremes, it's the same thing. Almost all the people that are hyper, what would you call hyper focused on things? They're almost all men, and all the people who are hyper focused on people are almost all women. And so how does that play out in the world? Well, in the Scandinavian countries, it plays out this way. But 85% of nurses in Scandinavia are female, and about 85 to 90% of engineers are male. It doesn't mean women can't be engineers. It doesn't mean men can't be nurses. It also doesn't have anything to do with intelligence. But it does have to do with interest. And the differences in interest are big. Now, at the extremes in particular. So when you read a review like that, that when that was pointed out, the first question is, well, what do you mean by Big and Little? There's more overlap, there's more overlap between men and women, then there is difference on virtually every parameter. Okay, fine. Are the remaining differences significant in how they play out in the world? And the answer to that is overwhelmingly significant, because you you select for extremes. So here's another example. Ashkenazi Jews have an average IQ of 115. So in the typical population overall, has an average IQ of 115 points is about the difference between the typical college student and the typical high school student. Okay, so it's not a massive difference. But if you go to the extreme, say, well, let's go look at people who only have an IQ of 145, which is kind of where you hit the beginnings of genius level, it's like the Jews are overwhelmingly over represented. So relatively small differences in the average can produce walloping differences at the extremes, people don't understand that it's not surprising because it actually requires a fairly sophisticated grasp of statistics. But when we're talking about things like differential outcome in the workplace, then you have to take a sophisticated statistical approach to it, or you don't know what the hell you're talking about. And unfortunately, many of the people who are talking about things like gender differences, they have no idea what they're talking about. They don't know the literature, they don't know there is a literature, they don't understand biology, like the the social constructionist types, the Women's Studies types, the Neo Marxist, they don't give a damn about biology. It's like they inhabit some disembodied universe. So the review was poorly written at best and did not was showed it very poor grasp of the relationship between group differences and economic and practical outcomes.

It's not just that it's deceptive. And there's there's a need in some way. On that side, this side of the debate the anti Jordan Peterson side to label men and women as being virtually identical, when there's so much evidence that that's not the case. And what you're saying, Well, you've you've never said, one is superior one is inferior. What you are is a guy who's pointing out the reality of the difference between the various types of human beings and you've been very open about the extremes about you. Look, I'm well aware of the extremes I deal with MMA fighters. I know a lot of female MMA fighters are as aggressive and as tough as any man you're ever gonna meet in your life. And I know a lot of men from comedy that are meek little guys who they're not nearly as aggressive as some of these female fighters. There's, I think one of the beautiful things about freedom is that people get an opportunity to express themselves in a way that genuinely them. Yep. And whether that is like our friend Alex Honnold, who's a free climber, who is like, climbing up these fantastic mountains with no ropes, or whether it's a female MMA fighter like Raquel Pennington, who's just a tank and beating the shit out of people, and that's what she loves to do. All of these extremes are available to people because of freedom. This is not a suppressive thing. No one's no one's stopping people from choosing these paths. I don't know if you saw the most recent slip up by the CEO of YouTube. I retweeted it today. They were talking Talking about why there's not as many women in tech. And she basically said they both her and the CEO of Google said exactly what James d'amour was saying in his memo. They completely fucked up. They tried to find this. Look at this. This is goddamn hilarious and James d'amour had this on his page. They respond women, a lack of tech has could, you know, go to job, go to James d'amour tweet. Just go to the what I retweeted and what he said.

So there was a study published a while ago about Jamie

scrollback. Right was right there. It's right there. Just just make his tweet larger. There you go. Let's see. It says he sank. Did I read this right? I don't know how to say her name is Susan. What? Six? I'm sorry. I don't know how to say her name. W OJICICK. I said that women fine, geeky male industries as opposed to social industries. Not very interesting. And Sundar cites research on gender diversity.

That's exactly the difference in interest that I just pointed out. Yes, because this is right here.

This is what James d'amour wrote in his memo that got him fired. And this in my mind, if I was the lawyer for James d'amour, I'd be like, Oh, well, look what we have here. This is this is checkmate. Yeah, you dummies, just this. Sorry,

the divorce story is really interesting, you know, because I think it's such a classic story of, of an engineer getting tangled up in politics. So demora went to this diversity seminar. And he wasn't very happy about it, because he knew the literature. And so at the end of the seminar, they asked for feedback. Well, James d'amour is an engineer. So when you tell an engineer that you want feedback, the engineer thinks, Oh, you want feedback and the you want like facts and stuff, right? Because that's what feedback would be like. So demore went and wrote this, like, thorough memo and gave it to them. He said, Well, you know, this is what I think here's some feedback. And then it traveled around that he got no real response from the diversity people. And then he posted it on one of these internal boards at Google, where people can discuss things which people at Google do all the time. So it was perfectly reasonable for him to post it because he didn't get a response from the diversity people. He thought, well, let's see what other people think. And then it was there for a long time until it was leaked into the outside world. It wasn't like dimora was trying to expose Google for, for what it is. He was just doing what an engineer type would do. When someone asked him to provide feedback, because he's not thinking politically, he's not thinking, Oh, they just want to hear what they already said. He thought they actually wanted some facts. Anyways, I think they picked on the wrong guy. This turns out to be pretty damn tough.

Well, he's very smart, and a very kind guy, when you sit down and talk to him, he's not a sexist. He's a, he's a guy that's talking about facts. In fact, he wrote more than a page and a half, I believe, on strategies for getting more women interested in tech. He's not a sexist. This is just a guy that was talking about the differences in the choices that people make that's based on just the variations that you were just discussing.

Well, there's a good study done a while ago, unfortunately, to remember the author, but they were looking at junior high math prodigies, and they're pretty equally distributed between boys and girls. But by the time University came along, they math prodigy, boys, they tend to go into the STEM fields, but the girls wouldn't. And it doesn't because they lacked ability, because they had stellar ability. It's because they weren't interested. And it turns out, like the interesting turns out to be a big one. So with personality alone, if you measure men and women's personalities, and then you add up all the differences in personalities, you could tell with about 75 to 80% Certainty by looking at a full personality readout whether a person's male or female. So you'd be wrong 25% of the time, something like that. But if you add interest to that, you can get it up to about 90%. And so you know, you say well, are these differences large? Well, individually, they're not that big. They make more difference at the extremes. But if you add them up, then you can almost completely differentiate men from women. So by that token, they're very large. And the interesting actually turns out to matter a lot. Like it's probably the most important individual difference that has been discovered between men and women at the psychological level, and has real decent explanatory power. Because you might say, Well, men have a slight edge and spatial intelligence, and that's why they're over represented in STEM fields. And women have a slight edge in verbal intelligence. This is debatable, but literature kind of indicates that and that's why they're overwhelmingly the majority of fiction readers, for example. Is that the reason that there's differential representation in the STEM field? It's like, No, it doesn't seem to be it doesn't look like it's an intellectual issue, which is also what demore pointed out. By the way, he never said once that it this was a cognitive issue, but it's a matter of choice, matter of interest. And women tend to be more more people oriented. Now, the thing is, this has also been discovered in chimpanzees and other primates. Like if you offer baby or child chimpanzees, Jews In all chimpanzees, the toys choice between thing like toys like cars, or people like toys like dolls, the males will go for the thing like toys, and the females will go for the people like toys. So you see that in primates? And you think, well, it's not surprising. It's like, well, no, it's not, it's not that surprising, really mean, women have to take care of infants, tiny infants, and you have to be really people oriented to do that, because a tiny infant is an unbelievably demanding social relationship. And it's a primary relationship for about two years, you know, and so women are tilted towards the kind of temperament that makes that possible. It's like, well, is that such a shock? Really? That's a such a surprise. So no,

it's not a surprise. And what what's confusing to me, is the narrative that anybody that points out these differences is somehow a sexist or discriminatory or yeah, we're Yeah.

Well, whatever epithets that can Well, I think the other reason that the left the radical lefties have been going after me constantly is, well, there's one reason is, is if you stand up against the radical radical left, you're in a group that also has Nazis in it, because the Nazis also stand up against the radical left. So it's perfectly reasonable from a strategic perspective for the radical leftist to say, well, you're against us. How do we know you're not a Nazi? It's like, Well, statistically, statistically, I'm probably not, you know, so there's that. But but you could say at least the question is open. But But, but then the next part of it comes is that it's motivated, epithet slinging, because if I'm reasonable, and I'm standing up against the radical left, and they admit that I'm reasonable, then there has to be an admission that reasonable people could stand up against the radical left, which kind of implies that the radical left isn't that reasonable. And so while they're not gonna go there, of course, they're not that reasonable. They're unreasonable beyond belief, as we saw in this situation with Lindsey Shepard in Canada, so at Wilfrid Laurier University talk

about that real quick, because that was a fascinating thing, too. And that also had to do with you. So she was discussing you in class and can fill up well, everybody. Yeah,

she's in communications in the communications department at Wilfrid Laurier. And they were talking about the role of language and communication which kind of what you would do in a communication class. And she decided to show a five minute clip from a program I had done for TV Ontario, which is a public television station, mainstream, left leaning, liberal television station news program and a good one a good one. And I had been on there with a number of other people, including Professor Nicholas Matt from the University of Toronto who claimed essentially that there were no biological differences between men and women. And that had been the scientific consensus for the last four decades. So anyways, she showed a clip from this. And well, she got hauled in front of two professors handed administrator, Adria Joel, who was basically hired for that purpose and raked over the coals for daring to show this video and she had the wherewithal to tape it. And then she made the tape public. And in that tape they compared me was it was really blackly comical, you know, they compared me to Hitler. Yeah. And but then said, Well, it's Hitler or Milo INNOPOLIS. They thought you guys, you're so damn clueless. He can't even get your insults, right? It's like he can't say, that's like playing a video of Hitler, or Milo Yiannopoulos. It's like, first of all, Hitler and Milo INNOPOLIS. They're actually not in the same category. Right? Except that they're both human. That's about the narrowness of the category. And then Milo is like a comic provocateur. And you can hate him or love him or be indifferent. But to put them in the same category as Hitler just shows how muddle headed you are, and then to assimilate me to that category so carelessly, like, you don't mess about with epithets like that. You know, Hitler was one of the great super villains of the 20th century, right. I mean, he was he's up there with Stalin and Mao in the panoply of satanic Lee possessed leaders, you don't just toss that around. Especially not when you're torturing your teaching assistant for daring to show a video about language in a communication class. And so that was a massive scandal in Canada was the biggest scam. I think it was the biggest scandal that ever hit a university in Canada, and it got a lot of international attention, and rightly so. And she also turns out to be a tough cookie. I mean, the last I heard she was, she had started a club at Wilfrid Laurier. And I think it was last night or the night before maybe it's coming up. They're going to show the whole video from television Ontario at a club meeting and invite people to come and discuss it. It's like they they picked on the wrong girl there too.

So they certainly did. She's obviously very sick. You can hear that in her discussion with them and how flabbergasted she was by their take on things. But this was essentially proof to a lot of people that were on the outside of how preposterous some of the dialogue was inside these universities. And

they couldn't have done me a bigger favorite than having that scandal. Because when I made videos about Bill C, 1615 months ago, I said, Look, here's what's going to happen, because this legislation is written in an appalling manner, and the surrounding policies are pathological, said, here's what's going to happen. And so I laid it out, and then people came out and said, No, you're being paranoid, just like that's possible. No, the bill, the legislation isn't going to have that effect. No, you're not a legal expert, what the hell do you know, et cetera, et cetera, You're crazy. You're a bigot, you're a trans fold. You know, they threw everything, but the kitchen sink out me. And, like, fair enough, you know, because there's always a possibility that I was wrong. But the problem was, is I read the policies, and I understood them, and I knew where they were leading. But I never imagined that one of the consequences of Bill C 16. And its sister legislation was that a teaching assistant at a Canadian university would be pilloried and accused of breaking the law, and then accused of all sorts of reprehensible political beliefs by two professors and an administrator hired for that purpose, merely because she showed a video about two people talking about the law. It's like that that paranoid as I am, let's say that, that exceeded the grasp or the reach of my imagination. And then of course, it was made public and people just couldn't believe it. And then you think, Okay, well, what's the defense? Well, they misinterpreted Bill C 16. It's like, No, I don't think so. They aren't representative of the university professors administration. Well, all of Pimlott and Rambo, countless colleagues rose to their defense, the whole department, the university when they apologize, did it in a very mealy mouthed way. Like there's no evidence that it was an anomalous occurrence. So what had happened is they overextended the reach of Bill C 16. In exactly the way that I said would happen. It was inevitable. And it wasn't an anomaly. It was actually that's actually the way that the universities are, and it is the way that they are, it wasn't a one off. It was exactly diagnostic, and it's appalling. It's appalling. The universities have so much to be ashamed of their their their while there was an article in The Boston Globe this week saying the same thing that all of this crazy, postmodern, identity, politics, equality of outcome nonsense, is not only disrupted the university in a way that might be irrepairable, as far as I can tell, but it's rapidly spreading outside into the normal, say, business world, which was exactly what you see, for example, at Google.

Well, the tech industry in particular seems to be more left leaning than pretty much any industry there is. And I guess it's because there's so many intelligent people, there are so many people that have spent a tremendous amount of time in universities and they get indoctrinated into this mindset. And you're seeing that in this, the CEO of YouTube's response to the James d'amour memo completely misrepresented it, they're talking about harmful gender stereotypes. That's not what he talked about at all. What's fascinating to me about all of this is it, it just reeks of tribalism, that these people on the left have decided, I mean, and I'm mostly on the left, which is really crazy. I mean, when it comes to most policies, and most thoughts of equality, and, and the idea of just letting people be who they are. I mean, that's what the left used to stand for. It used to stand for being open minded, and you stand for being a reasonable person. It now it seems to be all about this very toxic tribal ideology. And this is one of the reasons why so many of these attacks and you are so baffling to me is because there's a willful ignorance or a deceptive narrative, there's a deceptive description of who you are, and what you're saying and what you represent. And it's this conveniently categorized, not even convenient, willfully, willfully, deceptively categorized into these categories, categories of homophobia, transphobia, sexism, these are reprehensible categories that if they can just shove something that you're saying figure out a way to push you into this little narrow confined then everyone has to disagree with you. Everyone has to insult you. And everyone has to be like take that girl into their office and chastise you for even us not even speaking up for you

right just what Jen? She

said she wasn't Yes, that's what was more fascinating about it than anything. Then give

her hell for that. Like all you can't present something like that neutrally. That's like presenting something Hitler said neutrally or maybe Milo Yiannopoulos

it It's so strange, but what they don't understand, and this is what's really crazy is that the world is watching, and that most people would maybe it's a 6040, like we were talking about before, when it comes to aggressive men, women versus aggressive men. I don't know what the number is

50 to one, actually, like, I've been watching the comments on YouTube and so forth trying to track this is like, I think that like, I think that what the radical leftists are doing is overwhelmingly unrepresentative of the general population, overwhelmingly, but they're, they're a very well organized and, and verbal and prepared minority. And they've occupied powerful positions in many, many institutions, HR, and one of the things I really can't figure out right now, and for anybody who's running a company that's listening, they should think this through, like to let these postmodern Neo Marxists into your company through the guise of Human Resources is an absolute catastrophe, you're going to pay for that. This the ideology that drives postmodern Neo Marxism, this identity politics, what the identity politics movement, and its insistence on equality of outcome is a powerfully anti capitalistic, it's powerfully anti Western, why you would let that into your company, is so that you can look good socially, let's say is beyond me. It's a big mistake.

I agree with you. But I don't think people are aware of it. I think part of the problem is this battleground is largely ignored by the general population, I don't think most people are aware of what's going on you are because you're, obviously you're deeply embedded in the university system in Canada. And you're you're obviously now branching out into YouTube and podcasts and all these different ways to get this information out. But the average person that is a CEO of a company or they're concerned with their own company, they're concerned with their own individual needs. They're concerned with organizing things and keeping their bottom line and males are

also concerned with looking fair and making sure that they're not prejudiced and all of that which is laudable and but I just don't think they see the wave come now. They don't they don't see it coming. They don't understand it. And they're incautious about it, but they're gonna pay for it. Well, Google is a good example, because now Google is in court, on the feminist end for like being prejudiced against females, and also on the conservative end for being prejudiced against conservatives. It's like, well, so both camps are after them. And I think well, why is that? It's like, well, that's what happens when you play identity politics, this tribalism, or this is really what I can't stand about identity politics. And I've been warning about the consequences of on the right wing too, because what I see happening is that as the left, like, let's say the left gets to define the linguistic territory, which was what I was objecting to in Bill C 16. When it came out, I said, Look, I'm not going to use these neologisms, Z and Z, etc. Because as far as I'm concerned, they have nothing people

that don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, well, you see different made up gender pronouns. Yeah, ascribe people and the non male or female. That's

right. So there's like 70 different categories of non binary gender or something like that generated now. And there's lists of pronouns that hypothetically that people who are in those categories can choose to be addressed by and now that has the force of law. And so I don't care if they choose to be addressed by those pronouns, whatever that's, that's, that's, that's up to them. And whoever else they can convince, or ask or in treat, or negotiate with font, as soon as it's law. That's a whole different story. Okay, so now I have to use a certain terminology. So then I look at the derivation of the terminology, I say, oh, that's terminology generated by the postmodern Neo Marxists. Oh, well, I think those people are reprehensibly. Murderous. So guess what? I'm not going to say their words period, because I know what they're like, I know where that leads. Okay, so

but some most people think that that's a gigantic step to go from saying you don't want to say zeros or and these made up gender pronouns to these are murderous people.

The ideology is murderous in Marxism. Yeah, absolutely. Well, Jesus, how much proof do you need but most people

don't understand Marxism. Like when you're saying this, like when you were so adamant about and I had to start reading about it myself. And I had to start doing a lot of research about it myself. And I think most people here Marxism and they think socialist, yeah, they think pooling all your money together, you know, making you know, making things more even for Yeah, like

they are in in Venezuela, everybody has an equal chance to starve to death. So you know, how they, you know, how the Venezuelan Government start solve the problem of kids starving to death in hospitals, how they made it illegal for the doctors to report starvation as the cause of death. Right. Well, that's Venezuela in a nutshell. Yeah, that's everyone's equal their day. They all have the same number of bones to gnaw on

it. That's a horrible thing. But yeah, it's it's a horrible thing, undeniably, but there's no, like the connection between gender pronouns and murder. This it's a big leap. Yeah,

that's that's for sure. That's for sure. Well, that's why you have to look at the underlying ideology. You know, when you think well, what's what level at what is the level at which these things should be addressed? Well, is it economic? Is it political? Is it

personal things of these, this ideology and you understand where the roadmap leads you to understand the X at the end of the road?

Yeah, right. Absolutely. Well, and I think that's why I recommend it to people continue to read Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago. So actually, there's a set of books that let lay this out perfectly, you read, Dostoyevsky's wrote a book called The possessed or the devil's. And it's a it's a description of the initial breakdown of the of Orthodox Christian society and in Russia in the late 1800s, and the rise of radical socialist ideas. So it's sort of like the pro drama to the Russian Revolution. It's a brilliant, brilliant book, brilliant book. And it concentrates on the personalities that are involved. And then if you read after that Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago where he details what he does, does in that book is quite remarkable. So he says, look, there were 10s of millions of people killed, from 1919 to 1959, in the Soviet Union, and as a consequence of internal repression. And it's so dreadful that words can't do it. Justice mean, it's absolutely dreadful. What happened in the Soviet Union. I mean, just for starters, 6 million Ukrainians died in the 1930s, because of enforced starvation. In fact, in the 1930s, here's, here's how, here's how terrible it was. So all the food that the collective farmers newly collectivized, farmers had produced, which wasn't very much, by the way, was taken from them and brought to the cities. So all the farmers starve to death. Now, here's, here's how draconian it got. So let's say you were the mother of some children, and all your grain had been shipped off to the cities and you thought, Well, I'm not going to have my children starve to death, I'm going to go out in the field, and I'm going to, on my hands and knees, and I'm going to pick up the grains that are leftover that the harvesters didn't count, get, and I'm going to feed those to my kids that was punishable by death, you were supposed to hand in those extra bits of grain so that they could be shipped to the city as well. So that was just the beginning of the fund in the Soviet Union. And what Solzhenitsyn did was say, Look, this wasn't a consequence of the Marxist system gone wrong. This was a consequence of the Marxist system. It was inevitable consequence of the axioms of the Marxist system. And then he lays that out. And it's, I think he got it right.

What is why why did nobel prize but what is the connection,

it how much tyranny you have to impose, in order to produce something like equality of outcome, ie the Thomas Sowell has talked about this a little bit, too, he said, what the people who are agitating for equality of outcome don't understand is that you have to cede so much power to the authorities to the government, in order to ensure equality of outcome that a tyranny is inevitable. And that's right. And the other problem, another problem with equality of outcome. This is also a big technical problem is like, well, what measure of outcome? You know, there's lots of outcomes, like, how happy are you? How much pain are you in? How healthy are you? How much money do you have? How much opportunity for movement forward? Do you have? What's the width of your social connections? Like? What's the quality of your friendships? Do you have exposure to art and literature? Like, you know, you can multiply the number of dimensions of evaluation between people, innumerable right, because there's, there's all sorts of ways to classify people, you're going to get equality of outcome on every one of those measures. Is like everyone's going to have to be equally happy in their relationship. And if not, why not what, why why stopped with economically, why stopped with pay. There's no place to stop. So and that's that, and that's a huge technical problem. Because there is no place to stop, there will be no stopping. Like, nobody can have anything else. Nobody can have anything that everyone else doesn't have at the same time. That's the ultimate outcome of equality of outcome. Well, you think about what that would mean. It's terrible, while instantly you think, Oh, well, there's nothing but a tyrannical system could impose that. Have you ever debated

a Marxist Porter? Have you ever debated someone who is pro equality of outcome?

No, they don't debate me. Well, the only the closest thing I think was to that was the debate I did at the University of Toronto about the Bill C 16. issues. But they didn't actually have a debate. They had a forum, which is the postmodern equivalent of a debate. It's supposed to be friendlier, I suppose. But no, I haven't because people don't do it. They don't ask me to do it. But what is

it about that idea or that ideology about Marxism that's so attractive to young students and to university? Oh, that's

a good question. I think it goes back to the issue of inequality and This is something that has to be dead seriously addressed. Like, you might say, Well, why is the left wing necessary? Let's, let's put it that way. And so then a subset of that would be, well, why is the left wing attractive? Well, the left wing is necessary, because inequality does spiral out of control. And so there has to be a political voice for the dispossessed. And you don't want people to stack up at zero, you know, where they can't play the game at all. It's a bad idea. Not only do you not, if people stack up at zero, they're too poor to get ahead at all, let's say they're too poor to open a bank account, they're too poor to buy enough food, like they're stuck at zero, and they can't get out of it. It's a really bad scene, because first of all, that's a lot of suffering. And that's not so good. Second of all, well, at least in principle, a lot of those people might be what might have something to offer the world, or their children might, and you want to open up avenues of opportunity to them so that they can succeed, but so that everyone else can benefit from their success. So and then the next thing is, well, if the inequality gets out of hand too much, then the whole society starts to destabilize. Because if you get enough people stacked up at zero, especially young man, you get enough young men stacked up at zero, they think, oh, to hell with it, we'll just flip the whole board over. And it'll settle in a new configuration, and maybe we won't be stuck at zero in the new configuration. So it foments revolutionary thinking. So there's lots of reasons to be concerned about inequality. And so you need a voice on the left to say, look, we got to parameterize the, the tendency towards inequality so that it doesn't destabilize the entire society, so that it's everybody has an opportunity to advance like, Yes, right? You need that? Okay, so that's the technical reason for the necessity of the left. And then I think it's attractive because, well, because young people can be resentful, partly because they're at the bottom of the heap, so to speak. They're not because they're young, like, Look, you want to be, you want to be poor and 18. You want to be rich and 80. Which you're going to choose,

most people is going to take poor. Well, we can't, especially if you've been rich at 80. And you understand you can get back there.

Yeah, well, that's the thing you know, is that most of the people who are half a million dollars or more in the United States are old. Well, why is that? Well, really? Do we need an explanation for that? It's like, you've had a lot more time to make money. How would that be? That's the explanation. So that's one of the big drivers of inequality is just simply age. But it's not obvious that the old rich people have an advantage over the young starting out people. So So anyways, but anyhow, maybe you're resentful and irritated because you're young, and you're still at the bottom of the heap. And you know, you've got other problems, too, it's more difficult for people of your race, or ethnicity or gender, at least you think it is. And so you say, Well, I want to make things fair. And then that's also driven by some real compassion, because nobody really likes that the consequences of radical inequality, like nobody likes the fact that homeless people exist and have to go to the emergency ward, you know, to get treated, and they don't have medical coverage, and they have to live in tents on the street. And so if you have some compassion, then you think, well, we got to do more for the poor and dispossessed. It's like, okay, that's, that's an understandable sentiment. But the problem is, is that the people, but the problem is, is that it's that that that desire to help is contaminated by resentment and ideological certainty. And then also by something that George Orwell pointed out so nicely in his book, road to Wigan pier. It's like, the typical middle class socialists, this was his diagnosis. And he was a socialist, by the way, his diagnosis was the typical middle class, intellectual socialist, doesn't like the poor. In fact, they don't have anything to do with the poor. They're contemptuous of the poor, but they hate the rich. And I think it's even more devious than that, because I think, who they hate or the successful, some of the successful or rich, but really, who they hate is the successful. It's like Cain and Abel. It's the retelling of Cain and Abel. And so there's some positive motivations for being engaged on the left. And there's a lot of negative motivations as well. And the people who are really driven by the radical left ideology, the real radicals, they're almost all driven by by resentment and hatred, as far as I'm concerned. Now, the let's look at both extremes. So back to the idea of the of the ideological and verbal territory. I said with Bill C 16. That I wouldn't speak the language of the radical leftists because I don't think that that language should define the game. But let's say it does. So here's the game. The world is a battleground of groups. And the they're battling for power. That's it, that's the game. And some of them win and they oppress those who don't win. So that's how we're going to view the world. Okay, now the leftist say, Okay, well, here's the oppressed people, the oppressors, the patriarchy type, patriarchal types, they should be ashamed of themselves and give up some power. The right wingers, the radical right wingers look at that, and they say, Oh, I see. So the game is ethnic identity, is it it's Identity Politics, okay, we're white males, we're not going to lose. That's the right wing version of identity politics. It's like Screw you. If we're going to divide into groups, if we're going to divide into tribes, and I'm in my tribe, I'm not gonna get all guilty and lose, I'm gonna get all cruel and win. And that's like, then you think, well, there's people in the middle there kind of looking back and forth. Which side of the identity politics spectrum I'm I get a fallen? Do I want to go with the do I want to go? Do I want to be driven primarily by compassion? And I'm am I going to accept guilt for my historical privilege? So that's one possibility. And then I'm the oppressor. I'm the member of the oppressor group? Or am I going to say no, to hell with that I'm just going to play to win. Well, then I'm gonna go to the right. It's like, well, my sense is, how about we don't play either those games. And the reason we shouldn't play them is? Well, the Soviets played the left wing game, and like killed who knows how many 10s of millions of people, you can't even count it accurately, the estimates range from 20 to 100 million. Those are pretty big error bars. And the Maoists may be 100 million, certainly 60 million. So okay, that didn't work out so well. Then there's the Nazis, like they played ethnic identity, politics and racial superiority. It's like, why do we want to play that game? See, what I've been trying to do, really what I've been trying to do for the last 30 years is say, look, there's heavy temptations to play those sorts of games. But that's not the only game in town. It's a much better game to play individual. It's like, Get your act together. Stand up in the world. make something of yourself, stay away from the ideological oversimplifications. Set your house in order. That's rule six in the, in this book. So I have a book rule in there says set your house in perfect order before you criticize the world. And it's a very dark chapter about the motivations of the Columbine High School killers. And this other guy named Carl Panzram, who is a serial rapist and arsonist and murderer. And these he wrote an autobiography. And the Columbine kids also wrote about why they did what they did. They're resentful to the core bitter, bitter, resentful, terrible. And well, I'm suggesting that people stay away from that resentment, resentfulness and bitterness even though life is hard. And and there's malevolence in the world. It's like, yeah, you can you can tell a story where everyone's a victim, because we all die, we all get sick. You know, and, and things happen to us that are better and terrible. Betrayal, deceit, lies, like people hurt us on purpose. You know, so it's not just the tragedy of life. It's malevolence as well, it's everyone's a victim, you can tell that story. The problem is, if you tell that story, and you start to act it out, you make all of that worse. That's the problem. And it's so this is why partly, I got attracted to Christian imagery, at least in part. Because there's an idea in Christianity that you should pick up your goddamn cross and like walk up the hill. And that's dramatically? That's correct. That's the right answer. It's like, you've got a heavy load of suffering to bear and a fair bit of it's going to be unjust. What are you going to do about it, except it voluntarily and try to transform as a consequence? That's the right end? It's the right answer, because the rest of it is tribalism. And we're too technologically powerful to get all tribal again.

What's exciting to me is that I think this is the first time in my life that I've ever seen so much communication on these subjects. And I think so much recognition about the consequences of tribal toxic tribalism, this tribal thinking that everyone seems to be engaged in on the right and on the left. I mean, in America, you need to go no further than going back and forth from CNN to Fox News to say, something's wrong here. These are, these are supposed to be news outlets, you have two completely different narratives. And that has nothing to do with what we're talking about with gender politics and, and radical left socialism and Marxism. What what you're seeing in universities, though, is a radical departure from what I always considered universities, great for. What I always considered universities great for is separating from your parents, challenging belief systems, and being engaged in the works of brilliant people who you can compare all of their findings and their discoveries and sit down and debate them in class. And when I was a kid, when I was in high school, went to a very good high school, Newton South High School in Newton, Massachusetts. And one of the things that they did is they put on a debate between a guy from the Moral Majority which was this right wing, Christian group that I don't even know if they're around anymore, but there this was 19. I was 14. So at one and Barney Frank, who was that Congressman is now one of the first openly gay guys Uh, in Congress and and you got to watch these two people in this auditorium debate their points and this moral majority guy had this, you know, right wing Ronald Reagan sort of point of view and Barney Frank who's kind of crazy. He's got busted in some male prostitutes scandal and but the gay community that's not that big of a deal. And just Barney Frank took them apart, was brilliant to watch. But it was a real debate. It was fascinating. And he got to see a mediocre mind versus a great mind. And you got to see this little thing. And then I was like, wow, this is it was one of the things it's always attracted me about the, the idea that two people with differing viewpoints can get together in front of a neutral audience. And these people can sort of decipher which way these people are thinking and why to think Yeah, well, bad

is that is and rife with conflict as that is, the alternative is to separate as you pointed out into two camps that don't talk. Yes. And the thing is, the, the consequence of not talking is that you fight that that's the end game, because the only way you can stop from fighting with other people, is by negotiating with them. And, you know, one of the things that's also interesting, and this is partly why Silicon Valley leans to the left is that a fair bit of your political preference is determined by your biological temperament. It's a strongly influence. So if you're a creative type, who's kind of disorderly, then you're likely to be on the liberal left end of the distribution. And if you're a non creative type, who's orderly, and and especially if you're orderly, then you tend to be on the right wing end of things. And so and, well, why is that? What Why did those variations exist? Well, they exist, because some of the time your best strategy is to do what other people have done and shut the hell up and just do it run the algorithm, right? The Pathways already laid clear, it works, stay in the damn rut and move forward. Okay, so that's the conservative approach. And when things are going, right, it's the right approach. The problem is, is that sometimes it's not the right approach, because something has shifted. And so something new has to emerge. And so then there's a bunch of people who are adapted to the new, and those are the entrepreneurial and creative types. And of course, they dominate Silicon Valley, because it's a very entrepreneurial, it's a very entrepreneurial, what would you call it? Geography. And so they're gonna lean to the left. But they have to understand people have to understand that the left and the right need each other, the liberals and the conservatives need each other liberal start companies, conservatives run them. And the problem with the Conservatives is, well, they can only run a company in one direction, because they're conservative, they don't think outside the box. But so if the company is working, and the product line is good, and everything is stable, like hire some conservatives, because they'll maximize efficiency in the move down that track. But if the track is no longer going in a good direction, because something's changed, the environments change, well, then you got to bring in the creative people. And so we need each other. And the only way that we can survive, the fact that we're different, and the fact that we need each other is by continually talking, we have talked constantly, it's like, well, how much of what we're doing should we preserve versus how much of what we're doing, should we transform? And the answer is, we don't know because the environment keeps changing. So what do we do about that? We talk now, I was on a CBC Canadian Broadcasting Corporation interview a couple of days ago, and they took me to task. I tweeted out this, this invitation to the kick boys to fill out this program that I developed called Future authoring and it helps people make boys Yeah, well, they're they're an online group. They're there. They I know what it is they run Keka Stan, it's this fictional polity. It's a It's a satire of identity politics. Essentially. We're going to we're going to be our ethnicity highly

demonized anti highly demonized sounding right cut in with good reason with some individual examples of racism. Oh, yeah. Nazi ism. And yeah, there's

lots of misbehavior. Yeah. Yeah. It's like graffiti. It's like online graffiti, something like that. So and, and the cat boys are the ones who are often using the Pepe memes for example, and, you know, the left regards Pepe as a hate symbol.

That'd be the frog. Pepe the Frog feels good frog.

That's right. That's right. It's kind of reprehensible frog. And so I tweeted out to them, I said, cat boys, seek your 4chan. rescue yourself from the underworld. Use code Pepe for future authoring. So it's free for one week. So they had to figure out what it meant. And then I showed this picture of Michigan Jay frog, which is the frog from old Warner Brothers cartoon dancing frog that wouldn't perform when he was watching it. So CVC hold that out and said, Well, look, aren't you? Aren't you like, appealing to the radical right and I said, Well know what I'm doing. I said, Look, these people are attracted by the radical right, although they're sat tourists and juvenile satirists and graffiti types, and, you know, they're they're playing a weird so they're being naughty. That's exactly what they're doing. They're they're provoking. And I my sense was, well, why don't you develop yourself as an individual and get the hell out of the ideological trap? So here's my program, which helps you write about your future. And that'll help you decide who you are as an individual, because that's the way out of the ideological trap. It's like, and that's the way obviously, what's the way out of tribalism? First, the way out of tribalism, is not to never join a tribe, you actually have to join a tribe as you mature, right? Because what happens is, first of all, you're an infant. And then you have your parents to make a relationship with but then when you move from your parents, you have your tribe, you have your group, maybe it's the music you listen to, it's the gang, you hang around with whatever, you have to be socialized into the tribe. You have to because otherwise, you stay dependent infant. Okay, but now you're socialized into the tribe? Well, is that where it ends? It's like, no, the next thing to do is differentiate yourself from the tribe, while still knowing how to behave within the tribe. Well, that's the called individualism. And that's, I think what the West got, right is we figured that out, it's like, you're more than you're, you have to be a member of a group, because otherwise, you're not socialized, not good for anyone. You have to be able to play on a team man, you have to have team loyalty, okay. But that isn't where you should stop, you should take the next step and become a fully developed individual. And see, the problem with being just a group member is that the group, it's the problem with conservatism. The group is a fixed entity, it has its rules and its regulations. And if you're a member, that's all you are, but the group can go badly wrong. So the group needs individuals to keep the group alive and revivified. So you have to become an individual. So you can revivify the group. That's the call, that's the call in the West to heroism, essentially, to noble way of living is to develop yourself past your group identity, so that you can reconfigure the game when that becomes necessary. And I think that there's a very influential line of developmental psychology, pioneered by John Piaget that laid that out as a developmental. What would progression first you're a child, then you're a member of a group, then you're an individual, it's like get to the individual level, that's the solution. It's a solution to tribalism. But you have to accept responsibility to do that. And this

is what your future authoring program is basically all about me. And it's a wonderful program. It's in along with his book, rules and guidelines for life. I think that's one of the things that a lot of young people are lacking is a structure to how to go about establishing who they are in the world.

Yeah, well, that's, you know, what's really cool. And it's been really quite remarkable, I would say, is that what I've noticed when I've been speaking publicly, say over the last year and a half, because there's a hole in our culture, where there should be a discussion about maturity, truth and responsibility. No one's talking us out. Okay, so now, I'll come up, and I'll start talking about that I'll say look like, what should you do with your life? Well, take care of yourself. But take care of yourself in a way that also means that simultaneously, you're taking care of your family. And that and also means that simultaneously, you're taking care of the broader community. So that's kind of your goals, orient your self towards that personal success, but in a way that your success breeds success. Because if you're going to establish a name, why not establish like a really good day? And that's a good one. It's good for you. It's good for everyone else. Yes. Okay. That'll give your life some meaning. Now, adopt, make a plan, generate a vision. That's what the future authoring program helps people with maker develop a vision of what your life could be like, if, if it was worth living, despite all its sufferings, like, what would you need so that you would be happy to be alive? You'd find your life meaningful, so you don't get all bitter and resentful, and cruel and hostile and ideologically addled and, like murderous and genocidal. It's like none of that. You think real hard? How would you have to configure your life so that despite its suffering, and the malevolence, that's part of it, that you would regard it as worthwhile? It's not up to you to develop a vision, then put a plan into practice. And so when I talk to people about this, and most of my audiences are young men, it's probably about 6535. More and more women are showing up, but that's about what it is right now. The halls are dead silent, you could hear a pin drop, because nobody's said so clearly for like 50 years that almost all the meaning that you will need to get you through the hard times of your life is going to be a consequence of adopting responsibility, not have rights and impulsive action, impulsive freedom, like fine rights. Yeah, got it. Freedom, no problem, even freedom to do impulsive things. Fine. But that isn't where you're going to find the meaning that keeps you sustained through the storms of life. That's going to be it If you take care of yourself, you take care of your intimate partner, you take care of your damn family, you don't run off, you take care of your community. You rescue the wisdom from the past. You stand up straight and you be courageous despite the fact that life is tragic and tainted by malevolence. It's like that's the, that's ancient wisdom. That's what that is

an understanding that there's structure and discipline. And that, you know, I am, in a lot of ways, both of those things you described earlier, I'm in a lot of ways. My mind is creative. And I'm always sort of half paying attention to things. But I'm also disciplined, right? And it's one of the reasons why I think I so relate to both sides of this issue. Because I also one of the reasons you're successful, I could have easily been some hardcore, right wing asshole. I'm a competition oriented person I've been since I was a child. Yeah, I grew up competing in martial arts tournaments. I mean, that's, and you have to be a hard person to do that. You have to understand what discipline is. But before that, I was an artist. I wanted to be a cartoonist, I wanted to do comic books. That's what I wanted to do. I wanted to be an illustrator. If it wasn't for one bad teacher in high school, that totally shied me away from art, I probably would have went into that as a living. When I look at both sides, I see myself in both sides. Yep. Yeah.

Well, the other thing I've been telling young men is that, and this is something I think that you could relate to tremendously as I read this New Testament line, well, decades ago, and I could never understand it, it's the line is the meek shall inherit the earth. And I thought, there's something wrong with that, that line, it just doesn't make sense. To me, meat just doesn't seem to me to be a moral virtue. And so I did a series of biblical lectures this year, like 15 of them, that was also a weird little experience that we can talk about. But I was looking through the these these sayings, these Maxim's, and that was one of them, the meek shall inherit the earth. But I've been using this site called Bible hub. And it's very interesting. It's very, it's organized, very interesting. So you have a biblical line. And then they, they have like three pages of commentary on each line. And so because people have commented on every verse in the Bible, like, to the degree that's almost unimaginable, so you can look and see all the interpretations and all the translations and get some sense of what the genuine meaning might be. And the line, the meek shall inherit the earth. Meek is not a good translation, or the word has moved in the 300 years or so 300 years or so since it was translated? What it means is this. Those who have swords and know how to use them, but keep them sheathed will inherit the world. And that's another thing I've been telling Yeah, no kidding. That's a big difference. It's so great. And so like, one of the things I tell young men well, and young women as well, but the young man really need to hear this more, I think is that you should be a monster. You know, because everyone says, Well, you should be harmless, virtuous, you shouldn't do anyone any harm, you should sheath, your competitive instinct, you shouldn't try to win. You know, you don't want to be too aggressive. You don't want to be to assert if you want to take a back seat and all of that. It's like, no. Wrong. You should be a monster, an absolute monster, and then you should learn how to control it.

Do you know the expression? It's better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war?

Right, right. Exactly. That's exactly it. Yeah. And that's exactly right. And so when I tell young men that they think, Well, lots of them are competitive, they're low in agreeableness, you know, because that's part of being competitive temperamentally. So because there's something wrong with being competitive, there's nothing wrong with it. There's something wrong with cheating. There's something wrong with being a tyrant. There's something wrong with winning unfairly. All of those things are bad. But you don't want people to win. What's the difference between trying to win and striving? You want to eradicate striving? What's the

uncomfortable feeling that people associate with losing? When they've personally experienced it? They look at losing as they they've been oppressed, or they've been hurt. But what they don't understand is that is the motivation for growth. And one of the most beautiful things that I think a young person can get involved in is martial arts. Because martial arts teach you that in a way that very few things do. They teach you it and especially jujitsu? Because jujitsu is so complex. And there's so many possibilities to it, that it attracts a lot of really smart people. If you think of jujitsu, you would think of like brutish individuals engaging in this hard martial art. If you go to a real good jujitsu school, you see, nerds, you see a bunch of like, really smart kids that really get obsessed with the possibilities of this physical language. This physical language also teaches you the consequences of not working hard of not being prepared of not understanding positions of not doing due diligence and doing the work. And it's an amazing amazing scaffolding for developing your life teaches

you how to lose Yes, you know, that's very one definition of a winner is someone who never let losing stop them. Yes, you know, and the idea that a single loss In a competition is somehow a defeat is completely insane. It's first of all, well, let's say you're a hockey player and you're good player and you, you lose the tournaments like, well, so what you played the game, you're increasing your skills. It's like there's always next time. And one of the things that I've also been telling people informing people about is the idea that life isn't a game. It's a series of games. And the right ethic is to be the winner of the series of games. And part of that means you all you have to learn how to be a good loser, because you're not going to win every single game. But you also

have to embrace those losses as learning experiences. And the people that have never lost are afraid of losing, they're afraid of learning, you're afraid of that feel that terrible feeling that you get from losing is so beneficial. It's aided me in so many ways, like, it's one of the reasons also one of the reasons why I talk so openly about bombing on stage. And I do it with other comedians, I always want to tell people Yeah, I'm an established comedian. I've been a comedian for a long time, let me tell you about like when I was two years in or five years in or, or four years ago, like, let me tell you about some horrible moments on stage where it went wrong, just so you understand, like those things took me to another place, because I realized I don't want to ever feel that feeling again. And so I ran everything up. And then I went back to work. And I went over my notebooks and I went over my, my recordings, and I figured out what I was doing wrong and and I tried to improve upon it. But if it wasn't for that horrible, sick feeling, that's the same feeling you get when you get tapped out in jujitsu class, same feeling you get when you lose a martial arts tournament, or anything else losing is important. Well, you

might also say like, let's say that you could pick your you can pick your level of competition in life to some degree. Okay, so let's say you pick a level of competition where you're always winning. It's like, well, all that means is you've picked the wrong level of competition is because, you know, like, let's say, You're Grandmaster chess player. And you're all you do is play amateurs. And every night you go home and congratulate yourself on what a genius you are, because you just stomp these people left, right and center. It's like, you're not a genius. You're dimwit. Right, what you should be doing is playing people who are beating you like, well, as much as you can tolerate, right, so maybe that's 40% of the time, maybe it's 60% of the time, but that way, because to be a winner, you want to be disciplined, you want to know what you're doing. And then you want to be on the edge where your skills are being developed. And if you're going to be on the edge, where your skills are going to be developed, you're you're at a place where where loss we're losing is always a possibility. Because otherwise, you're not pushing yourself beyond your current capacity. And so one of the things that I've outlined in 12 rules for life is a theory of meaning. Because meaning, as far as I'm concerned, that sense of meaningful engagement is the antidote to malevolence and suffering, essentially, because you want to have a life that's so engaging that you think, despite the fact that I'm limited, and that we're mortal, and that life is tragedy, and there's evil in the world, despite all that this is worth doing. And I think that there's there's a, there's a technical meaning that, that that genuinely exists. And that's the meaning that you get when you're in a domain where you have some discipline and some skill. So you're laying out your competence and your your ability, but you're simultaneously pushing yourself to develop past where you are. That's really engrossing. And what's that, do it, what did that is doing is expanding your competence. And so life is suffering and betrayal in in many senses of the word. But you can adopt a way of traversing through life that is more powerful than the tragedy and the malevolence,

I agree. And I say to many people, that what what is going on in your life as you have a series of human reward systems that are in your body and coded in your body, in your genetics, and it's the reason why human beings survive to 2018. In order to be happy, you have to feed those things, you have to feed all of them, you have to feed the one that wants to overcome difficult tasks, you have to feed the one that wants to solve problems, you have to feed the one that wants to be with a loving tribe of people that you care about, you have to feed the one that wants to procreate. You have to feed all these things, you have to feed the love, you have to feed the competition, you have to feed the discipline. And that, to me is the only way to stay balanced or with me with my body and my mind. That's the only way I've been able to stay balanced. And when either any of those things get out of whack. I get out of whack. Yeah,

well, so So part of that is so imagine that. So imagine that you're this loose collection of all these things that need to be gratified, that need to be fed. It's a perfectly reasonable way of looking at it biologically. Okay, so now, you have to conjure up a mode of being that satisfies all those necessities simultaneously. But then, and this is this is a technical explanation of why the postmodernist insistence that there's an infinite number of explanations turns out to be wrong, an infinite number of interpretations. There's a very finite number of viable interpretations. So the first constraint is what exactly what you just said? have, you have these inner demons, let's say all of which need to be satisfied. But they need to be satisfied in a very particular way. Not only do they need to be satisfied today, but they need to be satisfied today in a way that doesn't interfere with satisfying them next week, next month, next year and in a decade, so because there's no point in you, betraying your, your future self, to gratify your present self, it's a stupid game. Okay, so you're constrained by the necessity of satisfying yourself, but of maintaining that satisfaction across time. But then it gets even worse, that's hard enough. But it's like there's an infinite number of US extending indefinitely into the future, and all of them have to be satisfied simultaneously. But then it's worse, because it isn't just you, you have to figure out how to gratify all those internal demons in a sustainable way, in a way that other people not only don't object to, but probably help you with, and that benefits them at the same time. Well, then you think you think, well, there just aren't that many ways of solving that problem. And we know some of them, one of them is reciprocity. You know, like, if you go out of your way, for me, it's incumbent on me to notice that and to attempt in some manner to to repay you. And like if we're good friends, that's what we'll do. If we're good. Brothers, that's what we'll do. That's what you do with your wife, it's a reciprocal arrangement, and that keeps things flowing properly across time. So, there is an there is an ethic this and this is the answer to the postmodern conundrum is like, well, is life meaningless? Is everything just Niall nihilists? Is nihilism the right answer or maybe, you know, the, what would you call identification with an ideology as a counter position to nihilism. So nihilism is wrong. Life is meaningful. That and that's what 12 rules for life is about. The first meaning of life is suffering and malevolence, is indisputable realities. Okay. Well, what's what's after that? Well, there's a noble way of being that allows you to exist properly, despite that, and also not to make it worse. So can your life be meaningful enough so that you, what is it? Confront chaos? Voluntarily? Establish and re vivify order. Constrain malevolence. That's a good three part doctrine for life. There's things to do. And so that's what I've been talking to the audience's that I've been seeing over the last year, it's like Get your act together. Stand up forthrightly. That's rule one, stand up straight with your shoulders back. There's a vulnerable position, right, because you're open. But it's a powerful position, because it means that you're brave enough to take what's coming. And isn't like what's coming isn't dangerous. It's dangerous. So but your best bet is to be dancing on your feet and ready for it, pay attention and be awake. And to treat yourself property that's rule two is figure out how to treat yourself as if you're someone worth coming to the aid of, to detach yourself in a bit and say, Okay, I'm gonna set up my life so that it's good for me and good for other people, as well as that's a corollary to that. So the book is all about all about the meanings of life, the negative meanings, suffering malevolence, those are indisputable realities. And then a mode of being that integrates the sorts of things that you were talking about these underlying needs, with everyone else's. And like doing that voluntarily, it's a call to responsibility and meaning. And I actually think it's not. The thing that's been so exciting for me, for the last three decades looking into these things is that I believe that there is a genuine human ethic. It's not arbitrary. It has to do with reciprocity, for example, has to do with honesty, that's another thing is that you should speak the truth. Because your life turns out better if you speak the truth, and so does everyone else's. So in this biblical lecture series I did. I looked at the first chapter in Genesis, and there's a theory in there, it's really interesting theory. And the theory is that there's three parts to being, there's chaos and potential. And that would be like the potential you should live up to because everyone says, Well, you should live up to your potential. It's like, what the hell is that you can't measure it, or touch it, or taste it feel it? It's this hypothetical thing that everyone regards is real. It's like, it's like the future. What's the future? What's not here yet? You can't measure it. What makes you think it's real? Well, we act as if it's real, and that seems to work. There's the so there's potential that's one that's chaos, chaotic potential, then there's order. And that's the structure that you need in order to, to confront the chaos, and you'd be born with that biologically. And then there's your ability to, to call forth from the potential new order. That's what you do with your speech. And that's what that's what happens in the first chapter of Genesis is that God uses God order, let's say, uses the power of truthful speech. That's the logos to transform potential. into order. And that's what people are made in the image of. So there's this theory, it's a lovely theory that's laid out right at the beginning of the Bible that says that, if you tell the truth, you transform the potential of being into a habitable actuality. That's how it works. So say, Well, how do you want? How do you make the world better? Tell the truth. Because the world you bring into being as a consequence of telling the truth will be a good world. And I believe that's true. I think it's true. Metaphorically. I think it's true theologically. And I think it's true, like, at the practical and scientific level as well, I think it's true on all those levels simultaneously. That's been ridiculously exciting to, to sort through,

I think, this notion, and one of the things that you said, that I think really resonates is that there's not a voice out there that is advocating for responsibility. And that is talking about how important this is. And I think this is an inherent principle that most people are kind of aware of, and it feels good to them to hear. I get resonates. So you feel it you when you when you're saying this clean your room, you don't put your house in order people like Yeah, yeah, how come? I'm not hearing that? Right, right. I'm not hearing this.

Well, it's so funny, because one of the things psychologists have done for the last 20 years, especially the social psychologist is pushed this idea of self esteem, you should feel good about yourself. And I think, why would you tell someone 20 That it's like, you should feel good about who you are. It's like, No, you shouldn't? Why should you feel good about who you are? It's like you should feel good about who you could be. That's way better, because you got 60 years to turn into who

you could wait a minute, are you what your accomplishments are? Or are you this individual going through this journey? I mean, I don't think there's anything wrong with feeling good about who you are, as long as it's tempered by an understanding of potential and what you have accomplished versus what you can accomplish. Well, I think having confidence is a big part of

it. It is it is and I'm not saying that people shouldn't have confidence. But like, often you take young people say they're 16 to 22. And they're not really feeling that good about who they are, right? Because their life is chaotic, and in disorder, and they don't know where they're going. And they don't know which way is up. Also, that could be bad parenting god, yes.

A lot of abuse going on. And I think that's one of the reasons why Pete that resonates with people, this idea of be happy for you about who you are, right? Feel good about who you are, right?

But but the thing is, it has to be stated with precision, it's like, yes, it's like, you shouldn't, you should treat yourself as if you're valuable, especially in potential, but you should concentrate on who you should become, especially if you're young. And so let's say you're miserable, and nihilistic and chaotic and depressed, and all of that now, and you have your reasons, you know, terrible parenting, abuse, all of those things. It's like, well, you should feel good about yourself. It's like, no, no, it's not, it's not the right message is that it's more like, you should understand how much potential there is within you to set that straight. And then you should do everything you can to manifest that in the world, and it will set it straight. And that's better than self esteem. It's like, you're, you're in a crooked, horrible position. Okay, fine. There's a lot of suffering and pain associated with that. Yeah. You can't just feel good about that. Because it's not good. But you can do something about it, you can genuinely do something about it. And I think all the evidence suggests that that's the case. Yes. So I'm telling telling young people look, there's no matter how bad your situation is, I'm not going to pretend it's okay. It's not okay. It's tragic. tainted with malevolence. And some people really get hurt by malevolent people, like, you know, terribly hurt, sometimes they never recover. It's really awful. But there's more to you than you think. And if you stand up and face it with a positive with a, with a noble vision, with discipline and intent, you can go far farther to overcoming it than you can imagine. And that's the principle upon which you should predicate your behavior. And I think that one of the things that's really nice about being a clinical psychologist is that this isn't just guesswork. Like one of the things we know two things in clinical psychology. One is truthful conversations, redeem people. Because if you come to a clinical psychologist who's worth his salt, you'll have a truthful conversation. The conversation is, well, here's what's wrong with my life. And here's what caused it, you know, maybe it takes a year to have that conversation. And both of the participants are doing everything they can to lay it out properly. Here's how it might be fixed. Here's what a beneficial future might look like. And so it's a completely honest conversation if it's working well. And all that's happening in the conversation is that the two people involved are trying to make things better. That's the goal. Let's see if we can have a conversation that will make things better. Okay, so we know that works. It does make things better. And then another thing we know is that, well, let's say there's a bunch of things that you're afraid of that are in your way. So you have some vision about who you want to be. Maybe you have to, you know, you want to be successful in your career. So you have to learn to talk in front of a group. It's like okay, well, you're afraid of that. No wonder you don't want to be humiliated. So okay, so what do we do about that? Well, maybe we first get you to speak in front of one person, and then three people, you know, for five minutes, and then for 10 minutes, like graduated exposure to what you're afraid of voluntary graduated exposure to what you're afraid of, is curate. And that's true. It works. The documentation is in. It's how people learn so, so to to tell people that if you confront the world forthrightly, if you speak the truth, and you expose yourself courageously to those things that you're afraid of, that your life will improve, and so will the life of people around you. Like, as far as I'm concerned, that's as close to undeniable fact, as we as we've got. And it also dovetails nicely with the underlying archetypal stories, the heroic stories, it's like, go out there, find the dragon confront it. It's a dragon, it might eat you it's dangerous. But it's worse to cower at home and wait for it to come and devour you go out there confronted, get the gold, share it with the community. It's like, yeah, it's the oldest story of mankind.

I think one of the factors in the resistance to these ideas of discipline and of taking responsibility for yourself and of a lot of the things that you've been saying in regards to, you know, all the things that we discussed earlier, is people recognizing that they're not doing that in their own lives, and they get upset. And instead of looking internally, they tried to attack the thing that's upsetting them, they they attack your message, they attack the philosophy behind it, rather than look internally and objective, and having some sort of introspective point of view where you go, okay, am I reacting to this? Because this is resonates like I'm missing this aspect of my life. Is this guy does? Does this diminish me? Or is this guy pointing something out that I can benefit from very few people are willing to do that? Very few people are willing to take that critical moment to look at their own behavior and look at their own thought process and wonder if the actual adverse reaction they have to this person's message is because they know that they're wrong. Yeah,

well, it's no, well, it's, there's a couple of reasons for that. One is, well, what makes you think that you're someone we should listen to? It's like, hey, fair enough, you know, so you got to be poked a bunch to see if that's true. And then the next thing is, well, it's, it's painful to understand how much of what you're doing isn't productive. So I'll give you an example. So I've done this a couple of times with classrooms full of students, usually when I'm lecturing about career development, say, Okay, how much time do you waste? So then I get the class to vote, how many of you waste 10 hours a day? It's like 10% of the kids that put up their hands. And it's interesting, because I don't define what constitutes waste. I just asked the question. So they're diagnosing themselves, right? I'm not saying you're wasting 10 hours a day. I'm just asking, it's like, given your own attitude, how much time you're wasting 10 hours a day. It's like 10% of the people put up their hands? Well, when you get to like six hours a day, 80% of the people put up their hands. So then we do the arithmetic. It's like, because I like doing arithmetic with people. People hate arithmetic, but I like doing it. It's like, okay, six hours a day. It's 42 hours a week. So let's call that a work week, 40 hours a week. So. So that's, that's a workweek, let's say what's your time worth? Your university student was certainly worth minimum wage, because, obviously, but it's worth way more than that. Because if you spend a productive hour when you're 20, then you gain the benefits of that hour for the rest of your life. So there's the compounding effect of time spent when we're young. So I say, well, let's assume your time is worth 50 bucks an hour, which I think is an underestimate, but whatever, let's call it 50. We call it 25. But we'll call it 50. That's $2,000 a week, you're wasting $200,000 a year. It's like how much better would your life be if you weren't wasting $100,000 a year? It's like, what is that over? 40 years? $4 million. It's like you're rich. You don't even know it. Quit wasting time. By your own definition. It's like people shake their heads like, oh, I never thought about it that way. It's like, Yeah, think about it that way. Don't waste your damn life. And then you think, Well, why would people be resistant to that message? It's like, well, you really want to wake up and figure out that you're wasting half your life. And you know, when people do that kind of wasting, they actually hate it. You know, and I've had lots of people come to my clinical practice who were chronic procrastinators, you know, and so they're watching YouTube videos, say, but but not ones that are good for them, although sometimes they will do that. But just browsing in that kind of mindless way that you do when you're not paying attention and you're trying to kill time. And people doing that they feel bad, they get depressed, they feel anxious. They can't get away from it. They feel kind of quasi addicted

to saying about social media. Now, it's a huge issue with young kids. Absolutely.

But there's this feeling of kind of internal rot and corruption that goes along with it. It's like yeah, well, you're wasting your life. It's like so it's painful. It's painful to recognize that that And it's painful to think, Oh, my God, look how undisciplined I am. I don't know anything. I can't use a schedule. I can't I can't stick to a calendar. I don't have any aims. I don't know anything about the world. Right? And maybe there's a part of me that's bitter because I haven't got everything already. And I'd like just like to say to hell with it. That's the recognition of the Union shadow. Like, that's what makes you vicious, and, and, and untrustworthy. All of that. No one wants to look at that. And no bloody wonder. But hey, the alternative is worse. So the problem

is, you say, like, just saying, you stop wasting your life? Like, I think that that's not enough. I think this is one of the reasons why a book like this is so important, like the idea of discipline, and most people's eyes, it's like, if you're not a disciplined person, it's uncomfortable. It's, it's gonna be painful. It's frustrating. You have to force yourself into these things. It's a muscle, it's a muscle that has to be developed, these patterns have to be developed in in your own mind. Mentally,

yes, yeah. Well, with. So you're right, just telling people not to waste their lives is not enough. And this is another reason why I so much enjoyed being a clinical psychologist, because clinical psychologists don't stick with high level abstractions, especially the behaviors. They're really practical. It's like, okay, you want to get your act together. It's like, Well, how about if, let's say, you're not studying? Well, and so we do a real analysis of how much you're studying, you say, well, I go to the library four hours a day. It's like, yeah, yeah. Okay. How much time do you actually study in the library? Well, you know, I waste time I have to travel there. I look at my phone, it's like, okay, well, how much? 15 minutes? Half an hour? How much is real studying? Well, maybe we figure out it's 15 minutes. So okay, so what you're gonna do for one week, is you're going to study for half an hour, that's all, you don't get to go to the library for four hours, you have to sit down, we'll figure out a time 10 o'clock in the morning, whatever we put in your schedule, try to study for half an hour, no more, and then just come back. And let's have a conversation about how well that worked. And people come back and they say, Well, you know, I managed it for days. And one day I went over and one day, I couldn't do it at all. It's like, Okay, that's better. Instead of 75 minutes of studying, you know, 15 minutes a day for seven days, what is that? 1570 105 minutes, you've managed about 210 minutes. So you've already produced an improvement of 50%. And you're bumbling, horrible way, you got a 50% improvement one week, it's like that's deadly. It's like, so in the future authoring program, what we ask people to do is, well think about your life along six dimensions. What do you want for your, so the goal is this, you're going to take care of yourself, you're gonna have a life in three years that justifies its suffering, that's the goal. So you can invent the damn life, but you have to think what you would be satisfied with. So you wouldn't be all bitter and resentful. It's like, okay, what do you want from your family? What do you want from your friends? How are you gonna educate yourself? What do you want for your career? How are you going to use your time outside of work? How are you going to handle drugs and alcohol and other temptations like that? How are you going to keep yourself mentally and physically healthy? These are open questions, like you get to answer them. The idea is, you can have whatever you want. But you have to figure out what it is has to be realistic, and you have to figure out what it is. Okay, so now develop a vision, what's your life gonna be like in three to five years, so you write it down, then we do something else, which is okay. Your bad habits and your resentment and your bitterness and all of that your procrastination gets completely out of hand, and you auger down, and you're in your own personal version of hell in three to five years. What does that look like? Everyone knows that just like, everyone can look into the future and think, Well, if I keep going on this dark path, this is where I'll end up. Well, then you've got little hell outline for yourself to run away from, and you got a little heaven outline for yourself to run towards, and then you're motivated. Because sometimes, you know, you're just hopeful. I would like a good thing to happen. It's like, Yeah, but you know, I'd like to drink half a bottle of whiskey tonight, too. It's like, so which isn't going to be? Well, just being hopeful about the future might not be enough. But then you think, Oh, I see. Like, there's that little health thing that I outlined this waiting for me. And maybe I'm afraid of taking the nips next step forward. Because it's demanding and challenging. It's like, Yeah, I'm afraid of that. But I'm way more afraid of where I might end up if I don't get my act together. And people should be. That's why their conceptions of hell and so many religions. It's like, Hell is a real place. Whether it's eternal. That's a whole different question. Whether it's waiting for you in the afterlife. That's a whole different question. But if you've never met anyone in hell, you haven't lived very long. You haven't had your eyes open.

Yeah, it's undeniable. That feeling of total complete misery undeniable. Yeah.

Especially when it's compounded by the fact that you know, you did it to yourself. That's the real fun. That's the real fun part. It's like I'm having a bit of a time and I richly deserve it. Jesus, that's rough mess is

another concept that is doesn't have a voice right now. This is another I mean, This is a giant part of being human being, instead of identity politics and right versus left, I think these these right versus left battles, oftentimes what they are is is simply the battleground for the conflicts, in your own mind.

Better to have the conflict in yourself. That's another thing I really learned well, not not only from the New Testament, but a fair bit from that. No, the idea is that, well, there's evil in the world of all sorts, and some of its evil and other people. And some of it's the evil in your brother's heart. But the part of it that you can really do something about, that's the malevolence in your own heart, you can actually do something about that. And that's actually way more useful than you think. So, because if you can face it in you, then you start to understand it. And that also makes you strong enough to identify it and to fight it when you see it in the external world. Plus, you don't do any harm. It's like, like, there's lots of people all over the world going out and doing reprehensible things. And you might say, well, you should go out and protest against them. Like, then sometimes you should. But most of the time, you should think, where am I falling short of the ideal? My own ideal? Doesn't have to be one that someone puts on you. Where am I less than I should be? Where am I better? Where am I making the world a worse place than it has to be? That you ask yourself those questions, you'll be in for a big shock, say, Well, what would happen if you stopped doing that? That's what 12 rules for life is about. It's like, stop saying things that make you weak. Stop telling lies that you know, to be lies, stop doing things, you know, to be useless and counterproductive. Aim High, adopt some responsibility, and then see what the hell happens. It's like it'll work. And that's what I'm hoping people will do.

Yeah, I'm hoping people do that, too. And I think that if more people live their life in this sort of a manner, I think we're going to have less differences in terms of our ideologies and more of an understanding that people have different ways of looking at things and different ways of living. And this this combat between people, this this internal strife that manifests itself and this combat between ideologies, I think you are much more inclined to let other people live their lives if you're living your life in a satisfactory manner,

that that's exactly it. That's that I have a chapter in there on raising kids says, don't like your kids. Don't let your kids do anything that makes you dislike them. It's like, well, that's first predicated on the observation that you're quite a monster, and it would be better for your kids if they didn't get on your bedside. And like, again, because I'm in clinical psychology seems monster. Why

do you use that term? Because I've watched families,

like I've seen families where it's as if every single person in the family has their hands around the neck of the family member that's close to them. And they're squeezing, but only tight enough to strangle him in 20 years,

but you're not always using it as a pejorative. You've also used it you should become a monster. You should be a monster. Yeah,

but that's that's. You shouldn't be it. It shouldn't be accidental. That's the thing.

What so what do you mean by Monster? Then in a positive sense, like you're a monster?

Oh, that's easy. Aman a positive monster is somebody who says no, and means it? Because when you say no, what you mean is, there isn't anything you can do to me that will make me agree to do this. Why is that a monster because you have to be because no one will take you seriously Otherwise, no one will take you seriously like no means. If you keep pushing this something that you do not like will happen to you. That's what no means you don't have any strength of character unless you can put up a fight, you know, and to be able to say no to something is to be able to put up a fight. So when you can't do that, if you're if you can be pushed around, you'll just get argued into submission, or you'll feel guilty because you're causing conflict or something like that. But

isn't there confusion using those terms as a positive as a negative? Maybe there's another word instead of monster? Well,

there is there is the potential there is the potential for confusion, you say, well, is that something that can be done? I think

like Monster is a horrible thing. I don't think of it as being like a wall. Like someone who is just rock solid in their belief system and rock solid and their understanding when you

when you fight someone who's formidable say, What do you think of the person that you're fighting? Like, how would you characterize them? They mean, they have a monster side because they can take they can, they can bring physical, substantial physical force to bear on the situation, and and be willing to do it. So they're not naive and, and harmless by any stretch of the imagination, right? They have a well developed capacity for mayhem. They think while he's that monstrous, it's like, well, I would say yes,

I would say fierce, fierce, fine.

Let's go with that. Yeah,

because someone who's fierce and formidable, it's not necessarily a monster. You know, just I think of a monster as being just an awful person who's done awful things and just, you know,

okay, well, so fair, fair enough. Well, so back to the back to the situation with your kids. While you definitely don't want to have your kids act in a way that awakens your inner monster, right? Let's put it that way. And so you need to, you need to organize your family with a certain amount of discipline and a certain amount of structure so that you get to do what you want, which is back to back to the point that you made earlier. So that you're happy to have your kids around so that you won't take revenge on them. And so you want to lay your life out so that well, so that it's providing you what you need to not be bitter, and to work for your best interests and for the interests of everyone else. That would be lovely. And I think it's attainable, you know, because the book is very dark. And I'm a very dark guy in some ways, because I've looked at the terrible things that people do to one another. That's

a fascinating way of looking at you think of yourself as dark because I don't think of you as dark. Oh, that's good. I'm, you seem you're very friendly guy. I think you're you're very serious, and especially about these very complicated issues. And I think that's one of the reasons why you have made this gigantic wave in online discourse and people discussing these very tumultuous times we live in is because you're a guy that did extrapolate your guy did look at that, see 16 Bill, and look at Marxism and go do you know where this is heading? And you were the guy that had the courage to say, murderous, and people like, What the fuck is he talking about? That doesn't make any sense. And you had to spell it out and explain it. And when you do you realize why this is so significant to you.

Yeah, well, the the tribalism issue that you were discussing earlier, doesn't seem to be all that. What would you say? debatable, that if we degenerate into tribalism, the probability of bloodshed becomes vastly enhanced. It's like, well, that always happens when people devolve into tribalism. So and I'm pointing to a particular kind of tribalism. I guess the darkness is that, you know, I'm very aware of the terrible things that people not only are likely to do to each other, but do do to each other all the time. I mean, what it's about 40% for divorce rate, right? Yes, to go through a fairly fair bit of ugliness to get to divorce.

Canadians are nicer than Americans. Maybe you guys have 40%, maybe, maybe 2%. Yeah, I mean, I'd say, actually, it's 50%. Here, somewhere on that one, but yeah, yeah, you have to go through a lot. That's

really ugly, too, you know, and Chris Rock had

a joke about that. He's like, 50% of people get divorced. He goes, he goes, but that's just the people who had the courage to leave because how many cowards just stay and suffer? And meanwhile, yeah, he wound up getting divorced a few years later, right. horrible divorce. So yeah, true story. Yeah. Yeah. But it's good point. Yeah. I think we need more people who are actualized human beings, more and more people who understand themselves more people who have gone through adversity, both in real life and personal in terms of their understanding of their own growth of their own potential, and their own understanding of how they've managed their their life, their mind, their, their actions. And the more we have people that have personal sovereignty, the better will we'll be able to have these these conversations.

Well, that that'd be the hope. You know, one of the things I've been suggesting to people is that they pick something difficult to do. I read this, this funny little paragraph by Kierkegaard it was written about 1840. And he was thinking about his role as a student and writer, and he was a student and writer forever, you know, he never really had a career apart from that. And he said that he wasn't one of these people who was capable of inventing something wonderful. To make life easier for everyone. Like so many people were doing, you know, during the Industrial Revolution, he said, Well, maybe I'm one of these people whose benefit to society will be that I will make things more difficult for everyone, because there will come a time when what people want not. They don't want ease. They want difficulty instead. And I think, well, that is what people want. That is what they want. You think, Well, I want an easy, happy life. It's like no, actually, that isn't what you want.

A three wonderful one is things that are difficult that they can overcome.

Yeah, right. That's right. They want an optimal challenge. Well, there's a whole thing. When you

overcome something when you do something difficult, whether it's, I mean, I've never written a book, but I assume when you write a book, when you're done writing that book, there's a great feeling of accomplishment, because it's very difficult to do. That feeling of accomplished for me, it's like when I put together a comedy special or when I you know, just anything that's difficult. There's a feeling like I did it.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, one of the mysteries is why that feeling exists. You know, it's a genuine, it's not a trivial thing that it's to say, I did something difficult and that was worthwhile. Basically, what you're saying to yourself is, well, there was a lot of suffering attendant on that along with the just general suffering of life, but it turned out that it was worth it. That's what you want is like you want that sense that you're engaged in something That's worth it. And I say, well, like, I try to. I'm not a, like a casual optimist about these sorts of things. I mean, one of the things I do in 12 rules for life is lay out the rationale that drives people like the Columbine High School killers, because I understand that rationale. I've studied it for a long time. I know why they did what they did. And they have a powerful argument. But it's wrong. But you don't. There's no sense in showing how it's wrong before showing that it's a powerful argument. Like life is suffering, there is lots of malevolence, it's no wonder that people want to bring being itself to a halt, they want to take revenge on it's not surprising. It's the wrong way of going about it. The right way is it's akin to the sorts of things that you were just observing is, you take on a difficult task that pushes you past where you are already. And you you succeed in it, and you get this sense that yes, that was worthwhile. It's like, that's what you want. You want to live in that place where things are worthwhile. That's paradise on earth. That's what that is. And it isn't some happy little place where you know, someone's feeding you peeled grapes, that isn't what it is. It's more like, it's my more like victory on the honorable battlefield or something like that. You

have the perception that people have ultimate success and ultimate happiness is it seems motivated by what they don't have, rather than an understanding of what success and happiness really is. Their ideas that one day, I'm going to go and I'm going to be in my golden years, and I'm just going to be it'll sit around and do nothing until everybody to fuck off. You will be happy.

Yeah, I talked to one of the people that I was working with who had like a vision for retirement. He said, What what's your vision for retirement? Well, I see myself in a beach, you know, some tropical country drinking margaritas and I thought, first, that's what I plan as a travel poster. It's like, okay, let's, let's walk through this. Alright, so you go down to this tropical country, and you go sit on the beach, and you have a margarita. It's like, okay, well, how many margaritas? Like 10 Okay, so we're gonna do that. We're gonna do that for six months. You'll be dead. Yeah, well, you'll be this like pathetic. sunburned like fat. Yeah, unhappy hungover.

surronding.

Yeah, yeah, it's like, that's good. So how long can you have a margarita on a beach? Like maybe you can do that once every six months for like, 10 minutes, something like that. It's not a vision.

It's true. But when you are working and slaving away you think about that beach with your feet up. Yeah. And the waiter comes over. Would you like another Margarita? Mr. Peterson? Yeah, yes, I would absolutely like, right.

Right, exactly. But it's it's like the 16 year old fantasy of paradise. It's like, well, yes. And it just doesn't work out. So yeah. And and the thing that the thing is, is that the thing that sustains people through life really is the lifting of a worthwhile burden. It's something like that. And it's partly because we're social animals, right? It's like we're evolved to be useful to the people around us, because they're much more likely to let us live if we're like that. Yeah. So. And it's been very fun talking to especially talking to young men about this, it's like, well, and that's the other thing too is I think the world, the world is full of darkness, let's say. And we could say each of us have a little bit of light. And if we released that light, if we let it shine properly, Christ, it's too cliche to go on with in some sense, but the world is a lesser place, if you do not reveal from within yourself what you have to reveal. And the fact that the world is a lesser place actually turns out not to be trivial. Like if you aren't everything you could be more people will die, more people will suffer more evil will be unconstrained, more tyranny will reign, more chaos will remain chaotic and dangerous. All of that.

Do you mean this by this in the sense of like the old proverb of the wings of a butterfly fluttering become a hurricane.

It's something similar to that. But it can even be more local. It's like, your family is more messed up than it could be if you were less messed up than you are, right? So if you just got your act together, like 10%, more, your family would be 1%. Better, right? It's like, well,

do it and that would ripple off and people that they are yes, interact, yes. And

it ripples fast. Yes. That's the other thing that's so cool. Is that, like, people think, well, there's 7 billion of us. And each of us is just this separate dust Mote like floating in the cosmos, and what the hell difference? Does it make what you do anyways? It's like, that is not how we're connected. It's like, you're the center of a network. And, you know, while you know, way more people than this, but let's say typically, you know, without you're going to know, 1000 people in your life well enough to have an impact on them. Okay? And each of those 1000 people is going to know 1000 people. So you're one step from 1,000,002 steps from a billion. And we are network technically, that's how human interactions work. And so when you do something that you shouldn't do, it's worse than you think. And when you do something that you should do, it's better than you think. And so you think, well, this is why I've been telling people clean up your room. is like, well, your room is actually network too, it's not that easy to clean up your room to set it. So you want your room to be set up so that when you walk in there, it tells you to be better than you generally are. It's organized, it's got direction, everything's in its place, you try to do that in a chaotic household. You know, I've watched people do this, because I had students do these sorts of things, as assignments, I'd say, look, pick a small moral goal, clean up your room, and just write down what happens as a consequence. So maybe these are students in a chaotic household, the whole place is a bloody mess, no one's taking any responsibility for anything. And so they decided they're gonna start to clean up their room. And then the people in the household notice, well, the first thing they do is get pissed off. It's like, Who do you think you are? Like, you think you're better than us? is like, Why do you think this is worthwhile, who made who died made you, God, all of that. So just by trying to organize this little part of their life, they immediately run into the people whose actions they're casting in a dim light by trying to improve themselves to some degree, they might have to have like a thorough war in their household to be allowed to do something as simple as keeping the room orderly, they find out very rapidly, that a that's way more difficult than it sounds and B, that the consequences of it are far more far reaching than people think. So that's quite fun. No, because maybe part of it is is that, like, everything around you is full of potential, everything, maybe more potential than you could ever possibly utilize. And so maybe all you have is this little rat hole of a room in some rundown place in the world. It's like, fix it up. There's more there than you think. See what happens if you fix it up. And you'll fix yourself up simultaneously, because you have to get disciplined in order to fix up the room, then you have a fixed up room, and you'll be a more fixed up person. It's like, you think that nothing will happen as a consequence of that. It's like all hell break loose as a consequence of that. It's worth trying,

it is worth trying. And it's a concept that seems alien to people. But if you think about it, it makes sense. Well,

people don't take what they have right in front of them seriously enough, it's like the wasting time thing. They don't do the arithmetic. You know, when they also don't understand. They devalue what they have right in front of them, like another. Another client I worked with was having a hard time putting his kid to bed at night. And so we did the arithmetic. It's like, well, I'm fighting with my kid for 45 minutes a night trying to get him to go to bed. Okay, so let's analyze that. Alright, so what does that mean? Well, it means that both of you end the day upset. That's not so good. Because why would you want that? It means that you're spending 45 minutes fighting, when you could spend 20 minutes doing something positive like reading to them, say means that you don't get to spend that time with your wife. So she's not very happy with you. Plus, you're annoyed because you don't see her plus, you blame it on the kid because he's the proximal cause. It's like that's pretty damn ugly. And then, and then let's do the arithmetic. It's like seven days a week, 45 minutes a day, let's call that five hours, 20 hours a week. 240 hours in a year, it's six, you're spending a month and a half of workweeks fighting with your four year old son think you're gonna like them. You don't like anyone you spent a month and a half a year fighting with. It's a bad idea. Fix it. It's important. Get him to bed, make it peaceful. You do it like these things that repeat every single day. That's a motif in this book to your life isn't margaritas on a beach and in Jamaica, that happens now in that those are exceptions. Your life is how your wife greets you at the door when you come home every day. Because that's like 10 minutes a day, your life is how you treat each other over the breakfast table. Because that's an hour and a half or an hour, every single day. You get those mundane things, right, those things you do every day, you concentrate on them, and you make them pristine, it's like, you got 80% of your life put together, these little things that are right in front of us. They're not little, that's the first thing. They are not little and they're hard to set, right. And if you set them right, it has a rippling effect and fast to way faster than people think. I

want to talk about the rippling effect, because I know you got to get out of here at one. But I want to talk about the rippling effect that you have had on people and how how that makes you feel. I mean, you were relatively unknown, just a year and a half, two years ago. And now you have become I mean, for lack of a better term, you're an online celebrity. And your your reach is fantastic. Now this thing that you were talking about, about how your impact can affect the people around you in a not very, not insignificant way, a very significant way. What does that been like for you? What does that adjustment than like, I

haven't adjusted to it? How old are you? 55 So

for 53 years, you're relatively anonymous, other outside of university. Yeah,

yeah. I had a little bit of, you know, a little bit of exposure. I did some work with a public television station in Canada and you know, I had my little flashes of public appearances. That's sort of hard to

know. Yeah. This is just crazy. What you've done on this show mean? Millions. Yeah. million people have listened and watched each each sing each individual episode.

Yeah, they're about 2 million views each and then about

that's nothing compared to YouTube. YouTube is nothing compared to the audio.

Yeah, so the audio is like five times that or something. Yeah. So So that's yeah, it's completely crazy. I know, I haven't adjusted to it. It's like, I don't know. I mean, have you adjusted to your status?

I'm numb. Yeah. So

what's what's what's it like? When you think about it, you wake up in the morning, and you think, Okay, I'm gonna get a billion downloads this year, I don't

think that I think I'm going to talk to Jordan Peterson, what I want to talk to you about that's,

that's how I handle it. It's exactly the same thing. For the last 15 months, this is what I've done. Got up in the morning. I've looked at the, like, 25 things I have to do in a mad rush before seven o'clock at night. I think I'm going to go through them and I'm going to concentrate on them do the best job I can, then it's seven o'clock tonight, I'm going to have a rest. I'm going to take a look at what I have to do tomorrow. And I'm going to do the same thing. That's what I've been doing. And then when I stand back a little bit like when it sort of dawns on me, you know, then it's disconcerting. It's surreal. I can't figure it out. I can't understand it. But then I, but there's no sense dwelling on that. Because, first of all, I don't know how to conceptualize that. I don't know why it's happening exactly. Like I think what's happened is that two things. One is that I said it, there was something I wouldn't do with regards to this legislation. And I meant it. I actually meant it, I wasn't going to use those words, under legal compulsion, period, no matter what, and actually meant that so there was that. But then I think the more relevant thing is that I've been studying these old stories, these archetypal stories for a very long period of time. And they have power, they really have power. And they manifest themselves everywhere. They manifest themselves in movies, and in books. I mean, Harry Potter is a mythological story, and it made Roland richer than the Queen of England, you know, these stories have power. And I was fortunate enough to study a large number of people, large number of scholars who knew what that power was Carl Jung In particular, and I could make it more accessible to people. And so that's a big part of it. But what the overall significance of that is? Well, I just, it just leaves me speechless. I mean, this Kathy Newman things a good example. And I mean, so many things have happened, I've got got involved, I've been in a scandal of some sort. A serious scandal of some sort, probably every three weeks, for a year and a half. You know, and there are things that are just, well, the James d'amour thing is a good example of that, like, that's a big deal, you know, that that explosion that that emerged around him and the court case that's coming out of it, it's a big deal. And this thing with Lindsey Shepard, that was the worst scandal that ever hit a Canadian university. And then the result of protests and, and then there was what happened with with channel for the UK. And it's like, I don't know what to make of it. I don't, what, what I'm trying to do is have a good conversation when I come and talk to somebody like you where we can have a good conversation. I'm trying not to say anything stupid. That's really what I'm trying to do is to not say anything stupid. That's hard or too stupid. Yeah. Well, it's been high stakes poker. Yeah. You know, for it's not quite so bad now. Because especially after what happened with Channel Four. And some journalists, like people have been trying to take me out for quite a long time. And it's not, it isn't working.

So far, you're actually you actually believe what you're saying? And it actually makes

sense. Well, you know, that's, that's not a bad start. It's

not a bad start. But it's rare in this world. This is a, especially in these ideologically charged times, yeah, this toxic tribalism that we keep bringing up. It's

well, and I also decided, like a long time ago, and I, I think this runs through 12 rules for life as well, I believe that people's decisions tilt the world towards heaven or hell, I think there's no more accurate way of describing the consequences of each of your decisions then that you face potential. That's what you face. That's what you face in the world is potential. It's not material reality, its potential. And every decision you make, you're deciding whether you want to make the world better or worse. And if you like, the ultimate better is heaven. And the ultimate worse is hell, we know how to make the world into hell. We've done that multiple times, much of the 20th century was that, like, I looked at all that and I thought, okay, I would rather that the world didn't degenerate into hell. And I understand why people want it to degenerate into hell. They're angry. They're angry because they suffer. They suffer unfairly. And they suffer because people hurt them. And so they think this is a bad game. I'm not going to help make it better. I'm an I agree I'm gonna make it worse even. That's what the Columbine kids did. You know, that's what all the mass shooters do. They say To hell with this. I hate it.

They're so far behind the game. They just want to flip the table. Yeah,

yeah. Worse than that. They want to obliterate the game. Yes. And they want to do it with as much malice as possible just to obtain revenge. And I understand that. But I decided a long time ago that I would rather not play that game. I think I think that it's possible that we could make the world better. I really believe I believe that too. So I think well, so I, I'm trying to tell people look, there's more to you than you think. There's more potential, there's more than enough potential to go around. There's definite suffering and malevolence in the world, we could fix it. You haven't got anything better to do. That's

a very big point that there's more potential to go around more than more than people understand that we're not going to run out of potential we're not. And this idea of the famine thinking is one of the reasons why people get upset at other people's success. They think somehow another this other person's success, take something away from them. Yep.

Yeah, well, there's and it's the other thing, too, is that I've realized that people actually act like what they confront in the world is potential. It's so funny, because whatever potential is, it's it's not materially measurable. But if you tell someone, you're not living up to your potential, they go, Yeah, well, I know that it's like, what, what is that potential that you're not living up to? And then when you say, well, there's potential in front of you, you know, that you can walk out on the street and you go right or left, or straight ahead, like, you're facing this thing that isn't fully formed. And you get to decide how it's going to form. And you can make it better. And so my question is, like, the world is a rough place, there's no doubt about it. It's a harsh place. But my question is, what would happen if we stopped making it worse? How good could it be, if we stopped making it worse? And I don't know if there's an upper limit to that. Like it might be, maybe we could make it really, really, really good? Why not? And we don't have anything better to do than that. It's like a midheaven. Start at home. A midheaven. Tell the truth. Let's see what the hell happens. You know, like, it's it is the case, clearly on the facts of the matter. In 20 years, there wouldn't have be a single person in the world that was hungry. In 20 years, we could get rid of the five biggest diseases that currently plague the planet. We could straighten things up. And God only knows what things could be like that. Or we could let the whole thing degenerate into hell. So an each of us is making that decision with each decision. That's the other thing that I've understood. So

take your choice, you want hell or you want heaven? If you pick help, just remember. You knew what you were doing when you picked it.

But nobody picks out? Yeah, sort of let it slide. Yeah. But

they do it because they blind themselves. You know, you know, when you do it, you say, Well, you know, I let that slide, then you and then you don't think about it. It's like, you could think about it. You could think about it, you could know. But you don't let yourself know.

Is any of this all all the pressure in the scandal every three weeks? Is this. This? Is it weigh on you? Is it is it difficult? How are you feeling like when when I'm feeling stretched thing?

Strike? Yeah, it's like, it's like simultaneously the worst possible thing and the best possible thing that could happen? Well,

financially. It's been a boom, right? Yes. It's which we

do. Well, yes. I mean, the thing that I've, I shouldn't say this, but I'm going to because it's just so goddamn funny. I can't help but say, I figured out how to monetize social justice warriors. That is what it is. I do. It's so funny. It just can't believe it. Either way, it just, every time. I think that well. It's just one of the surreal circumstances that characterize my life. It's like I'm driving the social justice activists in Canada mad because if they let me speak, then I get to speak and then more people support me on Patreon. It's like, That's annoying. It's like god damn capitalist. He's make more money off this ideological warfare. It's like, okay, fine. Let's go protest. So they go protest me, then that goes up on YouTube. And then my patron account goes way up. So it's like, they don't know what to do when so one of the things they keep they keep accusing me of, like hauling in the loot. And I think, Well, look, here's the situation, guys. I give away everything I do online, for free. It's free. And people are giving me money. They're just sending it to me. I'm not twisting, they're not even asking them for it. Well, I guess that's not exactly right, because I set up the Patreon account, but that's more complicated than it looks that a lot of that was curiosity. And I thought, well, I could increase the production quality of my online videos was also the potential you being removed from the university there. Yes. Well, that and that was real attention. Oh, yeah. Oh, and yeah, people wanted that. Yeah, they haven't stopped wanting that. Yes. In October, when the Lindsay Shepard scandal broke, and it looked so bad for the left wing ideologues like 200, University of Toronto, community members signed a petition to get me fired again. And I was kind of upset about that. And this is what my life has been like. And so my son came over that day, and I said, Jesus, Julian, you know, like 200 people at the faculty member at the University of Toronto, petition, the Faculty Association, and then they sent in a petition for the administration to get me fired. It was the Faculty Association, that's my union, they didn't even contact me. And Julian said, don't worry about it, that it was only 200 people. And I thought, that's what my life is like. It's like a day where 200 people signed a petition to get me fired as a professor. My son can come in and say, well, that's not so bad. It's like it's only 200. pay scales. That's right. It's so it's so surreal, because

you could say that online, and look what's happening, and then the support would be overwhelming. Who knows how many people? Well, the administration times of that? Yeah, absolutely.

Well, in the administration at the University of Toronto, like they didn't take, they didn't take it seriously at all called have me removed. It didn't cause any didn't even cause a ripple.

Now, who are these 200 people and what was their motivation? Oh, well,

they're hard to say what their motivations?

Are they read the transcript or listen to those recordings. Yeah. How could they possibly be against you? Based on that? Oh,

because they think that the people who who conducted the Inquisition, were right. Well, that madness? Oh, yes. It but did look, look, I mean, I mean, this formally, like 20 members of Pim, lots and Ramba counters, faculty, that was communications at Wilfrid Laurier wrote a letter supporting them. So that's why it's not an isolated incident. It's like no, no, they thought that what they were doing was right. It's mass hysteria. Yeah. Well, there is an element of that, that's for sure.

And there's certainly again, I hate to bring this term up again, but this toxic tribalism thing, it's like they're they're supporting their own. And they understand that their own ideologies have been completely connected to the same type of group thing that's going against Lindsey Shepard and that meeting. Oh, yeah.

When they tried to paint her as a radical right winger, and she certainly isn't, of course, no, neither.

You mean, the whole thing is ridiculous. And you're not all right. You're not a neo Nazi. You know, I've I've read a lot of crazy things about you. And knowing you personally seeing this stuff, I'm like, this is this is a fascinating time.

That's for sure. That's for sure. Yeah. And it's been well, it's been crazily. Well, I'm, what would I say crazily stressful? It's, it's the best way to describe it is surreal. Yeah. Like I'm, it's like, I stepped outside myself. I can't. I can't put this in a box. I don't know what to make of it. I don't know what to make of the channel for interview. You know, it's like what the hell? Really, it's, it's crazy.

But it's this, these conversations are so limited by what you were saying before that they're trying to get this five minute soundbite in and that's what television has become? Yeah, it's a dying medium. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense to sandwich these commercials in every 15 minutes, or whatever they do. None of it makes any sense. It's an archaic way of communicating ideas. Yeah.

Well, I think that is part of it, too. Is that like, I happened to catch a technological wave? Well, like you did, you know? Yeah, I mean, they're, they're television offers nothing. over YouTube. Nothing.

You can do to my TV. Yeah, well,

exactly. Yeah. And there's no space requirements on YouTube. So you don't have to do this, twist the complex event into a short soundbite and entertain everyone, right. And it turns out to that there's this huge audience online for actual content, like, just genuine conversation, because like one of the things that's happened between you and I, when I've come down here, we've actually had a conversation, right? We're trying to figure things out. You know, we've got our viewpoints and everything. But we're basically I outlined this and there's a chapter in 12 rules for life called assume that the person you're talking to might know something you don't, which is like the formula for a good conversation. It's like, there's a bunch of things I don't understand about the world. I mean, that's a big book, things I don't understand about the world, right? That's a very thick book. And I can come in here and talk to you about what's going on. And hopefully we both emerge with better understanding. We're not the same people that we were when we walked in. And that's a good thing. And then we have those conversations online and people can participate in that. And I'm trying to do that in my lectures too. Like when I when I did this biblical series, because that was another thing that was so strange, Joe, it's like, imagine I walked into a, like a venture capitalist, organized organization. I said, Look, I want you guys to bankroll me. I'm going to do 15 lectures on the Old Testament, and I'm going to try to attract young men. I'm going to rent a theater. Like they just laughed me out of there. See, can you imagine and anything less saleable than that. So, but I did that I went ahead with it. I rented the theater. And then I walked through the stories. And I was learning a lot because like I knew this first stories in Genesis up to the flood, I knew them pretty well. I knew kind of understood what they meant. But then all the stories from Abraham onward, I had read them, but I hadn't done detailed in depth analysis. And so I was learning a tremendous amount walking through those stories. And they had a big, they've had a big impact man. And so I'm going to do Exodus soon, because I want to do that. But it's just another example of how surreal things have become. But also the use the utility of a good conversation, because like when I'm up on on, on the podium, say lecturing, I'm not exactly electric. I'm trying to figure something out. And sharing that process with the audience, which

is so different than what is going on in universities, that is freaking everybody out and see what what's going on. Is this indoctrination into this group thing? Yeah.

It's like, here's what's right, memorize it, right. It's like, my lectures are more like, well, I don't know what's right. Like, here's some things I know. And they seem to be working. And here's how I use those tools to dig up this story. And here's what it might mean. And this is what I got from it. And here's some universal truths about human beings that seem to be and then I tried to explore that. It's like, Well, should we believe this? Should we like that? When Abraham in the Abrahamic story, for example, I mean, Abraham is an old guy, and he's basically lived in his mom's basement. That's, that's really the beginning of the story. And he gets a call to adventure. You know, God says, we'll get get away from your family and your kin get out there in the world. It's the call to adventure. Think, okay, fine. That's a heroic motif. But then Abraham goes out and the first thing he encounters is like tyranny and starvation, and then a bunch of guys who want to steal his wife. So it's it's been entertaining to take those stories apart and to see why they're foundational, because they are foundational, and they're not mere ignorance. That what, whatever they are ignorant superstition is not the right category.

How has this changed your classrooms?

Well, I haven't gone back teaching since all of this hit because when did you stop teaching? Well? Oh, no, I guess that's not true. That's not true. I taught from January to May of 2016. Well, first way it it changed it was that I was like so. So shell shocked when I went to to teach last January that and I was really sick. Like I was really sick this year. Like last January, Jesus, it was just dismal. I wouldn't have worst wish that on my worst enemy. I had three weeks where I didn't sleep a wink, you try that that's really entertaining. For one long day of misery. That's three weeks long, but

kind of a an illness. It looks like

an autoimmune disorder.

Do you think this is because of stress? No, I don't you don't think it's connected at all? Well, yeah,

I think it probably made it worse. But no, it's something that I battled with for a long time. And it's something that really, both my wife and I have autoimmune illness. And my daughter got what, um, you know, I don't know exactly what it is. I don't know what it is. Have you? My daughter is manifest. Yes. That's what's fixed. What fixed it? Oh, all I eat is meat and greens. That's it. No juice, no, no vegetables, no carbohydrates meet grades. That's it. And that fixed it. That seems to have fixed it. Yeah. This

is so many. Well, I can tell you if you've listened to the podcast I've done Yeah,

well, I've been following them because my daughter has a blog too called Don't eat that. And my daughter had a terrible, terrible autoimmune disorder. It was awful. I detail that out in chapter 12. She had 38 affected joints. And she had her hip and her ankle replacement. She was 16 teasin. So she walked around on two broken legs for a year in excruciating pain. She was on extremely high doses of opiates. And so she was addicted to opiates, which she like she just once she had her surgery, she just went off them cold turkey and like suffered through the withdrawal for two months, compared to what she had been through. That was nothing like what she went through, man, you It was dreadful. And that was just the surface of it. Like that was only the beginning of her illness. She had all sorts of other things that were worse than that. And so and we figured she was probably going to die by the time she was 30. Because my cousin's daughter had a similar autoimmune problem. And she died when she was 30. So it was bloody dreadful. But she figured out at one point that it was associated with diet, and then she went on a radically restrictive diet. And she Christ she she was on antidepressants. She's not she had take Ritalin to stay awake. She could only stay awake about six hours a day and she had take high doses of Ritalin. She, what is this autoimmune disease? Well, she had that her diagnosis was rheumatoid arthritis, right? But she didn't have the blood markers for it, but she had all the other symptoms. Anyway, she she figured out this restrictive diet she only ate chicken and broccoli for about two months, and almost all her symptoms went away. And she's pretty much same. Free now, which is it's a complete miracle. And she convinced me to try this diet about a year and a half ago. And so I lost seven pounds a month for seven months. That was the first thing, which was just bloody amazing. Yeah, it was unbelievable. It was unbel I couldn't believe it. You know, you

was your diet rich and refined carbohydrates before the

rich enough? Yeah, rich enough, you know,

pastas and bread, bread, bread, bread, in particular ate a lot of bread.

So the first thing that happened was I quit snoring that happened immediately. Took took one week, and I was snoring quite badly that so that disappeared in a week. And that was amazing. I thought, Oh, that's interesting. And then I had gastric reflux disorder that went away. And then I lost seven pounds. The first month, I thought, Oh, that's a lot. Seven pounds. I had psoriasis that went away and floaters in my right eye, which is also an autoimmune problem that went away. I have had gum disease for 30 years. That went away. That went away. That's amazing. I'm 55 like my gum disease went away. It's ridiculous. So I figured all that out. So my life in the last year, it was so so strange, because I get up in the morning. And I think, God, all these bloody scandalous things are happening around me. And I have to deal with that. And then I think I need a break. But I can't eat anything. I can't eat anything. Because if I ate the wrong thing, it would like knock me out for a month. So I was trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with my diet. And I was feeling wretched. And so it's like, if I was like wolves at the back door and crocodiles at the front door, something like that. So but, but whatever. Like, I'm down to the same weight. I was when I was 25. Wow. Yeah, no kidding. And I've got lots of energy. I wake up in the morning, and I wake up that's never happened to me my whole life. I've always had to have a shower like took me an hour to wake up my whole life. That's gone. I'm not hungry. I don't have hypoglycemia. I've lost energy. I can't eat anything but so I can't go

out for dinner. But you can't eat nonsense you can eat I mean, I'm on the same diet eat meat and greens, man. I don't have a disorder like you did in the same regard. But I take a day where I have a cheat day. No, I don't even do it every week. Well have a cheeseburger or something like that. Yeah, but for the most part, that's the diet that I follow as well.

Yep. Well, for some people, it seems like like Well, for a massive amount of pain. Well I think for far more people than we know I think people are carbohydrate poisoning themselves like they can't believe

yes and along with all the other things that go along with it insulin Yeah, you know that all high blood sugar is not good cholesterol in this this idea that cholesterol and saturated fat are the problems that people are experiencing. It's not true. No, the real problem is sugar and cholesterol has been demonized because I'm sure you read the article The New York Times about the sugar industry paid off scientists to lie about the results. Yeah,

yep. Well I know to that to food scientists in the UK resigned about three years ago. They were they were part and parcel of the organization that it produced the food pyramid they said it was the worst public health disaster the last 40 years. They've pretty much got it backwards. Yeah. And you look around you know you drive through the US it's really obvious in the US is people are overweight like Matt

like now. Yeah, like crazy. It's crazy. Nicholas got a Disney Disneyland Yeah, exact it's insane. It is but

you know, the reason is, as far as I can tell. The reason is, is that they're they're poisoning themselves with carbohydrates. That's what

it looks like. And the thought process is so out of out of whack. I retweeted an article today from Nina Ty Schultz. She she tweeted it about this trend of eating only egg whites and how terrible it is for you. So it's a health disaster. And this idea that cholesterol from the egg yolk is bad for it's one of the most important things you can eat and it's and then weightwatchers is adjusted Yeah, so he goes Weight Watchers diet program now adjust their approach their protocol, and they say that eat all the eggs you want. It is now a zero point food, which is fucking incredible.

So and the way I don't get hungry is I eat a lot of oil, like a lot of olive oil. Yes. So and that that keeps that

so you're basically burning fat. You're on to like a ketogenic diet.

Yeah. Yeah. And it seems to be well, and that was complex. That would have been complicated enough to keep me occupied for the last two years, especially sorting it out with my daughter because she Well, that was quite a bloody nightmare. I can tell you, it was really something, but I can't believe she figured it out. It's amazing. It is amazing. And like she's really she's in pretty damn good shape. She just had a baby like five months ago. So that was that's amazing to hear. We're we're stung man. We're stunned because like it was it was rough. Well,

she sounds like an incredibly she is a tough cookie. That girl sounds like it. Yeah. Many people are experiencing the same revelation that their diet has killed look, I was tired all the time. I wouldn't hit a net. I mean, I was always very very active. So I stayed lean because of My physical activity but by the end of the day, I need a nap. Yeah, I would always take a nap before I'd go to jujitsu. I was like, I have to take a nap or I can't train. Because of carbohydrate. I

had to nap about two hours a day. And now I don't nap at all

me too. Well, same thing. That's

not exactly true. When I've been zooming around. I take like two minute naps when I'm in the airport or whatever.

Oh, that's also you're probably not getting enough sleep. Yeah, right. Exactly. Difference. Exactly.

So yeah, it's been it's been remarkable. So.

So why did you stop teaching? Oh, well,

I took a sabbatical. Because of all this. Yeah. Well, I told the I told my department chair said, Look, I had a sabbatical coming up next year. I said, Look, you know, there's too much going on. It'd be better. If I take a sabbatical this year, then I can concentrate on my teaching next year.

So you take the entire year off? Yeah. So you're about a month in? Yeah, yeah.

Well, and I always teach from I put all my courses from January to March, I teach all them in the same semester. And that, like, enabled me to concentrate on my research and for the rest of the time. And so, technically, I'll be going back teaching in January of 2019. Technically, technically, you're not convinced, well, I can't think a year ahead at the moment, right? I don't know what the hell's going like, I'm not gonna go back and teach the same way, right? Because, see, at some point, the technological transformation means you have to approach things differently. And so now, if I do a lecture, online, whatever the lecture happens to be, I can get 150,000 people to watch it. That's minimum. So the first question would be, well, why would I teach 300 people when I could teach 150,000? That's just stupid. Who

would do that? Those same 300 People who are also have access to the 100? Well,

exactly. That's right. That's exactly it. And the next thing is, well, I taped my maps of meaning class and my personality class for three years running. It's like it's there. Well, I could do it again. But why it's taped, I would rather lecture about new things. So that's what I did. This year, I did this biblical series, which I hadn't done before. But now if I'm going to lecture again, I'm going to lecture about different things, because because the technology has transformed the landscape. We're not in 1990 anymore. We're not even a little bit. Right. So and

this is something that brought up to Brett Weinstein, and I'm hoping he falls along the same line. Brett Weinstein, not Steen, I make that mistake. Often. Sorry, Brett. But same thing, brilliant guy restricted by his university, big scandal, yep, leaves. And I'm hoping he follows the same path because he has so much to offer. And he has so much to offer for anybody who can get online. Well,

and one of the things that's really fun about YouTube, that and having my lectures on YouTube is that the only reason people watch them is one reason is because they want to learn. That's it. Right? And so it's you might think, Well, where is the university? Well, the university is where people want to learn, right? It's like, okay, well, YouTube is the university because there's hundreds of 1000s of people on YouTube, maybe millions, who just want to learn, it's like, fine. I'm an educator, I'll talk to people who want to learn, because if you're an educator, that's what you do, is that most effectively done in universities? Not self evidently. And so now I'm trying to figure this out, you know, like, I like my job at the university. And u of t has treated me well apart from this scandal thing, but they were kind of taken aback by they didn't know what to do about that, you know, it was a new law. And when I made the video criticizing Bill C 16. I said, I think that making this video is probably illegal in and of itself.

Was there controversial moments in your career before that? No.

Wow. No, I mean, it's surprised me because I've always, I would say that the content of my lectures has been a typical, but it's been a typical in a good way, like the student responds to my lectures has always been, well, extremely good. Extremely good. I'm always surprised that I was able to teach what I'm teaching, because I always thought that it was, like insanely revolutionary. But it was revolutionary in a really, like, in a scholarly way. You know, like, I'm a careful scientist, I'm a careful thinker, I think things all the way through to the bottom. And I'm really self critical. Like, when I wrote maps of meaning, which was my first book, I suspect I rewrote every sentence at least 15 times, it's probably more than that. And I really literally mean rewrite it. So I take the sentence out of the paragraph, put it in another document, write like 10 variants of the sentence, and then pick the one that was best. And I did that, like it took me 15 years to write. I did that over and over and over. And so what I was, I'd write a sentence and then I think, okay, have I got all the words right? Every single word is that the proper words the proper phrase is the proper sentence. Do I believe that this sentence is true? Then I'd think like, have 10 ways I could attack it and see if I could break it apart and find out what it was wrong and only kept the ones I couldn't destroy, and like I was going out full force to destroy them because I wanted to come up with a, you know, come up, I wanted to produce a book that I could not break no matter what I did. And so I spent 15 years on that. And then that was the basis Well, it's the basis for 12 rules for life, it's been the basis for all the lectures I've done, and so forth. And like, I can't see where it's wrong. And mostly what I was trying to do is to see where it was wrong. And I can't get underneath it, I can't break it. That's what's so fascinating

to me about all this stuff. And not to not to overly exaggerate the significance of this, but just to be completely honest about it. You're the right guy for the job. And it's sort of found you, it's real weird, because there's not a lot of people that are that meticulous about their thoughts and about their work and about their writing and about their criticizing their own ideas to the point where they break them down, try to break them apart, I

had a big problem. So when I when I started to write maps of meaning, I thought, Okay, what's the situation? This is the Cold War, we've divided into two armed tribal camps. And we've decided that settling the difference between us is worth risking being itself, we could we could drive everything into extinction, we're willing to take that chance, what the hell is going on? So I wanted to know two things. What was truly driving the tribalism of the Cold War, including its including the generation of that vast nuclear arsenal, because that just seemed to me to be insanity taken to the final pinnacle. So I wanted to know that, and I wanted to know, okay, having figured out why that's happening, what could be done about it, so it would stop. And at the same time, I was also studying what had happened in Auschwitz, and with the Nazis and all of that. And so it was a very serious problem. And I actually wanted to have the answer, I actually wanted the answer. I didn't want to write an interesting book about it. It wasn't even that I wanted to write a book Exactly. Who was just writing a book was the best way to figure out the problem, because it's, it's writing a book is so rigorous, you know, because you think but you can only remember so much. You have to write it down. Because then you can remember way more and you can write and then the next day, you can go back and think, Okay, I'm going to take that goddamn argument apart, and see if there's anything about it, that's weak. And so, and I think I did figure it out. I think I didn't figure it out. So and then when I when I well, and then I started lecturing about it. And the lectures were always unbelievably well regarded, like people, the kids in the classes would always write for the evaluations at the end of the year, 80% of them would say, and this happened for 20 years to say this class changed everything about the way I look at the world. It's like, yeah, that's what happened to me, too. When I wrote that book. It's like, I didn't think the same way at all. When I was done. I started to understand what these ancient stories meant was like, shocking, never recovered from it. Wow.

Listen, you're out of time. Thank you always 12 rules for life, an antidote to chaos. Jordan Peterson.

I made a I made a discount for your viewers again for the future authoring program.

Okay, so what do they have to do Rogan? Just use Rogan? And how do they get to the website? 104 three.com.

Okay, yeah, yeah. And I'll send you a link for that. Thanks a lot. Hey, and also thanks for everything. Really, you are the portal into this weird world that I'm in. And that people say that all the time they come up and say like, I heard about you on Joe Rogan. It's like, and like 1000s of people have told me that. Well,

it's been an awful. It's been an honor. I appreciate it. Thank you. You bet.

ladies, gentlemen. 1000 episodes. Tom Scara Joey motherfucking Diaz, we're delayed and starting ladies and gentlemen, we did not have a lighter.

That was a real panic setting.

That's embarrassing. Yeah.

I thought I thought some shit was really gonna go down

but thank God I am petrified of earthquakes and situations. I don't put slippers on. I sleep with sneakers. Generators are generated from store water water tools. I got two weapons. I got an AR 15 been

out here for an earthquake.

One of them that didn't scare me. Yeah. But I was just sitting by the computer and I was looking at the cat bowls. Yeah, you get it. And I was looking at the cat. So the cat bowls and all sudden, the whole building tip saw the cat balls up in the air spinning and the cats running for their lives. They acted they were acting we have a couple of seconds before that. And that's why I go why are they so fucked up? Oh,

they were acting weird before the quality you're

looking at the cat bowls, dogs that they're doing that I'll send dog I just saw the cat bowls. It's like a cartoon up in the head spinning. The earthquake and the whole building shifted. I heard the bricks. The whole thing I thought about it being at night sleep apnea. You gotta have a conveyor whenever fucka and they saw they saw like for six months. You got one but everything lights on iron. It fucking cleans your water.

It's scary. When you shit. You panic about what earthquakes are likely if you when you before you move here. Yeah. And then you like I remember the first week I was here. I was in an apartment in Sherman Oaks. And I was standing at the kitchen counter of this person's apartment on their laptop doing like sending an email. And I felt a little and I go in my head I go is the subway. And I kept typing. And then he could you feel that and I was like yeah, he's like crazy, right? That's the earth shake underneath your feet. And I was like, oh, and it's like a panic sets in. You're like, oh my god, like I've actually experienced the earth moving now. And then the next step is like when you are, you're like if you're asleep and then you hear like you feel the dresser you hear the dresser or you know or, or something that's hanging on your wall bumping flux going on, takes you that extra beat to figure out you're going through an earthquake, that extra beat is fucked. It's funny. Have you been through?

Nothing big, but like fives 5.5 A couple of years. The first one I was in was an aftershock of the Northridge earthquake. I was staying in North Hollywood. And I was in this shitty apartment. It was made out of like fucking the same boxes that they used like to ship refrigerators and like literally the walls when the earthquake hit the wall just went like this. I mean, like the whole thing was just like a giant was pushing on the scariest fuck right? Yeah, well, it's humbling. Yeah. Because you realize like this is nothing this isn't a tune up the street is is a knockin over any houses. Imagine what it felt like when that big one hit and it hit for 30 seconds. 3030 seconds is so long to feel the ground moving. That's one of those people moved to Boulder. Well,

that's why I was just gonna say that. When you have that experience. There are some people that because app for a few days after northbridge there was aftershocks. Yeah. And there's people that when they look at their kids and go, I'm not going through this again. Bullshit. Yeah, working on Wilshire, big building. What if 1000 oaks? Yeah, so a lot of people just a bad that's what everybody's waiting for an earthquake here. Because then people leaving, they sell their houses for dirt cheap. does happen, we're gone. They don't ever want to experience it again. But then I see a guy like my uncle who's lived here since 55. And I've asked him Were you ever scared because you know you feel him? But

do when I first moved here before I first moved here. I was out here for meetings. And I went by section of the highway. I think it was the 10 that had collapsed. And they were moving cars around it. Yeah. And as we're Is this what happened? What is this an apartment building

that collapsed? Just north Quidditch earth? Well, there's

the Northridge one. Yeah, dude, that was a fucking serious earthquake, man. Yeah, like fucking serious. And when I was driving by this one section of the highway, it collapsed on the lower section. And I remember thinking that's just shit luck. Like this right here. Yeah, like you could be there. And that is just Shitload is really blam. That thing lands on you and that's how you go. That's how I'm

sorry. I am a hard working individual. I really tried to do anything I could help myself. But when people call me, tell me they want me to go to a meeting in Santa Monica. after like three unless I'm picking up an envelope. I tell them In November that kids won the Oscar for Modern Family. And he said I was always the guy that went to Ocean Avenue with five for those auditions. Yeah. You deserve an Oscar. Because when you switch from the 10 to the 405, you got to wait on that ramp.

First World privilege right there. Hi.

And you're in the middle of that ramp. Yeah, your mind starts playing. I'm telling you, I've been stuck on that ramp, and I've gone never again. Oh, man, I want to go through this ramp. I don't ever want to be in the middle of that ramp. That's not good. Not good. Your mind starts playing with you. And you remember that those images? And you go fuck that.

Okay, let me let's plan this right now. If the shit hits the fan, this thing shakes to the ground. Where are we going? Because listen, one of the main reasons why I like being in LA is because I like you guys. Yeah, so we're gonna all go like I like for real like 100% like that. That was the thing that bothered me the most about Colorado. I there was a lot of nice people out there. But I didn't know you guys weren't out there alone. It's uh, well, we'll see when we work together on the but there's something fun about running into you guys all the time. Yeah, like it makes life better we do the store the factory that and wherever we're at. It's more fun. It makes life more fun. I would do this podcast 100%

I would do it moved to Colorado. That's

what I'm talking about. That's what we do the Colorado's the right way.

You got to remember guys, it's not our decision in that it could be you go home, Mrs. Rogen sit you down and go. That's it not living. Yes, again. Yeah, yeah, that's what that's how. In fact, I pack the bags. without going to a hotel like people affects that way. Oh, yeah. Like this ends? Right today.

Yeah, with that with that earthquake. Yeah, some people

really feel it. If you feel that motherfucker. The ones that take down highways, if you feel that you'd like oh my god, this is not even a really big one. Really big ones change the shape of continents. True. I mean, that's the real fear. The real fears is a giant one like a 10 or an 11 harder

you by the way always feels kind of crazy. Like when I was growing up in Florida with hurricanes that like after a hurricane you like a we stay in after this. Like yeah, it happens all the time. That's Florida's mentality. Like we just

bought up get beer. Yeah, yeah, but there's something about a hurricane that like, for whatever reason, I feel like if you just in the basement, the top blows off the thing and you just fucking strap yourself for a wild ride at Disneyland.

But now they give you these warnings. They're like, you're definitely gonna die. And people still are like bucket. Yeah. Oh, for sure. My friend's mom. His mom is like 70 something years old. And this big one was coming there like this time we're not fucking around. This is a category five. This is going to absolutely devastate this area. And she was like, Absolutely not. I've been here 40 Some years. Nothing ever fucking happens. And he begged her and she was like no, and then and it's like you know those are always those reports are always rolling the dice because they they'll they'll say it's gonna be this bad and then it'll you know it'll turn or the land different. Yeah. And it turned into like a tropical storm. She was like see? She was like the only person that stayed like everybody else. We would always bail. I don't know if you were ever there for hurricane Yeah, but like we would always book it man. As soon as they were like, this thing is gonna land or like no, there's no way and the even driving in those tropical storms was on real men like you can't see an inch in front of the car. It's like you're driving through a carwash. We

had a stop once were you with me when Eddie did that seminar in Miami. Well we were working at West Palm did you go down with us? No. We went we at is doing a seminar in West Palm or in Miami. We're in West Palm Beach like a half hour away. So we left to go to the seminar. And we were stopped dead on the highway. You could not see an inch in front of the windshield. It's amazing. It was fucking crazy. It lasted for about 15 minutes, but it was just shot

to the sky all the time there all the time. We don't even

know what rain it No, we don't even know and I never knew growing up like in Boston growing up growing up in Boston. I never saw that. Yeah, we saw it rain. We never saw that. Like that's some next level. I haven't

really seen it duplicated since leaving.

Actual warranty. As a child I saw one bad rainstorm in Jersey with the clouds got dark. Yeah, it started hailing. Have you ever lived through halen? Yeah, right. Oh,

JC videos of when people's cars are just getting around it. Yeah. And there's one one guy had a film of a lake. They were watching it and slowly ramps up. It's like 1212 And he's like, well look at the size of this hail. And then all sudden, it's fine. It's literally being attacked with rocks from space like this. Look at this. This pool. Yeah, there's a gang of these man. But like look at this one. That's rock.

It fucks people's cars. Oh, fails Roy's destroys calm that was happening in Colorado water dude. 1000 roofers moved to Colorado because there's work for two fucking years. You get

Kansas. Look at it's getting worse. This is insane. Did you get k owed? Okay especially if you're like a little kid. Oh that's up in a five year old out and that's fucking pummeled to death. Has anybody ever died from hail? have passed have happened seems like it

the first week I moved to St. Tom segura. The first week I moved to Atlanta on Monday. And that Friday was the North Hollywood shoot up. Oh, really? I'm not sure what. That was. Monday I came in. I was living with Stanhope Yeah, went to find the job that Friday. Yeah, and there was a bunch of traffic and they were like not as North Hollywood shoot. Hollywood,

that shoot out changed policing nationwide, you know that that incident changed the way they viewed having weapons changed their training they never even competent like contemplated that people would rob a bank with like, fully automatic scenes

coming out with the body armor just walking blind

as he was laying by a car after he was hit. Shooting up at helicopters and shit. That was fucking crazy man. I remember that national news that was just like a big couldn't get on a one

on one now I was in the news radio break room. We were we were getting ready to film a scene and we were watching me and candy Alexander huddled up together going what? Everybody came in guys get in here get in here. They're all in there watching. Like what in the foot and it changed the way they what kind of tactics they use and the equipment they give police?

Absolutely. Like that

38 spec

then they still reference it all the time. I did a ride along two months ago with the Hollywood division dude and I was a guy was still talking about it's like we have this because of this shoot

out the end. You know that's a lot of people say oh man fuck in the militarization of the police man. This is there's a lot of it. That's not good. You give to people too much power. It's not good. But if some shit happens like that, they need that. Otherwise they're sitting ducks.

Yeah, you know, kind of weapons you get on the streets right now. Oh, dude. Firepower. You get on the streets from ar 15 and you get some wild shit out of the fucking street.

Yeah, all you have to do is this number. It's real quick mathematics for anybody's interested. There's 350 million people somewhere around this country. There's more guns than there are people and they're still making guns. Every day. They make guns. There's a gun making industry. It's gigantic. Yeah, they're making all kinds of guns all over the country. Right every year like every year they're making more higher tech. They're not getting rid of any guns. No, no, all those guns for toys. Oh, give back your gun and you'll get a toy. Okay. And then as you saw someone's a factory going on right now they're cranking out AR and one versus like, some rusty old 22 for

fucking handball court, you get anything except like hunting rifle.

I can't believe they're playing handball still. That's why they get dedicated to handball, who's gonna be the best when you get out of prison.

In prison, they play handball. When you get out you claim disability. You play handball, all of that. It's a cover for you. That you're half a Momo but you play handball. So guns that kill. You'll get a gun at a handball court for $50 That shot three people that God has a miss a motherfucking shot himself a motherfuck committed suicide long range but those guys don't give a fuck. They got guns that don't miss. handball courts,

did you play? You play handball in prison that you said

I played handball, like the first two weeks and it just wasn't for me. You were in Colorado. And because there was a few guys from the Bronx. Yeah. So when I went to Summit County because I was arrested in Boulder. But once you start your state sentence, they were gonna send me an in Missouri and Texas. I ended up going to Summit County. Summit County is like, we don't really have balls. Yeah. Oh, no, you could just do what you want here. Yeah, nine to 10 o'clock, the guard would go to Pathmark. That Pathmark like a supermarket Yeah, and get his chips. And so what it was like a fucking daycare. Wow.

Everyone got along pretty well. Yeah, I don't

know what to do from the Bronx that played handball, and we became friends together. He had been on the run for 12 years. But this guy was brilliant. He was fucking brilliant. Like the shit he had done. He had driven the cops crew like, What's that movie Leonardo DiCaprio gasp if you can that he was that? Right. And the final thing he did for them was they caught him and he set them up on the drugs. They're like, I read the paperwork. It was brilliant. He set him up on a drug drugs. Then he said I know why you go buy 10 kilos of coke. The cops actually gave him $250,000 cash to buy the 10 kilos of coke. He set it up with his friend to have a car behind the house. The car was empty. The house was empty. There was no cops never even did a background check to see who lived in the house. He says the house is empty. He went to the front and went out the back and do disappeared travel for 10 years. And he came back to the States because his dad died and they arrest him. Why

he two years ago

he went for like a Aruba and just played shuffleboard gamble. That's

a dark world the world of the expat. No South American tourists communities. Yeah, that's like that. resizeable to right. sighs Yeah. all over all over Mexico. There's a lot of people in Brazil and I had a friend in South America.

Dad was island hopping all throughout his adolescence, just to avoid taxes just to avoid taxes. And then the crazy thing to me is that his that they came here, like they came back eventually. And I'm like, so is he in trouble? He's like, No. How's he not in trouble? He's like, I don't know. Are they gonna catch him? He's like, What do you mean, man? Like, he's here? Like, it's a whole new identity. No, okay. Don't worry. As you pay taxes, he says he No. And he's like, he doesn't she still does spot and then my friend was still like, you know, you don't have to pay taxes. Oh, what

are those guys? Wesley Snipes? Yeah, no, he

goes, he goes, Google it. Yeah, like,

you have to pay taxes.

When that's your thing, like just look it up, man. God dammit. Pay

your taxes. lock you up. Of course, it doesn't matter if you pay them. See if you owe money to say like Exxon. You know, whatever. They'll sue you. You have to pay the money to pay the money. But if the IRS if you owe money to the IRS, they put you in a fucking cage for sure. Regardless of if you pay. Let's say you even if you agree to pay it, yeah, you're gonna go in a cage first.

Yeah, no, you pay your company money. They file a judgment against you. And they sell the paper and then you get called a comedy clubs like I used to. You know, when I first started comedy, I owed so much money that they didn't really go to a comedy club. The manager would go you just kind of call the recall. And I go Holy shit. It's HBO. Really the collections collect my mind that would go at HBO. Oh shit. Go Joe. It's the same guy. And I'd pick up the phone Joey Discover card we know we got that payment MOTHER FUCKA. They fucking figured out they have tremendous scam. So people looking for you. Yeah, they have a computer that they'll go on to see what other numbers that usually call you. And now get that number when they call you that number will come up over your caller ID they do some illegal shit when they're looking for you. But when you get a judgment from Mexico, seven years you don't pay it. It goes away. The government that judgment never goes away that and the student loan. These motherfuckers that tell student loans to suck that Dick Oh,

yeah. Student loans. They come back to the more intense

Yeah, well, you know, that's all the government as well. Right. The thing about student loans is it doesn't get erased when you go to bankruptcy. Yeah, it doesn't. So if you file for bankruptcy, anything else is gone. You know, yeah, I

pay the student loan. I thought it was cute. I picked the last one out the 2625 the minimum. Fuck you.

I've done a couple of people. They showed up

about three years ago dog with a big ol number how to get an attorney to negotiate it down and get off it. Oh, the IRS. I didn't pay taxes from 90 to 2001. What? Dog I was crazy. I was hiding I was doing I wasn't making 1000 He is a road comic. Yeah. What am I gonna file? Yeah. So I didn't file I made money one out of the 13 years. 111 years and one day I walked in downtown downtown Atlanta, we're gonna shoot me in that. I took a number. They called my name. I went back there. I told him I hadn't father 11 years. They asked me what I did. I talked to a lady for half hour she she goes, we don't go back for seven. So you got seven for years. No, they don't throw you in boat. Listen, you have to be a dumb motherfucker. For them to throw you in jail. Or you have to be a public figure. They give you every option. The public

figures you're actually worse off than if you're some just legitimate businessman. If

you're a public thing, I could go down with my attorney and say, Look, yeah, I'm gonna shoot 10 movies and

the next night they wouldn't they would not let Wesley Snipes do that, because

he gave him such At first he was telling them all this shit. That fuck rules and fuck the United States. He was just Africa and reprimand. He was talking about all that shit. And that should drive them crazy.

I don't think

he was he made a case that he didn't owe them yet. I don't

really like, Oh, you gotta go in and they'll play with you. Once you start talking about amendment 11. Right. Thomas Jefferson. reparations. Chinese. I don't give a Frenchman fuck

those people out there that convince people that they don't have to pay taxes and it's not the Constitution.

It's like they want to believe it like a conspiracy theory. You know, it might

be here's the thing. It means that you might have a legal argument, but it doesn't matter. They'll put you in a

volcanic cage tax evasion. take that money

and put you in a fucking cage and won't make any kid

from fucking the solution. What's that? That kid that we missed solution? There's a situation. Let me get the tissue from a nice guy. He's a really nice guy very nice. Wait, what happened to him? He tried to fly. He

actually didn't just not pay his taxes. There was some shenanigans made less than he actually did get

to why these Pete Rose's, they got Sinbad remember that they were putting him on the front page of the LA Times for years.

Why they'll dog

Mike The Situation, sir. This guy more charges? Yeah, including tax evasion and structuring tax

evasion. Like once you structure it, and you're the mastermind

is not a good, good,

you definitely go into the fog. The craziest

part of the story was to me that for that period that they're like hitting him up about he made $9 million. So no, I just was amazed that like from I didn't realize that from I mean, I remember that show is obviously a huge hit. But that's incredible sum of money. We should really pay

attention to this. Like today, not just his but what they can do. Because you think about what it is. We're just talking about money, right? And we're talking about some deception on his part, where he tried to keep some money. Yeah. Try and make it look like he was anybody else. Yeah, save Yeah, you're in some sort of a deal with Costco and you do some sneaky shit. And he said they they can sue you, you'll owe them and you have to pay them. But there's no threat of jail time. Right? Right. I mean, is there if you tried to like cook the books with us? Would they put you in jail? Or would they just try to

find wire fraud? They

have a lot of day Friday finds I'm guessing

the same kind of scrutiny and attention now that he's getting? No, I

think it'd be all about paying a lot of money.

Let's let's let's pretend that Mike Sorrentino says name. Let's pretend that he had some sort of a deal with Chevrolet. And, you know, he was using his name to sell cars but he was fucking around with some money and cooking the books and a little bit of this little bit of that to the same tune as what was going on with the IRS. What do you think they would do to him? Wouldn't would you even be seeing this on TV?

Now they would not be like a suit. Right?

Because the what they're saying is this guy tried to fuck the Big Daddy. Right? I mean, that's what they're showing you by showing you that Big Daddy gets mad when you try to fuck him. And in the

grand scheme of things like it's a lot of money for individual to earn but it's you know, it's not money that affects Big Daddy. Daddy's

coming after you. But here's the strange thing. Big Daddy is just people like what why do we let anything be Big Daddy? Yeah, like the we used to think of it. I think from like, almost like a primitive perspective. Like you have a king, you know, or you have a leader of a tribe. I think that's that's how people used to think of it. And used to think of all these organizations, whether it's the FBI or the DEA as being a part of that, but they're just a bunch of fucking people. Yeah, and no no person should ever be Big Daddy to the point where if you have money that's owed to someone else perhaps there's some sort of an argument that you've been deceptive, that they can just swoop down and take all your money like they lock it all up. Like they go nowhere for fucking freezing your funds like Exxon doesn't get to do that. Yes, Chevy doesn't get to do that or other corporations don't get to that but Big Daddy has the overall say if you violate Big Daddy's code, even though Big Daddy like you don't you need to get a receipt from from Big Daddy. You give big daddy half your money. And big daddy just takes him spends whatever the fuck they want. Yeah, and you know you said what? You don't think you should pay taxes you focus on me? What are you a Bernie Sanders supporter? Man saying that not even saying that? I think don't you think big data should be accountable if big data is gonna be able to just throw us in a cage because we don't give him ones and zeros. Don't think big data should be a little bit accountable. He should

be way more accountable for this way more accountable

way more. You shouldn't just you should be able to check off boxes to Yes, it'd be like, still like needs like healthcare check. Like Police Department check. Fire Department check things you we all like have to pay. Yeah. And then there should be elective things. A bunch of elective shit. You know,

I feel like they should also like our representatives should be way more willing and like actually mandated to explain in detail and like, what they're doing what they're spending on. Yeah. And I feel like a lot of you know, how to represent Congress Senate. There's just like an air of arrogance about the way that they even handle them. You know, I mean, we have power.

Of course they are big daddy.

They're big daddy. And like it's Yeah, I mean, it's the dislike aloofness that they have is like, it's always been upsetting.

It's fucking gross. No one should be big daddy. You mean the people in Congress should be humble. And, you know, that's one of the things about Obama say what you want about Obama, whether you liked his policies, as a human being that guy conducted himself better than any president ever. The way he spoke the way he interacted with people. The way he even responded to criticism. You You know, we're not just talking about US policy, you might hate the class audible. Yeah, as good as it's ever been. Yeah. Which is why this Trump thing is in such direct contrast, when he's yelling the other day at some reporter and he said, you know, you're fake news. He used that again, man. He said, Be quiet fake news or something like that. Well, I think talking about something, you know,

we can like conflate the two like if you want to take talk about policy and effectiveness of an administration and just personal conduct, like let's say you take all the politics out of it. That's what bothers a lot of people to this moment. Still, yeah. If you just even separate politics, which a lot of people are in favor of just the way he conducts himself. Some people love it. Let's let's be honest, I mean, it's very,

very small amount of people love it. But a lot of people run for president. Yeah,

yeah, he was saying before there's no debtors prison. Yeah, there's no debtors prison. When I first got into comedy, I was getting divorced. I was getting squeezed by an attorney. And as much as I never forget the first day I haven't missed sending a payment or anything like I don't know if we can have sugar right? Yeah, that my credit rating everything I worked all those years down the toilet. And then at that point, I said if I'm walking on ice I might as well dance I mean, I was just buying cars and fucking around and you know what? They couldn't throw me in jail for all that shit but what not discover closed my account. Yeah, and I went home and opened up my drawer on one of those because when you when you want coke, you get fucking Einstein. You get creative Jack. I went home and I opened up a draw and I saw those checks those three checks that discover send you Yeah, when you first went to card, get the card. I had a bank account, a bank, a boulder whatever was called I had my bat my car financed through that. I wanted that that a 24 hour drive thru. I wanted that one o'clock and sign that checkout with myself for 1000. I waited for two seconds. And also an envelope came out with 100 with 10 Hundreds. I peeled in the nine the out of the hat Monday at 901. Discover called said you got an hour to bring that fucking money back. We're gonna charge you were fraud. And I was put up against the day I went to the bank. I told him it was a mistake I didn't know. And one lady said you know what? I'll take that 1000 I'll give you the 1000 but I'm gonna put it into your car loan and raise the payments by 25 bucks for every 1000 is 25 bucks. And as the only reason why I didn't go to jail for that fucking thing. So they they don't put you in jail for being in debt. They put you in jail for deception. You know, they get athletes and entertainers. You know what their biggest downfall is? When they go to Comic Cons and those autograph signings?

Oh, they don't they don't get paid for those or they get paid. For those who don't report there's two things.

There's the people who get $5,000 flat and you take pictures all day. Then there's the people that get $10 for the t shirt and $15 for a headshot and smile. Yeah, those 15 that was going in your pocket bro. And what happens is you have to go percentage to $15 to the guy it's like when you sell merch at a comedy club now all of a sudden now they want a percentage of merch. Same thing. Well that guy reports it. But P rose I'm just saying P rose. I have nothing against ya roses, my dog. Pete Rose. We just puts 15 hours in his pocket right? Was $60 Well, he took 10 pictures. It's $150 that's how they can get you on all those autograph things right?

What's going on here?

What's this is from an article that's what he's talking about. This article is talking about walking away from ComiCon with garbage bags full of 20s This guy said he can make up to 250 grand bad shit twice he didn't feel a need for representation because he's walking out with a bag full of cash what who is he? It's like an unnamed person he's a source deeply involved

Steven are now who became so enhanced the festival business that he started zone talent agency.

The arrow the show the arrow? Okay, a comic book show on Netflix.

Wow. That's a lot of money. Yeah. That seems very strange. So

Comic Con, you pay for a booth. And then I think you give them 3% of the overall take.

Don't you think that's really bizarre having people paid to come meet you? That seems we'll strange.

I think it's weird to charge somebody for a picture and charge somebody to sign. I mean, I guess the signing thing I understand there's a bit especially in sports, you know,

you're selling a book, but Are these your thing that you're signing? Oh, whoa. $500,000 a weekend? Who the fuck gets that guy from

The Walking Dead Norman Ritas

Oh, yeah. $200,000 guarantee take

back guarantee and 500 grand a weekend. Hello

celebrities will get a flat and the ones that are on the way real low. Like if you want Lucille Ball. Like if you want happy days or something like that. They get piecework.

I just think remind them all in doing it next week, taking pictures with your mom.

You would never do this Joe Rogan. day a friend of mine called me and he goes, I was at my dad's hospital room the other day. And it was the funniest thing. Joe Rogan, Young Joe Rogan sitting around a campfire with people. He goes, I never saw that episode. And also he pulled out a bag of dicks. And he made everybody be dicks because me and my dad would fucking Howard. You know, for some people in 10 years, they're gonna come to you and say, can I give take a picture for $10? I love for your fact that we let you sit next. Picture. I understand. I think it's a bad relationship. It is. But some people that when they go to Comic Con, yeah, they take the whole savings up, they're ready to go. Now I'm sure I understand. It's a shame. I understand that shame. But I can make a living. What are you gonna do?

I don't have any problem with it. And I don't have any problem people doing it to make a living? No, no, who I was

just saying, that's how you get nails. That's how they nail you. Do

you see yourself doing that?

I'm too embarrassed.

That's what I'm saying. Listen, when

I was a coke fiend, I couldn't sell CDs after a show. So what was that tell you? Why couldn't you have I just to embarrass, I have a hard time, I'd rather shake your hand and hug you and get the fuck out. Then you not come up to me because I'm selling a $25 CD.

That's a funny thing about you, Joey. You know, I've been friends with a lot of guys that had substance abuses, like I told you about my friend Gianni, back in New York. And one thing that you both have in common is that even though you have like these issues, there was never a point where I felt like, I couldn't trust you with something. You know, like I you never would sell anybody out, you would never, you know, I'm saying like you wouldn't, you're not a type of person who would do something to hurt somebody else so that you could profit because you you were sick and you needed drugs. That was never you you always had like a strong code of ethics.

Get out that you were worth nothing. I was a job that had problems. But when I started telling people, he's a junkie, but he pays his bills. You know, like, What the fuck are you talking about? Yeah,

you're just a guy struggling in and I recognized in you a lot of what I had seen in my friend Johnny, was that there's a lot of people that are brilliant people that for some reason, the fabric of society just doesn't fit them. It just is there's something about getting up in the morning and going to a job. And you know, whatever it is about the way they were raised, the experiences they had just who they are inherently from birth, whatever the factors are, there's certain people that just can't do the regular thing. And they just need to find this other thing for you is obviously stand up. And once you found that other thing and became successful, that other thing, that's when your whole thing changed. That's when you were I mean, it was really proof positive. And for sure you learned a lot of things about life. You got older, you got wiser. You no but I think a big part of you becoming more comfortable and more relaxed and becoming who you are today. Is that you? You started becoming successful as a comedian. And when you started becoming successful as a comedian, like, like, well, 10 years ago, things started really ramping up for you. A noticeable relaxing of you noticeable change, because you you you realize like, Oh, this is what I'm supposed to be doing. The problem is when this isn't working, and then you think, well, maybe I should go back to selling cars. Or maybe I should get a job in a factory. Maybe I should. Maybe I should do something three or four nights a week, just bartender, make a little extra money, lighten up the load on the family, that when those types of things start fucking with you. And that's when you start doing coke. That's when you start going crazy. That's when you stay up late. That's when you fuck off. That's when you make big mistakes like you're unhappy. You're upset. You're in the wrong groove.

It wasn't the external struggles. As much as the internal struggles. Oh, maybe

all of it together.

This November's gonna be 10 years that I haven't done a lot of coke. I still haven't been in car. It's amazing with you the January after November. And you're you haven't done it in 60 days and I was still I wasn't sweating it out. Yeah, but I still wasn't trusting myself. Right? I thought I could snap at any minute some chicken hotbeds with a gram of coke. Yeah, you know. So I'm going you got to remember bro, for me it wasn't about success or selling tickets or for me it was just doing something with my life. Right where I've come from all I wanted was just to do something with my life. If I could pay rent feed the cats smoke pot in two spots. That's a lot better than I used to do. Yeah, that's how a lot better than the life I had. You understand me even if I don't go on the road and I'm not Louis C. K. It didn't matter to me. Just didn't have to carry a gun or worry about people knocking on my door. I was like Richard Gere, Nelson's gentleman had nowhere else to go. I got to the store and do that stupid spot at 1245. And look what happened. You just keep showing up. Yeah,

man, that was a big part of that. But another big part of it was getting you on the internet. That was the thing. So people, we got a chance to show people what I already knew. You know, like, the only way for you back then, to get exposure was you had to do something conventional. The only thing that existed, they had to put you in a movie or put you in a TV show. And you got in a few movie movies and you got on a few TV shows. But they didn't get to see you as Joey D No. See, but they got to see us like some fucking character actor and you know, that mob movie with Robert De Niro. But there's a big difference between that and you like this. Yeah. Just took the took the right thing for you to be this you you know took like the internet.

But now the Internet has like for Joey is the best medium ever. Yeah, for sure has exploded. Well for you too. Yeah, it's gone. Yeah, but I mean for you to

think about, Tom. Yeah, yeah,

for sure. Like it. I like it.

You're just as good of an example. Like, you don't have a lot of success outside of the internet. No, that's true. The internet has been your shit, man. I mean, think about it. You didn't have like a long running television series or a series of movies or anything? Yeah. Yeah, but you're selling out places that a lot of those guys can't even fuck with. Yeah, that's for the time because of your podcast, which is if you haven't seen it, it's your podcast with your wife is one of my favorite podcasts. It's so fucking consistently silly that it is so ridiculous. Yeah, and people get silly when they get on it. They do and then you know I start like seeing things like oh, this is like a your mom's house bit. I need to send it to Tom.

Yeah, you sent me a couple of good ones.

I can tell a story about taking this shit. Without 90 people hitting me up the next day telling me that was the most brilliant story in the world. We're gonna send it to Tom.

Tom I totally shut down the ship comic. It's

awesome. myself. I'm today's latest shirring up I'm the fucking YouTube videos.

We played Joey tone shit stories for sure. And he told us about when he shit in his backyard and somebody thought a bearish

she would. She would let her dogs every day. And then she would clean up they will French poodles. Yeah, dogs

is high up in the air. We're just reeling back from the ship.

Joe Rogan, she looked at it. And she was like 58 So she squinted it up against the wall is was beautiful. I took a shit and I put my back against the wall. So when I ship when you ship outside, it's not going to be a decent shit. Yeah, it's going to be like explosive. So when I got up, it looks like somebody got shot in the head behind me. So she said there was a little French poodles, little chihuahuas, and she's looking at the wall like what the fuck. She actually walks up close to it, and squints and looks and looks around and runs. I'm watching all this. I can't breathe. And now I go to the computer because my wife is very decent. Sitting there forever. And then my wife comes in and she goes, were you home all day today? I go Yeah. Why she was I just had a conversation with Susan. She wanted to know if you heard anything in the backyard. I went I went to get sushi. Give it go get sushi. A lot of it. The rice pushes everything. Yeah, do you have plans to go get a weed store? You want to go to post office? But I made a detour. I plan to go home but I left the house key in the house. So I had to climb around the window. That's what happened. Yeah, yeah. So when I pulled myself up, I actually landed with my stomach on the window. And now you really made it push it out more like flattened and flopped. And my hands are struggling the window. My feet are on the other side and the cat's meow and I'm gonna get to me. So I ran out ran down the stairs outside.

Oh my god, that was dumb. I

took a shit and famous backyard after a five hour drive from Colton of some weird town.

Did he not talk to you after that?

I took his shit and then he ran over it with his car. Back Yard smelling sewage. The next day, he goes, Smells back here. I don't know what happened. And you can see the brown shit. He smushed it with this tie and a bunch of flies talked to me for a month after that in somebody's backyard because I told him the truth. The bad

that's hard to clean up to Oh, yeah shit you can clean up dog shit it doesn't even make you gag a human shit bomb shit yeah to clean up some wine oh shit if you had to use one oh scrapers

yeah it smells so much stronger man it's so much

it's so you cut it in half right? Would that fucking when that Reese's Peanut Butter fume leaks out? Oh my God, he's like I've done studies when you go to jail when you go to prison, you have to cut the shape of the shit like in a tube when people watching TV like when you go to county jail, you shit right there. So black guys will be laying there watching TV with their feet up. And also this small little shit in there like, put some water in that hole motherfucker. Like they're just yelling from the other side of the fucking prison. Because that means you took a ship. Ship permit. So I'm prisoners whose you shit? You gotta put water on it. Yeah, but there's some bathrooms that only give you 20 ounces of water a day. So whatever time you flush, it's got to be a good flush. You follow me? Sometimes a piss has to stay there. Until the next day until you take a good good shit. But when you take a shit in jail, bro, that's what they'll tell you. Because there was some hole in that month fucking hole dog. I could smell that shit right now. I'm trying to watch Oprah. But that's what smells wants to hear sucks. Is that when you go to Vegas? Yeah, to have that sucking action. Yeah. What do you think the ship is big. That's 34 inches. Once that it breaks it looks like two new chunks. Once that breaks. It's over. It's over and they put the bathroom right by the door. The front entrance. Yeah, have nobody come over. Right, right. That's why I always go downstairs. Thanks, shit. Yeah, I don't ship my bathroom the whole time. No more because it kills the whole room for two hours. We

worked at the House of Blues in Vegas. And Joey left an onshore shit. You know, an onshore schinas was like he was so fat at the time that he couldn't sit down and like the regular toilet. You were like, what were you laundry for? 15 He was a giant. So when he would take a shit he would had have to balance himself mostly on the very edge of the front. Because his ass was so big. Why didn't shit in the water will sit on the deck. No. Oh, it would be sticking out. You ain't never seen a shit like that before.

So you couldn't sit in the toilet.

I would sit on the toilet, but I don't like the booze on the edge. It wasn't that I was fat. I don't like my dick inside the toilet. Stuck a dick and also the succulent toilet. My wife pee in public because I want to eat a monkey. I don't want that monkey. So when I shit the public bathroom, I hold my balls. Okay, and I ship towards the edge. I don't give a fuck if somebody else's bathroom

right so you your soldier balls and sit where you are. Because

none of them are gonna move forward. Because if I'm back there, I got grabbed one time and if they're sitting on the toilet, they'll jump from that toilet. Inwardly they Jumping

over to people saying they got crap. So the toilet is an excuse.

Well, sometimes you could great crabs. Moneyweb but they can only get it from head.

They only clean two hairs. I don't think they like little stay on an actual toilet. You're probably definitely right. Yeah, I would feel like that's one of the things like crabs. I took a shirt at a gas station. That had to be it. That's what I always figured it was.

No so I always hold my nuts. When I shit it was long. And red band put ketchup on it. Remember red band? Ketchup?

Unfortunately, I think that was a different time. Okay, this has not happened. Yeah, it has been many, many things. It's like sticking there's a smell. You know how when you take an epic shit, it's an above watershed. It comes out like, like the fucking big island of Hawaii. Yeah, just rises through the water. Yeah, like I've done that many times. Where because I eat too much. Then I'll take these shifts that are just like so big. They're preposterous. But there's a totally different smell to those shifts. Because you're smelling raw shit outside of the water. Right? I mean, it's it's gone through the water. Yeah. And it's poking into what is it about that? That makes you happy? What is it about accomplishment? First of all, there's a good one right? It doesn't

come around that often either. Oh, yeah, man. It's like a comment. Like, just like I don't this doesn't happen all the time.

It's always diarrhea too. It's never like it's never like a super like thick law.

It's weird when the second wave is diarrhea. Like when you take a loss you're proud of yourself yeah, and then you're like I think I had a little more in there and there's like it's just a fucking you know,

that's from what healthy eating healthy eating does. Yeah, if you eat some MCT oil or coconut oil, why does it do that to you lubes up your pipes.

Because why I moved to now I have the office, the back office and it's connected to a bathroom. It's got a door. So I don't live with stink no more. I opened the door in the morning. Couple of backyard. I shit I smoked a bowl shit backyard anymore. No, no. Okay, my dog goes faces to the backyard. I have my own bathroom in the bedroom.

But I don't put it through. Shifts. No. Back there. Yeah, leave.

Open the back door. Fuck the fart fast. Open the back. Is the school behind that kids playing? I'm shitting smoking dope. I don't give a Frenchman as fuck and it don't smell and then on why the candle? That's beautiful, beautiful. That's what you need is a bathroom with a door that faces outside. The

worst is when you go over a girl's house and you go to use her bathroom. And you smell matches. Oh, yeah. Like, oh, no, she was lighting this motherfucker up. You're thinking it's like burning off fumes. Yeah,

stinky by me panicking about our Mac ever get to a girl's place and then you feel the gurgles and you're like, Oh, I could have had that before

I was dating. A girl wants that she had ferocious diarrhea. Ferocious. So she was irregular. Yeah. And she so she went to the bathroom and she just turned on the shower. And she turns on both things on the sink. Whoa,

yeah, I just tried to drown. And

I'm like, What the fuck is going on? I was very young at the time. Didn't understand. I was super confused. What the fuck is going on there?

I had I had once in college where I was at this girl place and she was just like, case game on like, go for it right like I have to take I could feel that it was a diarrhea and explosive diarrhea shit. And I also realized there was no way to do it that that it would just be a black toilet. And that there's no way I could cover so you know what I did? I went back to my place I was like, I'll I'll see you some other time or whatever. When the next day her friends were like, you're like the fucking like they gave me credit. Like they thought I was guy that I was a good guy. They're like you're awesome. And I was like no, I had to take

Yeah, girl real white girls. Yeah, because they're not getting fucked and they don't want their friend to get fucked right so they use reverse psychology on you. You're an amazing guy. I got an amazing

guy credit I hope you wait forever is so cool that you left even

when you get married tell her we get married. ever so much. Have sex after you're married. It's not about that right it's about real love. Yeah, Twilight love if

I had had bowels that were intact it would have been a different story that night bows bows

Yeah, yeah there's a time when you know that it's in the sensitivity of your inner asshole region is amazing. It is it knows Yeah. Especially when you go to sleep at a fart right when you like you like about to cut a fart and and then also an alarm start going off. You're like Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. And you gotta clap shot like, Jesus. What is this?

We were having this debate yesterday about why are they sometimes hot? Like why is it hot? And then why does Why do you know that hots gonna smell bad spicy food, bro. Is that but is that what it is? Solely?

I don't know. I remember. I was telling you guys at one time my freshman year I didn't take a ship for a week and I had I was addicted to steak. American cheese. And all right, a French fries.

How long is that? Long?

Well, I played freshman ball. And we were playing paddison The side was just a jungle of a school like you got to be careful when you're going. And we weren't going to play the Christmas tournament.

Well, what kind of ball are we talking about basketball? I hadn't

taken a shift for like 10 days or something I took acid something fuck my stomach up. I didn't tell nobody. And those days I was really scared of doctors and I wouldn't say shit to nobody on the way home we got on the bus. And while we were waiting there, my stomach started hurting. I said Jesus Christ. I don't know if I'm gonna ship myself a fart but let me just take a chance. And I blew this fight Joe Rogan that was so bad. Right we want a bus and people started running you know school buses. People started running to the Windows right to swing down the bus windows. But here's what to get by the I father again as the teachers are going oh my god, he's changing flavors, but what's the worst thing was the cheerleaders are crying. That's how bad the bus changing flavor the teachers yelled. Oh my God, he's changing. That's how bad these fights

next teacher. He's changing. Buster.

Never forget looking at the chili is more like, Oh my God. We've never smelled like this before. It was fucking god awful.

I wrote a blog about one of Joyce farts once.

Was that on a plane? Yes. Yeah, I

think I read that called happy pills. And it was I was thinking about I was I was looking at this ad. I was looking at this ad ad for antidepressant you know some girl dancing around on field a wheat and shed you know those those ads yeah and I was just thinking about like like what you know what depresses people and how crazy pills are and how crazy Oh it's still up there you can still find it anyway at the end of this is a really like me we're both both of us are barbecued I don't know what the fuck What do we edible some sort

of edibles in the beginning lollipops? Yeah way in the beginning

we were crucified was

asleep. Yeah, he was going in and out but he wrote on the blog and I don't even have to look at the fart was strong. He's lucky I find it because it was a lot better than the Antonio Banderas movie. He was watching some videos on Antonio Banderas movie.

I don't remember what it was what it was, but I do remember the lady behind you. I will never forget hearing her over the earphones. Yeah, I hear oh my god over the pounding sound in my iPod, I hear a woman in the row behind us cry out. Oh my god. I look over chilly and he smiles. There's your fucking happy pill right there.

That's right Antonio Banderas it says

Oh, what was it? So?

Oh, yeah, teaching underprivileged youth how to salsa. That's

what I was watching. I was watching a terrible movie.

Terrible. We both were a joey farted

the fart evolve.

Do you remember by the way, what

the seat? Yeah. Well, you actually feel your leg. When you're in a plane, and it's gonna go down. What's the button you push the ejector seat? Was it like

a seat belt into your waist? Oh

my God, it was terrible. But another time I bought I used to. I used to love number one bus from Jersey City, Oregon high school. And we were on the bus one morning kids. And there was a guy reading a paper I could live to be 100. And never forget this reading the Daily News. And he had a connector of drool from his left to Daily News and it was a puddle was on heroin. They would go to Jersey City in those days and get methadone. So they would take the bus up Northwest So I'm sitting there, he's passed the fuck out. And the drool is connected to the daily news and there's got to be just six inches of power. This guy has been passed out for 20 minutes. I point my ass Adam, I'm uh, I'm not sitting behind them. I'm sitting across from them. Yeah, and I lift up my hips a little bit. I'll just point that even if it was important that he would ricochet off the chair and go straight into his mouth. He's sitting there, and I let a fart go out. I can lift the bat. He lifted his eyes like this. Like he went like this first. Like, he wiped his mouth. And he's like, man, who the fuck

he goes and died. And me and my little buddies were like, what? Yeah, we'll fucking giggling he's like I should beat the fuck out. Oh my god. Fantastic. Oh, Jesus.

This is what this is why I hate people. This is why I hate when I repost

it, give me a second.

This is the reason why I read posts. From people going, I used to comply, this blue comedy will come down to the standard feeder and Friday night and listen to intelligent, comedy calm, fun, thought provoking comedy. And then I think about how many times I'm 54 years old. And that night I got a sleep apnea machine. And there's a little needle in the sleep apnea machine because the hose punches air into your fucking mouth. So there's an escape valve. That's the size of a needle. You know how many nights I will sit there and be half asleep. And I'll need the fart. And I'll wake up just to fight to see if I could smell the fucking fart come through that hole. Yes. If it comes through. It's a tremendous fight. I just wake up my wife like you got it. Hell like it's that good. I'm 54 years old. That always makes me laugh times to Gore. People say to me, I love thought provoking Collie dogs. It makes you laugh. It's comedy. Yes, it's comedy. Stop with the fact that

you almost hospitalized me one time from laughing so hard. Like I don't know if you remember this. I'm serious. I have no if I could tell it. It was it was backstage. It was backstage at his show. We were somewhere and you're like, how's the wife? And you and I go, you go where she I said, I said some city in Tennessee, maybe Knoxville, or Nashville, and you go to Nashville 96 And you start the story about work in a club and you're like, I just rift in between shows some crazy shit. Some chick

who was talking, there was eight people. There was 20 people for the first show. Knoxville was a comedy zone show. I have booked it. Knoxville is a great little fucking town. Like a cute little Tennessee town is that it's like hip. It's like a college town. So I get down on Friday night, Joe Rogan. I'm headlining, I got 38 minutes. I just moved to LA and I signed with Creative Management. And they booked those rooms. So booking me as a headliner. I was just dying, slowed that so what they did was they put me and one nighters that paid by 275 and nine they weren't bad. Tennessee, you know, and we go to this Knoxville for two nights and I go in and you know me, I'm fucking crazy. First night, I go in there to Friday night. There's 20 people for the first show. And there's a girl Joe Rogan. That's a 12. With a guy, that's a four. Okay, and it's her birthday, you know? Meanwhile, through it, she just turned 21 It's a birthday. Okay, happy birthday. What's going on here? You know, because once you start having noise, you have to react, what is a comment? And you go what's going on? 21. I said, You're very beautiful. And then she just went and ran with it and started talking about how her husband pimps her out. He would have fights on. And for 20 bucks. You could fuck her in the back room. 20 fights, whatever. I don't know that on Fridays, he would bring it to the construction truck. He was bringing a truck with her to the construction site and put a mattress in the back. And at lunchtime that he would let her friends and she's telling me this. It's like she's talking and people like, like just holding their breath. Like what is going on here. This girl is beautiful. And this rethought is just pimping up. So in between shows, I go upstairs to do a line a smoker to join or whatever the fuck I'm doing. When I come back, I see here by yourself and we start talking what's going on? Oh my god, I had such a great time. I go into that stuff. True. And she goes yeah, go show me the monkey and the woman's bathroom. Pull down a pants. The girl had a monkey that was spotless. She had nearly stunk I ate it. I fingered the salmon as she suck my dick. That was I went back to my room. I didn't think that now that I'm like Jesus Christ. I go back for the second show. That is AP. But by the time I go back for the second show, Joe Rogan, she sit in the back she's gonna she's looking at me like this. She's fucked up. And 10 minutes into my spot set because I was headlining, she starts going. I suck the comedians Dick tonight. And I was like, What are you talking about? And she's like, I suck this deck. And he came in my mouth. He's like, What the fuck are you talking about? The cops had to hold them back. And he's like, I want my $40 That's all he wanted. He didn't can just wipe suck my dick at this comedy bathroom. When the cops came, he kept saying, Man, somebody's gonna get hurt. If I don't have my 48 hours. That's a 40 hour blow job. Did you come in her mouth? Because if I wouldn't have come would have been like 20. All he cared about was the 40 hours.

So he told me that backstage at your show. And I fucking started hyperventilating. 48

hours for his wife this is the world of comedy ladies and gentlemen. This is the world that crazy fucking common

cheeses. Think that's crazy.

She's crying some of the husband with his wife and said, you know, no, he didn't care. He just wanted the $40 with a blow job. I didn't give it to him.

He's got rules. You got to give him that. He's got like a line in the sand.

For a fucking crazy animal when you sit at home at night. And you think about all this shit we've seen We've learned a lot.

I don't think I've ever laughed as hard. Well, that's probably a second time right down that road.

We've learned a lot of things. You learned a lot of things about human beings. You learned a lot of things about individual. You learn some random I did American home. It's a Armed Forces place in Idaho. It's part of the triple Ron. This is I walked in and I had to go meet do a sound check. Her buddy kept looking at me going. Hi, how are you? Have you met Sandy yet? And I go no, and they go and then walk away? You ever see what's more with Eddie Murphy? When he would boomerang? Yeah, when he goes to the Black Chicks house it's at and the butler keeps laughing remember the butler would go you have to she wants to see in The Kitchen he would go because she knew he was going to she was going to rape them. So every time somebody will refer to Shirley, they go, have you met Shirley and you go, No. And they go, oh, and they'd walk away, was surely wherever the captain of that base was the head of the base. She was his wife. And if a band came to town, or a comedian came to town, she blew. That's it. That was the rule. Like he and he would sit up there with his fucking military arm with all his shit, and clap. And she'd be in the back. tsukkomi the whole band. I mean, this is crazy. So I didn't know about this. She came over and started talking to me. And then she started to allow you a cube and I dated a cube and one time he had such a big thick, you have a big thick. I mean, it was that quick. It was that quick, like she just gets to it. She's like, 50 I was maybe like, 31 she was maybe 50. Wow, she just dropped behind the curtain took the hammer out. I'm sitting there minding my own business. And also somebody comes yelling first. Surely, surely, surely. Now usually. Surely we get up and stop sucking in. Not surely. She moved her knees like I had Knee on Belly. He puts me on belly. He's supposed to move this way. Right. That's what she did with her knees. She kept sucking. He just kept moving this way. She I tried to take it out of her mouth. She wouldn't let it. She's like, No, no, no. She felt she wouldn't stop till I mean, they like Shirley. And this is crazy shit.

I can't I'm overstimulated. I feel like I need psychiatric treatment right now. And an IV

fucking drink

greatest thing anyone's ever said that was the best word. I mean, kids used to call a mink. Mink Yeah. But when they say they cut it short. What is the word? What does it mean? Mink

it me suck my dick mica in the dialogue. suka means right. Okay. You know, it's so weird how the moist Spanish? This is Italian Sicilian. Really? So the deeper you go down the boot. The more is it closer to Spain? Or is it farther from Spain? The closer Italy is from Spain. When people from that area speak Italian. I don't care how fast they're talking. They can't put the wool over me because I can pick up every four words. All right, so Sicilian say suka what suck in Spanish tuba tuba. You're in the neighborhood right suka lambing. When they say Sukkot I mean Kia like like, you know what, what are you gonna do to that and I'm gonna go out and get my mica suck. But suka la mink is just a short.

Second shirt of this show. sukamade

Sure. And then you got Minka juice comes at you. You want it. Cheers.

Cheers. When you when you hear those Latin languages, like your Spanish, and you hear Italian, like those languages seem like they're like, let's have fun language. You know, everything has got a thing to it. It's got a rhythm. There's a way to talk. It is fun.

Yeah. Fun to listen

to talk. Yeah. Especially not really knowing anything about what they're saying. I could pick up like one out of 100 words maybe, right? Yeah. And so I hear them talk. And I'm like, Well, which one was then? But it's so for me, it's almost just like hearing the rhythm of them talking. Yeah. It's like a fun, sort of a smooth relax.

Yeah, when I get you an Express, you know, they talk to you. And it's very hard.

Their gestures and gestures. Yeah. You can always tell when a Latin person like across a room. Yeah, just by their hand gestures. And they start you know,

God see me lay grad see me. Like this. Just hearing. Yeah,

how long would it take you? How long do you think it takes you for you just to get the like, if you're in France for a week? Yeah. Like it takes you three days just to get the like, I'm not gonna learn French in three days. But my putt must take you three days to get the Jiff. I wonder like, what do you watch? Like if they come up to you and ask you what you want from the menu. Like after you go to nine restaurants. Yeah, right. You know, three days. Yeah,

a little something. Yeah, you get a little, especially if you have like a Latin root too, though. You know, like you're comfortable with it.

Does it ever bother you when you hear stories about Americans going to like Paris? And like the Persians thinking the Americans were dicks. The Americans like acting like assholes. The people from Paris like, what is that? Like? How did that whole rumor get started? The loud American? Yeah, kinda the whole like us. Versus Paris thing you remember when they wouldn't call things french fries. They're calling freedom fries.

Bush here, right? Do you remember that? Yeah, like freedom fries. Like we're

like, it's always like the French, you know, like, there's always, there's always like some weird like, right wing punch line about the French. How much interaction?

I think at this point for me it's inherited. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You

remember that episode is upon us women with deadly? Yeah. Can I get some red sauce? He's like, I want red sauce, marinara. And the guy looked at the other guy he goes, if you think these Germans are classless, you know, I'm saying like, Look at this guy here. Like they all have. Every country must have something towards. Yeah, I hear that were hated across the world. But well, person like you? Are you traveling, you know, pro people were very nice. Yeah, they

are nice. If you are nice. And I think that's universal. People are nice. If you're nice. Yeah. Pretty thoughtful, that people appreciate pretty much everywhere. People are nice, if you're nice. You know, and the way you are changes the way they are. You know, like if you run into someone, and maybe they're a little bit defensive, but you're openly friendly. A lot of times they're relaxed that. Whereas if you run into someone, and they're sort of defensive, and you're aggressive with them, then it ramps up. And the whole thing becomes like some sort of a weird ego disaster. Same person, different person interacting with them, saying the same words. It's the whole thing about people and the way we talk to each other. Yeah, because we're, it's a, there's no one person responsible for an argument. Yeah, you know, most of the time it comes from both sides. And how you interact with people, even if you feel like you did nothing wrong. It's a lot of times, like a big part of how the conversation started shaping itself. People don't want it everybody wants everything to be black or white. Right? It's easy. Like, if you got an argument with the dude, it's his fault. Or it's your fault, but can easily be both can easily be like just a mismanaged situation. You know, you might have been coming there because there might have been some fucking problem that they were supposed to fix on your car, and they didn't. And you know, you in your car, headed to the Comedy Store and you like this motherfucker. And the light starts going on again, like God dammit. And you get there, you're already a little bit ramped up, and you run into someone, and then you're already coming at them at like a six. And if you get an interaction with them about like, Hey, man, he's dangled in front of you. I gotta go somewhere. You're like, Fuck you, man. Right? That could happen.

Totally does and you don't know. You don't know. That's why I've always I 21 I learned a very important lesson in life. You don't know what that guy's gone through today? No one does right before you. Before you give that dirty guy. It's the hardest. Cut them off. Yeah, you don't know if his wife just left them. His kid just told him she was a lesbian. You know, this is pie. And also, she's got a girlfriend. He does have a fucking gun in his car. You don't know what somebody's going through? Right? You have no idea what's on their mind. Coming up to you. You know, one of the most genius things I have ever heard was that the great Carlo Gambino never answered his own door. He always had his wife answered the door. Because no matter how mad a mobster came over, no matter how like he just got off the phone with this fucking guy and he won't give me 10 kilos. Color is gonna resume this. No matter how mad I came into the house, his wife would stop you make you sit down and give me an Express. I'll give you Scott and talk to you. So by the time you got into kalo, you were slowed down to think he was very smart that way. That's beautiful. Because he always his wife was like, everybody's mom, one of those ladies that you'll go. I Hawaii and come in me. So that's

why it's not good for everybody. If men get together for long periods of time, I

think that I think that people should anybody who's involved with customer service should take some type of something to let to calm people down, like people work in an airport. Right? You know, there's got to be a system either slow somebody down.

That's a brilliant system, having a wife that's like a very nice person that sits you down low as you write cards during talks. And you realize like, Listen, this is what's important, this kind of friendship here. Like, like half of the issues that people get into. It's a prospective issue, right? It's like, like, especially if you're like a mobster, and you think someone's fucking you over and you're like, oh, you know, where's my fucking money and you sit down? Like, come on. Perspective issue. Yeah. It's most of what it is like, how are you looking at your relationship? Are you trying to fuck this person over? Are you trying to work together in harmony? Yeah, we're just trying to work together in harmony. I bet it'll work out.

We'll travel Have you ever have a bad travel day? And we get to a hotel, and we're fucking furious? But that little lady at the counter made us laugh and for sure, about what just true. I know. And she'll even do something that will change your whole outlook for the day. Like she'll go. Oh, by the way, I know you were delayed. We told the kitchen to save your spaghetti and meatballs. And you're like, you bad motherfucker, you. Wow. You know, so that's I liked it. When that happens. I love when I'm furious. And I walk into a hotel and somebody slows me down and talks to me. And yeah, it's really cool. When people have that's a gift by the way, to actually slow somebody down and be able to touch him and guide him and it's gonna be fun. It can be anything to detract them.

If you have a business, you have a customer service representative, someone who meets people at the door, that person has an amazing personality, that shows worth a lot of money. Oh, yeah, it's worth a lot of money can't coach it. You can't train? Yeah. Whether it's a guy or a girl, and I've met him on both sides. You know, you meet people that work in a certain place where you look forward to going back to that place to saying hi to that guy. That guy just super cool. You're like, what's up? What's up, man? And like you've made like, a legitimate friendship with this person. And that's, that's possible to you know, this idea that we all have to be constantly at odds with each other. And

I think even like security people like when I see when I'm in a restaurant or bar or at a sporting event, and I see a security guy is what's that word? Dissolve a situation? Yeah. without throwing a punch, especially when a person Oh, good one. Yeah. Especially when a person's drunk. Let's talk to you when you're sober. Right? What do you got for cocktails on I'm gonna talk to you once a my patience level is done. Yeah, you know, it's fucking done. But there's some people who stay calm and they go we know man. Yeah, let's just take a walk over here and talk about it and you fall for it. And next thing you know you're out. Brian. Oh, man, if you had girlfriends with some other guy, you know, they were come rushing into a bar and this people were tremendous at that. That's a great gift.

You know who could do that shit. Big John McCarthy. Big John McCarthy. He's the best at like, separating shit. When shit goes sideways in the octagon.

Isn't he? A ex police officer? Fuck yeah.

And he's a giant. Yeah, he's, I mean, he's a big dude. He's a black belt in jujitsu. And when when shit gets weird inside the octagon, the cop and hip comes out. Yeah, like people if there's some chaos and some crazy shit. He puts up fucking halt to that. No more. Yeah, those guys are important, man. It's important to have people like that. Now that is a skill though. It's a giant skill. It also be a good guy. Which he also is right. Like, like Big John McCarthy. He's a hell of a human. By the way,

formally, congrats on 1000. Man, that's really awesome. Listen, amazing.

party started. Thanks,

you guys.

It's really incredible, man.

There's probably more right I think it's like 1043 or something. Probably. Yeah, real ridic there's a bunch of other named ones fight companions. Fight breakdowns.

That would never ever dream. When you started doing these menial, they would have the impact that they have. Let's just

keep that shit known void.

Remember, you like fucking saying like, people want to hear this.

I remember him calling me up to the room. me yelling at Joe and I call you crazy. Oh, fuck his home on a Friday night. 13 year old just take that shirt off. Take that shit off. Well, I'm smoking pot.

We were in the green room. No, no cops. No,

this was somewhere else.

This is doing a podcast me him in Red Bay. One of the first podcasts we did was off this thing called justin.tv. Yeah. Justin TV. And we did on green rose. And we did him back when there were cellular modems. So you'd be streaming like there wasn't like a lot of Wi Fi back then. So we'd be streaming from like, cell phone hookup. Yeah, it was terrible. Like real pixelated stuff. But we're like, this can be fucking weird how people like, watch us get ready in the greenroom. talking to the camera. Bizarre. So we decided to do a few of those. But Joe, it was like, get this fucking thing away from me. But that was that was a different Joey Diaz back then. You know, you were still uncomfortable. You know? It was funny with that. That was the thing that set you free. But it's also let people know who you are at

the beginning when he was like, Hey, dude, weren't you I was like, What the fuck are you doing?

No, no.

I was like, Are you like a bird collar kind of guy. Like I thought it was like one of those weird you know, I mean, things that people do. That was like a bird call. Like we talking about man.

Yeah. He was behind there at night and I just didn't like it. I didn't know. But then Dane Cook. I became a megastar with MySpace and everybody in their mother went on my site that was before me. But they were not doing cocaine was doing Yeah. They just stopped by going on MySpace and going. I got free tickets tonight. Yeah, that that was gonna work. Dane Cook was communicating with them. Sure. And people would see the communication and go, Wow, we can have live interaction blah, blah, blah, blah. Dane

was doing that way before me. He was doing that on MySpace and my 2002 or something like Yeah, right, wasn't it? But pretty

early on? Yeah,

but about in 2003. We'll check the lineup. We'll check the old calendars. We did the Fourth of July weekend in Irvine. And I'll never forget that I said to you do you have radio? And you go I have no radio. I'm a little panicked. And that Thursday when we got down to the whole weekend was sold out. And that's when I said Joe Rogan's on this computer. Like fuck this shit. Because my philosophy was that computer do you think Richard Pryor would go home before in the morning? coked up and get on fucking Facebook. Wow. Yeah, that was my thing at that time. Like, I think that fucking Richard prize and I go home and get on MySpace. So I was exposed it but once I saw five sold out shows in Irvine, the old Irvine, when it was known that if you didn't do radio, nobody's gonna show up. That was great. Right? That was it. That was it. To me. That was what made me a believer that there's something there.

Yeah. It's amazing. The the range of people that come up to me about your show, you know, like the like, all types of fucking pilots. Fighter. I've had like amateur fighters, professional fighters. The range of people that are interested in your show, you know, I mean, it's a really wide range of people. It's fascinating. Like it's really reached a lot of people, man.

I was it freaked me out, man. Why I was in Burbank the other day. Okay. You got a haircut. We could go. All right. You know me. I hadn't. I went to jujitsu and had a half hour to kill. So before the hair cut, I just smoked a joint. I was in my car on Magnolia Boulevard up the block from Porto's, which is fucking back. And I opened up the sunroof and I just started smoking a joint before the hair cut. And I put a piece of gum in my mouth and I actually walked to the crosswalk to walk on cross the street. And there was a lady holding a kid would another one of the thing. And she looked at me. And when she looked at me I go fuck this lady smells me. You know, when you when you don't have a child. You don't give a fuck about reefer. But when you have a child and you see a mom with a child, you feel kind of fucking sorry, man. I didn't say it until she looked at me. She goes, oh my god with the kid and her thing. And with the stroller. She looked at me, she goes, blue cheese what your fucking mother. I loved it come from Buffalo. I looked at her. And she just kept walking. But it was like the type of woman that wouldn't say that. With the kid and the pusher. She goes blue cheese with wings and go fuck your mother. I love you. And she just kept walking like, oh my god, amazing, man. What about his mother went to Sacramento and families with kids. It's fucking crazy. But the round of the people why they come up to you and TSA. He'll forget about Tsa, tsa, but the realm of people and the reasons why that's what I'm saying. That's what that's what's always killed me. Like, I've been around for 20 years. And what made you come to my show, as I told the sheriff, I told the story about taking this shit in somebody's backyard. I loved it. We laughed at you and you're like, Oh my God. Yeah, that's what you know, when somebody comes up to me. It's always they came to a show for something different. I said on here. Yeah. You know, that's really weird. It's amazing. And like you said the contrast. It's not just the six foot guy. It's everything steroid, a guy it's a mom with a baby and a stroller.

I was saying, I have people that so want me to like, give you things. It's so annoying. They're like, because they always start with like, trying to flatter me. And like try and they're like, Dude, I think you're fucking hilarious. I go, thanks, man. I love your shit. I listen to it all. I was on the way to work every day. I'm like, Oh, thanks a lot. And they're like, Yeah, man. It's so funny. Like, I love this bid and that bid and I'll be like, it's very nice. You man. Thank you very much like and I listened to your podcast, and I fucking love it. It's so fucking funny. I'm like, thank you. And then they're like, Hey, would you give this to Joe? That's their, their whole thing. Like, did you think because you told me all those compliments. I'm going to be your messenger. And they'll be like, No, I mean, just like if you could give it to him. Okay, sure. I get this request every other week. What

kind of weird shit that's

always fucking packages and envelopes. I don't open them in good. Yeah, no, they go right. I

tell him to send them directly to you. And like the cup he don't even tell him to do that he gave me two cups. I gave one to Alberto and I gave the other one to you.

This is a highly ineffective way to communicate with people I sending them shit.

You know? People think that I want to have shit in my car like hey, give us the time. Like I'm gonna have this in my fucking

I got the newest latest Bong. It's totally different than it is a bomb. First of all, you could drop it out of an airplane. It will not break its military grade, bro. This is the bomb the bog to end all bonds to catastrophe. Apocalypto, you've had this pit end of the world bomb. Yeah, sure, bro. This bomb is made out of the same shit. The Wolverines claws.

There's a closet my office that I slide open. And I cannot tell you. I must have 300 black T shirts from different bands and shit hands. I got every I mean, look at me. I got every protein powder and fuel and energy thing that you could come to shows and give me I got more GIS. Most jujitsu schools. Yeah. That's how many GIS are given to me. Yeah mailed to me. I have to mail them back. My wife says if I see one more fucking, I will throw that shit out. It's just amazing. albums. Because people know I like vinyl. I come home with vinyl every fucking week. Really? Some of it is fucking atrocious. Yeah, but some of it is fantastic. I listened to everything

you do? Do you have a hard time chucking out old shit?

I feel bad for people. I understand that they've worked for it. And I understand that. They went out of their way for it. But if I haven't seen Duncan in six months, and I got that bullish candle, it goes into God. Like once Duncan moved to New York, I grew up Duncan shit. I only saved mushrooms MDMA for archery. People come up to me and give me heavy drugs. Bring it back on the plane far because he's my brother. You know, what they come and get some guy gave about a month ago, gave me a book about stars. And well, Jesus when I looked he was the author that forced the better you offer that gets to everyone. That

guy gave me that book. And I showed it to you like how to be a real man wrote it. Yeah. One of his rules was be 40 be a real man. Just like the dumbest

we went over it on your pot. Yes. Right. Yeah, like that

guy for a long time. He gave that to like a bunch of us. We arrived in Hong Kong. And he was like, here's this book I wrote. And then we look at it as him on the cover and it's all glossy, and he's in it. He's like, looking off to the side.

That was when I first did your podcast. I think it was the first time I did it. Yeah. That was

how many years ago was that? That was probably what we started at seven years, but that was probably five years ago. Yeah,

I do get a lot of nice shit though. Oh, yeah, I do get a lot of

talking about one pipe to

the studio. Who made that thing? A kid in Cleveland. That thing is good.

I got I get great book sent to me. I mean, phenomenal money books. I'm reading one right now is the creepiest thing. The three lives of Jimmy Page from Led Zeppelin. Oh, and motherfucker traveled with a 14 year old girl never got charged with statutory rape really just traveled with him for years he's just a runaway on the on the tour like fucking crazy talk. Is that true? You know talking about his house in fucking in where he lived he bought it from Alex took it was Aleister Crowley's all ours, a 24 karat Warlock he was the devil in shape. He lived in his house. And you know for some people it was like a way to sell records. Not for those for those four were on to something magical. You know, they were magical nine out. But this book kind of like I got to put it down for two days at a time sometimes. Really? Yeah, he's a fucking nut. That's what's called the three live look at

the 10 while this Led Zeppelin led jazz rally shit.

Scroll this shit down. Joe Rogan.

He dated a 14 year old crazy man.

The truth. Maddox is amazing. Just 14 when she met Paige Paige did what he could to keep the relationship hidden. Oh, that's true. That's crazy. Wow. That's weird.

He was crazy. When they showed the little what they've shown after a Baby shark cup of shakes Percy. What's so

weird man like you If you could do that back then, right? Like you could do weird shit back then. Yeah, it makes you stop and think like what that is is like the just the beginning of the information age, right? Newspapers regularly distributed television shows on the news. All that stuff was only like a few decades old, when the 60s in the 70s rolled around. I mean, you really think about the timeline there. It's really kind of fascinating.

Do you ever think about the jump from in technology? From like, you know, like, you know, it's sites that there's no US Weekly there, right? So things kind of advance and now everything's monitored. And now, for instance, you can you can record a phone call, right, which is like, would be a difficult thing to do back then. Or you can have a recorder running on you? Do you ever think about how that lack, you know, the privacy goes away? And how, to some degree, we can't even conceive of it right now. But how easy it will be to record everything at some point. Like how it'll, you know, we joke, like it's in your watch, or it's in your glasses, but it will be like, yeah, you'll walk out of every conversation. And there'll be some, some form to document it. Yeah, it'd be a total loss.

There's gonna be, there's gonna be some changes. I don't necessarily agree. I'm not convinced, I should say, not agree. I'm not convinced they're going to be bad. To do that. Yeah. I just, I wonder like, what, what, what's gained through this kind of privacy? No, I'm not not talking about like privacy, like corporations, or the government being able to look into your life I'm talking about, we might get get to a position as human beings within our, our lifetime, where everybody looks into everything about everybody, everything, right? Finances, your day to day life, and actually seeing you everywhere you go, no matter what you do. Like we could get to a position where there's no disconnection from any of us, or we're all connected to each other. If this keeps going the way it goes, right? So it used to be everybody lived far apart. And you know, you had to ride a horse to get to the friend say hi, and talk to him. And hopefully, he's still alive. And he came back the next day. Yeah, but there was no communication, right? Then he got the phone calls, in as things have ramped up, and now it's in your phone. And now your phone's in your watch. And now your watch can tell you who's calling you and you can, you can look at your phone, I see the person Star Trek type shit already happening, right? Yeah. And it's getting deeper and deeper and deeper. People are streaming, live streaming, live streaming on Facebook, no matter what they do all day, there's a slew of people playing video games, live streaming, people are tuning in watching other people play video games. I mean, we're getting like deeper and deeper into this technological rabbit hole, where it becomes embedded in your life in a way that was unimaginable before was introduced. Same thing as cell phones, before cell phones weren't introduced. Who would have ever believed? If you told them that you were going to get to a point in human history, where it is totally common to see people staring at electronic screens, while they're all sitting together at a dinner table, that there could be five people sitting around, and they're not even talking to each other. They're just staring at this electronic screen. And that screen is compelling. You know it, I know it, I get drawn to it. You get drawn to it. Yeah, who knows, man might be some crazy news. Let me check Google real quick. You never know. You never know what weird shit has been happening in the world. And you get sucked into this. This thing is becoming a part of your life in a weird way that nobody anticipated. If it keeps going in the direction that it's going. It's going to get weirder in a way we never anticipated before. Where it's not going to be just as simple as put your phone down and go outside. It's gonna be your phone's a part of you. It's gonna happen. Your phone's almost a part of you now, if you have to have it. Like I am connected to this goddamn thing more than I touched my dog. Right total. I love my dog. But I touch that thing more than I touch my dog. It's weird. You want to pretend it's not a part of me, man. I could just put it right there. So he's right there on his right there. Don't go anywhere. I got you right here. That's basically a part of me. It's basically a part of me how long before I let them open me up? Stick maybe there's a spot in my armpit. I mean, us.

There's a great short about that. There's a great short film about his hair. Yes. What's it called? I don't I don't remember the name of it, but it ends up like under the guy's skin. Oh, it's gonna happen. It's I wish I

can stay away from this fucking thing. I charged in a different room at night. You know the iPad. I bought the right. No fucking Facebook, Twitter or nothing.

Neal Brennan tweet on an iPad.

I bought an iPad. Do you

have like one of those little keyboard things you connect to a case like that,

bro, it's changed my life. I used to have three hours of just Ship time of day that it's not enough to work out.

So what do you write in notes? Use the notes program. What

do you Yeah, I just write in fucking notes. And if I don't make the joke that night, I go back and add the tag really,

you know, it's real good if you ever try Evernote. Now Evernote is real good. I use pictures, all kinds of different things and blacking out everything else. No, no, that's a different thing. That's right room. But Evernote, you you if you write things like the things you want to remember, maybe before sets, you can write them down in Evernote, and then sync them from your iPad to your phone back and forth. It's really good. It's one that I use. I just

got this iPad Pro three weeks ago and it's changed my life. Yeah, that's it changed my life. I could give a fuck about Twitter, Facebook, nothing. When I go to that coffee shop to write, it's just that program. I have or everything else in there, but I haven't even program. I have the apps in there. I got my fitness plan in there. I got BJJ training, journaling. And that's it.

You know what I think about the internet man, I think about the internet like I think about foods that are sweet. Like you can have them as long as you don't have too much too much. Don't get crazy. That's That's how I feel about even going online. I think we're we're, we're getting to this weird point where we're just relinquishing our consciousness to this machine. relinquishing our consciousness, connection that we all enjoy. It's

not a consciousness. It's the consciousness. We're all sharing about a certain topic. We all have to interject on what we think about Charlottesville, or about Trump or stuff like that. Those days you get on Facebook and Twitter. And you're fucking sad. You get sad like you get sad for people. Yeah, okay. I make it a habit. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday is no reason to be on the internet. You have to stay away from it. There's no reason that the shows are sold out. Your family's at home. What what are you doing on them? This is my this is my cheeseburger. Yeah, I give a fuck. So on the weekends, I don't touch it. I forced myself. Don't touch it. For what? You have to have a life man. Yeah, we are forgetting that there's a life. You haven't go to a park and look at these fucking parents looking at their phones. You go to a park where your kid don't you? Yeah, I don't take my phone out of the car to park. There's no who's gonna call you. Your manager will tell you. They change your spot at the store. From 1015 to 1030. If you want your kid and your wife, you don't need your phone.

You really don't show you got to get in the floating man. How can we help float

because I smoked pot and I think they should on my own. Yeah, but it's different. That's why

it's not. It's not what you think it is. Yeah, but you'll be fine. Becky works

at the place in Pasadena. And we've been talking about a lot about it. I'm really scared about these little dabs of anxiety

that I get from Joe. It'd be fun, and it's good for your health.

No, I know it's good for my health. But when I go get good blood, like Yeah, data, good blood, no problem.

We'd make you more anxious or less anxious. smoothens that out? Okay, so

when it comes to certain things, I have to see a window. Like it's really weird right now there's not a window in it. I see that fucking door. Like when I walk up the steps at the original room. And I get anxiety when it comics on stage. It can be any it can be an open mic when I'm next. And I start getting this. This shortness of breath after turn around and look down the stairs at the Comedy Store just by me knowing that I could get out if shit goes down. I'm okay. So I don't think of fucking tubs got windows a floating tank. They seal that thing over you know they don't seal it's just kind of door. That's what I'm a little scared of. It's really I'm not claustrophobic either. I was in the South. Now that ship bothers me. I just got to see a window. Yeah, well

listen, it's really easy. Like when your mind is right there. You just lift your hand up and it's right there. The doors right there. No, we have stand up. You open the door. It's all in your head.

You know? Look what happened yesterday in Spain and Barcelona. What a fucking shame.

You can't connect terrorist attacks to isolation.

Well, let me ask you a question. Joe Rogan asked you a question my brother. Okay. You're an intelligent individual. You're an intelligent individual times to go Jamie you're not a fucking Phi Beta Kappa but Jamie will be the smartest guy in the red. No, I'm just teasing. Jamie how many people will looking down when they got hit by that car yesterday? Let's let's be honest, took that 65 People got hit. But

you know, little that's you know, people wander into the street. They start

paying attention as Americans. You cannot live in that fucking thing. No more. We cannot.

It's not smart. It's not smart to be walking around staring fucking but sometimes you have to look at it. You know, there's there's times where like, someone of course, sends you an address. You're meeting people there.

Then there's times you catch yourself you're like what am I doing?

What am I doing?

All three of us have children. Do we want our children to grow up on a fucking computer? Do we want them

both? They're going to grow up on computers, you're not going to

know I want them to grow up with computers, but I don't want that whole lifestyle to the other computer. I want them to go outside. I want them dirty. Yeah, I want them to have life experiences even if you know the only way you learn about life is sometimes by having a negative something negative happening. So true then these children that are like computer to the 18 and they send them away and they fucking fracture. Yeah, they fracture. It's a different time now for children guys, and we're parents it's a different time.

It's way different. It's different in a way that I don't think anybody's ever seen before so they don't know what the fuck to do. They don't

know what the fuck to do. Tom's gonna

pee ha ha look how slim he is. He looks beautiful, beautiful sex I

try and keep it as normal as I can. I try to keep it as normal as I can. I never want to forget who the fuck I am Joe Rogan volleyball and I don't want to forget it for my children you know, I don't want them Yeah, Dad. I was driving home. Okay, and I saw a little girl selling lemonade with her mom on the corner was 2000 degrees and Studio City. I plugged in my house I go inside and get my daughter and I get my wife Let's go buy some fucking lemonade from this kid. Alright, my daughter is going to kindergarten next year at a school that's like rated one of the highest schools but it's a public school approach kids go there a bunch of kids go there's no reason to put your kid in these Notre Dame's and all these $25,000 they want $34,000 A year for kindergarten. Why? Come on Joe Rogan what WoW is your child gonna benefit? Come on. We're all intelligent here. That's at $4,000 Monarch Notre Dame all those schools in the valley they want 30 G's to G registration form to sign the kid and really don't want to keep their kids they know that's not safe. It's so you can tell your friends that you kids fucking that school. That's with a little bit of sighs that's a nice hold on. My kids attend. And you're like, Oh my God, and you kidnapped him to be a fucking dummy. Because he's in school with other rich people's fucking kids. And they're all fucking dummies to you know, they're getting raised by fucking nannies. I don't want that. I don't I go to the park. How many fucking white kids do you see what Mexican women ain't that a fucking shame. These Mexican women are adopted white kids. That's fucked up. That's why they didn't want Trump to build a wall because we have to raise their own fucking kids. That's why these white people didn't want Mexicans to come in California was gonna raise their fucking kids. She's got a swimming pool. I go to swimming class Tuesdays and Thursdays with my daughter jumping. There's no more white parents who take kids. Their nannies are in the fucking YMCA with their kids. When your kid grows up, and he's what's his name? My govil Napa lo Mileena. Yes, well, he's one of those. Don't come crying to me. Don't come crying to me. Jason. The pacifier was six. I was raised to be a little cocksucker. But I snapped out of it. Someone told me when my father died. I wanted I was one of those little boys. You see what that mom holding on to that leg? No, go I was one of those little fucking faggy kids. Okay, I suck the pacifier to the age of six.

Oh my god. Okay.

I had potential to be one thing. One fucking thing. You understand me? But my mother would not allow that shit to happen. Don't Latin mothers don't play that shit. Yeah, I'm saying Oh, yeah, Latin mothers do not allow this shit. I couldn't wear scarves. You know, it was a lot the West

wanted to wear a scarf like a Snoopy scarf. Or like, like, you know, like

like I was gonna go fly a plane scarf

or what's it like one of those Randy Couture scarves? Which although I wouldn't wear I think on him is quite fetching. No,

no scarves? No.

He will see the Randy Couture scarf. No. Yeah. Randy Couture will wear what I would call it tactical scarf.

Oh like that. Yes. He

does the kind of scarf that like a Navy SEAL would wear. Yeah. Randy wears a bunch of those things. But Randy's such a bad motherfucker. It's almost like he's begging you to try to choke him. Yeah, man. Come Come try to grab that thing. Yeah, I just leave.

That should be the name of that album right there. That should be his album cover.

I'm trying to grab a scarf. Scarf

but crazy. Such a nice guy

already. coachable? Yeah. Anything you know what?

And his kid his kid came to my show in Vegas and also has like a gym that coolest, coolest kid man like him and his wife. I think both teach there too. Oh, wow. Nice.

His son his son is Yeah. I think he was fighting in the World Series of fighting which is now now as a new name but yeah, he fought for a bunch of different people right did he fight for StrikeForce and I think he might have fought for Bellator Ryan couture talented fighter a

while we're at it don't forget to remind you has fucking Gino giving you the CBD rolawn yet yes. What do you think it's

amazing how does that even work is that Voodoo

Doll yeah not I came home I

scored like a cream you rub it on like spots?

My wife moves my fucking back really good out of the shower. Done.

It gets in weird spots

yeah done

it's a must have some sort of anti inflammatory properties or something like that. Do you like that tie Lindemann? Anybody ever wrote that stuff on you know, I never know like ties like Thai boxers and shit. They're like your you gotta realize we're always dealing with like bones slamming into their legs and they're all sore and shit. And they rub this like tie Lynam it. It's weird. We like heels Valley stuff. I don't think it heals a man but it makes sure it feels good.

What's the one that gives us a chance that's

a similar one Tiger Balm, like that guy should

have another thing. It's called something juice. And when I was a kid, I used to have the Iron Palm bag. And I would rub that on my hands and do the ion pump technique and shit with that it's called something that has a weird smell to it. What does this

stuff do? Like when when when that stuff like heats your skin up? And you're like, Oh, God, like Icy Hot like that kind of shit. What does that really doing?

I have no idea. I think he's just tricking you into thinking so I'm not Yeah, I don't think it really is

someone who's a friend of mine as a doctor describes it as a topical analgesic. Meaning that it does something to surface your skin, but maybe is it psychological that makes it feel like it's healing up? Like when you have a muscle soreness or something like that. You have a degree a wound. Yeah, little injury,

because there's a psychology, psychological aspect to that heat stuff. I feel like you think you're getting work done. You know,

there's probably a psychological aspect to healing in general. Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's 100%. But I think you could sway it in a better direction. Yeah. You know, I mean, like, that's kind of what the placebo effect is, right? They tell you, they're gonna give you a pill. And it's gonna make you feel better. You're like, oh, this is it. This is the thing they gave me. They gave me the pill, and you actually do feel better and even show signs of recovery? Like, immediately corresponding to you taking that pill, like your brain has convinced yourself What about

that? Dude you've had on the podcast whose brain is like a fucking healing serum?

Who can wow Wim Hof. Yeah. Wim Hof. Oh, yeah, dude, he's,

I mean, he trains people. He teaches people how to

do it. He's as legit as they get. He holds the world record for swimming under ice ice. Yes. And by the way, he fucked up and couldn't figure out which way to get out. Because his retinas had frozen over. Because the water was so cold. How does he do this? He's an animal. He's a fucking savage. That guy in the most beautiful sense of the word. He just has incredible breath control. That's a big part of like, his whole entire philosophy. So the guy's following this rope. Right? Once he's committed to it, by the way, like, he's just got these little spots along the way, where he can get some air, but he lost track, he couldn't see good anymore, because it was so goddamn cold. He couldn't figure out where the exit is. So he went more than the full distance. That was his goal in the first place. Which was insane. All of it's insane. Fucking A man. I mean, that guy something special.

He teaches people which is the crazier part even to me that he's he's gotten people train them to swim in like freezing water. Oh, yeah. Walk through ice and also fight off a cold.

Yes, yes. Fuck me. I use his breathing technique before go on stage. And when I do I have better shows. This is what I think I think you'd like kind of hyper oxygenate and stimulate your mind. How's

the filmmaker breathing?

Well, it's a lot of what he does that I find beneficial is like, and I've heard this concept in yoga before too, is breathing in like took a giant breath and letting it out. Excuse me, letting on about 20%. And then breathing in again, as hard as you can letting out about 20% breathing in as hard as you can and then continue that for like long periods of time. Dude, I do that in the cryo tank where I stand in the cold air. Three minutes goes by like that. There's a giant difference between when I do that, and when I don't do that. So you focus on your breathing. It's a little bit of that. Definitely. There's there's something about people that are encountering any sort of stimulation where it's real hard to manage the stimulation without letting everything get fucking crazy and haywire. Yeah. And being able to manage it has a gigantic effect on what the actual results are. The actual experience of being this cold is Yeah, because it gets the same guy Damn thing. But if you can control your breath and control your consciousness, and you're doing something that seems to be heating up your body to and a little bit of a way, almost like an internal exercise, because it's difficult to do, because you're taking these big giant breaths of cold air, and then you're letting out a little. And then you take in a big giant breath. It's almost like you're flexing your lungs. Yeah. And when you do that, man, I mean, it might make it 20 30% easier to deal with three minutes, supposedly, I'm not kidding, one of the Olympics.

I don't know what year it is, if you'd like to check whether the Russians beat the fuck out of the Americans. Suppose the Americans came out, walking out, you know, the flag, and the Russians all came out going? Cool, cool. Hello. And they couldn't figure out what the fuck is wrong with these motherfuckers. That's what they were doing. They warm up their lungs, they looked back to think about what they're about to do, the technique they're about to use, and to let the blood go to the back something fun. And I read about that was pretty interesting. Whether it's true or not, I don't know. But supposedly, that cardio was so ahead of the United States, because they were doing a pre

reading exercise

to do now is that the guy that also has the record for the deepest drop?

I think it's a different guy.

That's a different guy. That's a different guy. He's the one that I wrote that I read about. He's the one that wrote about that how you have to prepare for all that stuff. And that was learned when the Russians came out. And the

it's interesting to focus on your breath like I don't do it much I do it actually been doing Pilates. And it's way fucking a harder than I thought it was gonna be. But be like you're thinking about your breath for like an hour. Basically. You're always you're always working on your breath. There's

it's not. It's not a secret that like the greatest jujitsu guy of all time. Had this crazy breath control. Really Hickson Gracie? He had there's a bunch of videos of him. He received the documentary choke. You've heard of it? No. It's an amazing documentary about this guy Hickson Gracie who's almost universally regarded as the greatest jujitsu player of all time. Yeah, and fought a bunch of fights and MMA and strangled everybody fought. But he there's this video where he's doing this yoga, warm up sort of thing that he would do every day. And he does this thing with his stomach that you watch him do this. And he starts warming his stomach up. He's doing this like fire breathing shit. But then he starts sucking his stomach into like the upper corners of his ribcage, like rhythmically in this like, almost impossible thing like and you're watching him doing it. Like he's warming everything up. And then once he gets it warmed up, he starts wiggling the internals. But look at this man, who the fuck has that kind of control of your abdominal muscles.

This guy would do this. Like every time he trained.

He did it all the time. Did it constantly. He did this. He did yoga, constantly gymnastics. He did a type of yoga called gymnastic unnatural, which is a Brazilian sort of a combination of yoga. And a lot of like movements like rolling and animal like movements, natural movements. Amazing stuff. See if you could find the guy who created that gymnastic natural. So you give the guy credit because it's a really amazing style. Yes. So

are into gymnastic as a couple of Brazilian guy teaching that's

actually so much more badass and it's given credit for Jiu Jitsu. No, no, I'm talking about like gymnasts sheerness for sure. Or even like yoga masters. Their physical ability is so beyond. I think most people's perception of it when they first you know, think about it like Yeah. Fucking psychos man, Professor

Alvarado Romano is the guy who created gymnastic unnatural. And that was Hickson thing. And there's videos of him doing it. Doing it on the beach. There's a video of Hickson doing it and you watch the movement and you go oh, this is almost like he's having like, it's almost like shadow fighting with jujitsu. Because you're being able to put your body in these weird positions over and over and over again to balance yourself and control. It's all about just controlling your body in any weird way that you could possibly encounter a position where you'd have to be strong. Yeah, wild shit because he was way ahead of the curve man. There was everybody back then was doing Mexican supplements and deadlifts and bench pressing and fucking you know, running over each other and training camp, beating the shit out of each other. And Hickson was just strangling people. Yeah, no, it's really fascinating thing when you stop and think about it that this one guy was the best and so far ahead of the curve and so few people, even people that really got into jujitsu saw. Well first of all, he had amazing talent. His dad was alien, Gracie. Those are two giant factors, but also the way he trained and the way he controlled his breath. And his own son crown. Gracie was one world champion, one of the best rappers in the world can do all that stuff to has massive breath control, and he'll tell you, it's all about your breath. Being able to control your breath is a massive part of your anxiety levels. It's a massive part of how you can deal with stress. How you can calm yourself down. You have control and power over your lungs. What is this dude doing? Oh, this is he's out there in the jungle. This that guy's actually doing it in the jungle. zakhary does a lot of that stuff. We

all breathe naturally. When like if you look at your children, their breathing the way that we're supposed to breathe. Yeah, somewhere with 10 or 12 will become a teenager. Yeah, we go off. Like my breathing was complete. I went to seminars. I when I went to did you really? When I went to jujitsu? I created so much fear in my mind from being on my back. That I would immediately run outside and take my gear off and pee my pants. And people would quit. Like I just pee a little bit of my shorts. Most people with a quit. I don't like that feeling. Yeah, so I kept calling back and I wouldn't improve. I wouldn't improve because of my car. Yeah, I've been smoking joints for 30 years. Yeah, I'm a fat fuck yeah. It was that I had a build like I had to get boss rutan's mouthpiece to build my diaphragm. To suck I had no therapy all this because of jujitsu. Legit boss routing thing is legit. When I hit the bag, I use the bathroom thing. Yeah,

I think what they're saying is the best way to use is just use it as an exercises exercise, use it use it as an exercise. So let's do a few things with it and just blow some air out with it. Like

really good. It's really helped me. But that's how much I've learned about like I now I don't have as much anxiety. I breathe it out it really fucking so I've done a lot of reading about it. But that guy's article but the guy that dipped the longest. His was the most interesting. I didn't know about this. The fuck ice and shit. But it's true, man once you now I'm rolling. And now I pull God all the time just to be on my back. I want to be faithful. Yeah. So I just could I just look back. Whenever I have a problem. I do a thing called hula hula boo that the Indians did hula where you look hookah hookah Lu something like that. Oh, hook allow hook allow where you look up. And you center again. Yeah. That's helped me become a better comic. Sometimes you're up there talking shit. Just center yourself. And all these little things I learned because I joined jiu jitsu like my breathing. I focus on it. When I roll now. I don't care about hands. No one would care if you choke me. I really don't give a fuck. I'm horrible. Anyway, I'm just I'm just learning to breathe all over. So yeah, you know, I'm just learning to breathe. You know? You know I was grabbing you and trying to go for a cross collar and then fucking like doing something completely different for a scissor sweep. And somebody's like, Joe, you got to exhale rather chilly. Do

you do you do yoga for jujitsu? Don't they have a class? Down at schools? Yeah,

we do. I go early. What's

the name of the actual

The thing is called tack fit. But I go to yoga with my wife once a week we just go to she goes what times? I just go with the Tuesday one just to loosen up from 10 to 11 I'm not that good at it. My best fit is our friends taxes are Scott zone and lousy which dag allows you who you did the podcast with me. I fucking have a tremendous workshop this wreck a nine to five. But shit Saturday and Sunday. What are they teaching you kettlebells meets club bells with galamsey and how it affects jujitsu and MMA and stuff like that. So last week, I got to meet Scott Simon. And boy, he's fucking great.

He's got a lot of great stuff about bells. Yes, great videos.

I'm up to the 20 pounds from Harbor. Yeah, I started when I first got the club belt from Aubrey. My wrist was hurting with five pounds. I couldn't even do the simple five pound one. Now I'm taking 20 He's holding them going all the way back. Oh, bringing them back and it's all focused on my back and breathing. That's it. I just need to shift to breathe now. I don't know if I get beat up. Because that's what was really bothering me. Yeah, breathing. Maybe getting better at it. Yeah, but now I'm getting better at it plus a sleep apnea had put a lot of fear. So being on my back and being out of breath, the sleep apnea would kick in again. Got Ryan, you know, so

there were two of those shield casts. What's that? Remember the Iron Sheik? Remember the Iron Sheik used to hold up those gigantic Iranian clubs yeah that they would use for wrestling training. It's like it was a really strong move for wrestling training see if he could find what with the Iron Sheik because he was like the Iron Sheik people that don't know he was a pro wrestler in the WWE was WWF back then. And you know, he was before he was that he was a super successful Iranian amateur wrestler like he was a legit wrestler, like legit wrestling skills, and ridiculously strong. And he's holding these things. I don't know how much these things weigh, but they, it doesn't look like he's faking this because of the slow motion of how he's moving it. They look like heavy objects. I don't know how much they weigh. But this is a really hard workout to do. You know, I can barely do that shit with like, 15 pounds. I'm not bullshitting with one hand. It's hard. It's a weird control thing. And you realize like, how you're strong in certain areas. Those

are definitely heavy as fuck heavy as fuck yeah,

you're strong in certain areas. Like that guy's super jacked. Who is that?

Precious call. It's

got beautiful anywhere. But it's, it's a very difficult thing because you could be really strong when it comes to like a straight shoulder press. You know, like, you can like hoist up like 70 pounds, but there's no fucking way in the world. You're going to be moving around 70 pounds. You're just you just can't do it. Yeah, your arms gonna fall off. Like if you have especially if you have it in the form of a club. Like you can't even get close. Like I can do a lot of shit with heavy kettlebells. But when it comes to like one of those clubs, I take two hands to move around a 30 pound one right? Which is correct like if someone says like 30 pounds like, do you benchpress 30 pounds, bro, that's all we got here. 30 pounds, bro. Yeah, this is gonna get a pop. Doing something with one of these clubs. That's 30 pounds is fucking insane. You have to be so goddamn strong. And that sounds weird. Because it seems like well 30 pounds 30 pounds. But when you start swinging that shit over your head and it's long and so like the leverage is going against you look at him. Yeah, go fucking bulldozer. He was a bulldozer.

This is the guy that's on Twitter calling everybody.

Nazis I retweeted him the other day about Nazis. I love him. I was on stage with him and Toronto is one of my favorite moments as a human

con people just bronies Yeah, I

called everybody fucking hated everybody. He's a good man though. And he was a stud wrestler. But there's that's the dark secret of not just professional wrestling but of just real high real high level grappling. Like the damage that gets done to a lot of those guys bodies is almost unfixable and he's all fucked up. Now. He's got you know,

Ric Flair is like, not in a coma but in like ICU like last four or five days?

Yeah, I heard about that. And how old is Ric Flair?

60s? Maybe? Yeah,

you know, um, they pay a price they pay a price to entertain in that way. It's very, very physically violent. You just because it's not, quote unquote, a real fight whereas like there's an unplanned outcome and they're just throwing haymakers at each other like a real MMA fight just because it's not that doesn't mean that they're not taking in a lot of downtime they get hit with those fucking forearm shivers and dropped a fucking cheer on them like all that shit is fucking them up a lot of them have brain damage to a lot of I'm sure there's no there's no studies on it but I'm sure yeah, the enemy I'm sure some of them avoided it. You know, some of them fought smart and what

does he say? Well, there's that boy saying your song. I thought it was Halloween. Which drop a motherfucking bees Island

ghetto boys yeah

what was that like?

Oh my god, I haven't heard that and so long What song is that? Oh is the Halloween song right?

We've been checking up the place let's

face chicks on Yeah, that's it

this wasn't no more Nari was seven feet with whatever we triple team dot him dropping them motherfucking beat the more I do with the more I swung the more blood flow. Then he disappeared and then my boys disappeared

wow that's a classic man. Oh my god.

Bushwick Bill ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, remember the fucking the cover of ghetto boy C D? is Bushwick bill with his I shot out in a fucking nut not even this one. It's another one in the gurney right at the hospital. And it's like, we can't be stopped is the name of the album. He got shot. So hilarious, man. I think he shot himself in the eye. I don't even know what the fuck happened. Someone shot him in the eye. And he's like, we can't be stopped. Yeah, he's in the gurney. Like, look at this. Oh, yeah, right. Damn. Yeah. So he's on the phone. He's got one of them bricks. He's got one of them brick cell phones from the olden days from back in the Gordon Gekko days, guys, I'm playing games. And so he got shot in the eye. And while that's happening, he's on the phone doing deals. doing deals. Still doing deals

was the cost and money. Like as they were pushing this uh, well why don't we take pictures? We could put this Yo yo yo, we gotta take a picture. Let me take

let me take this bandage up very quick. Oh my god, man. Yeah, the who's the midget? That's that's horrible nomenclature, sir. I don't think you'll

think because John Wesley. John Wesley saw him fucking change in the flat ones in Houston. Really? And he pulled over to help Bushwick Bill was How cool was that? Bushwick bill.

I met with a show once it came to a show. Yeah,

it's got one of my favorite quotes all time you got to let a hole be a hoe

it's totally he's totally right.

And really didn't shoot his eye. Oh really did? Oh, yeah. That wasn't a publicity stunt. Look at that. That's crazy.

Men that face walking up to you. They were like at a store and just be like I'm a celebrity. Oh my god. Fucking ice shout out. They were

fucking huge at one time ghetto boys for sure. True life now that you we can't be stopped. We can't be stopped as a big fucking album.

They were huge. No, yeah.

I used to listen to them when I was on the tread master. Fucking Stairmaster things whatever the fuck it is. Rap

a lot. Right? Isn't that the Houston? Label? Wasn't that rap a lot. They put us on the map.

Yeah, rap a lot. That's exactly what it was. That's right.

The white dude with the teeth.

Oh, Paul Wall. Yeah, I think he's still he still makes teeth. Does he make grills Yeah, yeah.

Makes Joe you should get Paul.

We should all get grill. That's

a good idea. For real. That's a great Christmas and death squad. Let's fucking do it. Will you do it? Please? Please do it.

How many teeth? How many teeth was

just get a Roman let's just do well not like one leg tops or bottoms? We

go to Paul, for sure. Oh,

what's up Joe Rogan 1000 I forgot your lips. No, it's fine, man.

What if it gets hooked up on your wife's puzzle?

That's That's cool, too, because diamonds should be cool with it.

Gotta yank it out of there.

I'm not sure is it for the denture grilles? How much denture girls let's see. That was what's the cost on that? There you go.

Those are the ones you slide right off at? Diamond grill. Rice. What about people that want to be diamond? 2400 Whoa, that's not bad. No. $2,400 for

two jewelry in your teeth.

Just to let everybody know you're not playing by any. You're definitely right. If you meet a dude, and he's a number of gold teeth. Like the number of gold teeth. He has direct proportion as to whether or not he's a pirate, dude. Shoot

your next special wearing these motherfuckers let people know what time it is man. I'm serious. JR II and then put the name of the special on the bottom. I

need a hype man. I've been thinking of calling you on this. I would love to figure out like what's what's my best strategy trying to hype out the word.

You know what I would do? As soon as you hit like a big punch line. I will go and that was fucking funny. To get them wrapped up

in John, when he makes a huge just showing up and going yeah. Yeah, like 50 grand the fucking. I'm

sure man. Well, what's the day's pay was like Paris Hilton was like one of the biggest things that she had was like those nightclub appearances. She'd go in there. Just pay our girl. Rent the money. Yeah, just just show up. Hey, Rosemary. When I was

in Orlando, gave her some guy gave her a club. It was called like club Paris. Oh, everyone was supposed to come show up and like cuz she was supposed to be there every weekend. Right? She's not going to Orlando every weekend, obviously. So it was that the idea that he had how coked up? Are you going in business with Paris Hilton? I gotta Yeah. I'm gonna give her a clap.

Cool. This year, you see the connection?

If you're if you're hearing this guy who made that deal. I'm sorry. I'm just joking around. I don't really think

that one day we're fucking that hot. Like, we first go into the comments to a sunset. When you hit Laurel Canyon, it was bumper to bumper traffic. Right? Okay, it was bumper to bumper traffic. I remember getting a ticket one time because I had my spot was up. I just wanted the middle lane. There was a cop right there fucking Whateley by the standard. You know, that was one hell. And what's the other chick that was getting in trouble? Lindsay Lohan. Yeah, they were out every fucking nice true cause and prom and then Lindsay Lohan went to the griddle before court one day, she went to that place that we went to the breakfast place. Yeah,

good place.

That was it after that the griddle was packed for fucking months after that because people found out Lindsay was only going there for breakfast every morning.

They had those crazy pancakes right it's like still get pancakes. I mean, but I'm saying that it's like 18 pancakes on Monday like there's your pancake nuts kill you they'll kill

you kill your coffee like 15 years ago that was Oh yeah, they were 15 fucking years ago stuff

yeah friend Yeah 15 years ago they had coffee from like Hawaii there Yeah,

they were doing a good job there. I just don't like weight on life eggs, bro. I'm anti weight not one I'm on

a man so I'm waiting in line matrix. period for restaurant I mean when something kind of reasonable fine obviously it's like your table. You know the table used to hang out but when they're like this place is awesome. Just hour and a half.

Like have you ever done Franklin's barbecue in Austin comes

up every time I'm not staying in line. I'm not paying $8 An hour get more fucking help. And come on get more fucking waitresses. The Watson hamburger place they do it. Yeah, they got people out there I don't like I think it's just ways to be cool. Some people sit there for eight bucks an hour for Yari likes that shit does sitting there. Listen, nothing. I don't want to wait for nuttin. When I go to breakfast in Hollywood. I gotta go to doctor. Yeah, I stopped by the griddle first. Yeah. Why is it still nuts? There? It's still a little line. Yeah, but if they give me any drama, there's a bagel place across the street. That's tremendous. Yeah, to get a nice clean Turkey Bobby that make fresh front of Turkey and pull on your bagel Bobby. A bucket around Jack the

best wizard job and all Hollywood is pinks. Yeah, it's the worst day they are good for damned wizard. Terrific. I

remember horrific coming like moving here. And you'd like to hit that

spot? Line. You get one of those hot dogs on the hot dog. You're in the hot dogs.

No, actually. It's like you actually wired into it. And you're like, This is amazing. And then what then you take then you take another bite. You're like no, I just, I just hate myself on it.

But listen, fuck us. That place is crowded every goddamn night. Every day is something smart about cooking outdoors to having that open window. We'll see walked by. You can see them cooking the hotdogs. I

went in there and the buns were pink. The buns were yellow. The chili was god awful. You know what the problem is? God awful.

The real problem for me is always going to be that I've had real New York hotdogs snap when you bite them at bread. You know there's those type of hot dogs that they were making. The buns were perfect that

runs go so far with burgers do amazing things.

But there's something about when you snap into one of those and you taste that real fresh, real delicious hot dog tasted a regular bullshit hotdogs. They just don't fly anymore.

Like Dodger Stadium. Those are the worst hotdogs you'll ever

know Adam Carolla is in some sort of a beef with fans about that.

It's a hot dogs. It's got it's like you read don't we have American Airlines? You think you're poisoning yourself? Every time I get the oatmeal from America and I'm like, am I fucking poison? Those dodgy dogs are so fucking bad. They're horrible. I don't give a fuck what anybody says. When I was in school from junior year.

What's that word? excoriates? He excoriates the Dodger dog implores rams to serve better beef. What is that word? Have you ever seen that word? Wow. Whoever you are Word Wizard of Google.

My junior year in high school. Mr. Hildebrand took us to the fucking sat Brett place just to take us take us through a little walk. You know, because what his job was to do is to every month to show us different career opportunities. And we went to this this hot dog thing I don't like we had take a bus down there. Have you ever seen that? No. Okay. So there's four Puerto Ricans that brooms, and they got yellow suits on and they got those boots on. Okay. And there's a fucking you know, when you work on a construction site, and you throw the sheet rock in the tube, and the tube goes down to the first floor into the dumpster. Okay. So it's a tube like that. And then there's this for Puerto Ricans were brewing and then six Puerto Ricans with bags of 80 pound and 90 pound salt. This is back in 1980. Okay, you know, 90 pounds, and there's pallets of 90 pounds. And every once in a while the light turns red. And this thing, just body parts start falling. Heads, shoulders, eyeballs, you just see it And then these guys are the Puerto Ricans break bags of salt and put them on this ship. That's folly. Like it's not stopped, bam. And these guys sweep that into a fucking hole. And that's how the hot dog gets, but it's everything. It's the leg the hoof beyond, you know what you think what happens to a leg? When somebody gets into a car. So the four or five, we think happens to the leg. You think they take it home? Fuck no. They call home? Well, first, they go home. Well, we got a black leg for you. It's about 300 pounds. I will call you back in five minutes, then they call White Castle isn't the real deal for you. Then they hang up with him. And they and they call it steak comes and they send that Lego? What do you think they're gonna do with that big fucking leg? That weighs 300 pounds? You think they just put that leg away? Fuck no, that's a tweet.

Could you imagine if they found out that people were were grinding up people they found the morgue.

Imagine if that was true. The male was killing people. And he had a friend at a supermarket that owed him money. So at night he go kill him in the supermarket and put him in the meat grinder. And the next day people come in and put that meat. What the fuck were you eating? What do you think was leftover in that buck? Yeah, he ground leftover in the Yeah, for a couple of couple of his murders. He had a guy that on the money for Shylock.

He was like, it wasn't even draining people training people training

them upside down and training people. The other guy from the Gambia and I was holding the chain of supermarkets. That was guy from the game. The other guy from the Gambian owned great web Great. White auto immune Queens is shit. They have those people that balance your ties and shit. Oh, no. Well,

that's not intelligent businesses. That was a good way to declare income.

The other guy had the guy that the heavy guy caught the uh, something that guy was a known heroin dealer. He was on the board of director of news bombs of a supermarket. Let me say what this motherfucker did. They had about 30 restaurants at about 30 supermarkets in a Jersey area. And one day, he just called local 202 carpenters and said Do me a favor, go to every supermarket and add an aisle. So every supermarket had an aisle that whatever they took, went directly to the mom, bow. So they had 13 supermarkets were like, aisle number five, wasn't really on number five, nobody knew about number five. So whatever was bought in that aisle, that cash went upstairs for 13 supermarkets on a daily basis. They would just go into a supermarket and add two lanes go we don't even don't worry about those two lanes. Wow, how fucking bizarre is that? Yeah, yeah.

Just it's crazy that the FBI, and all the people, various law enforcement organizations figured out a way to crack that and break it down. They

cracked it after they made 10 million. Then they cracked it, you know lives in Studio City Bell, who I just met him at this coffee shop about three months ago. I talk to him all the time. And I'm about to second loose on people. Sick and loose on people who the last Godfather in this country was a guy by the name of Joe something big fat guy. He came out and he may never be shut down. He was fucking genius. Joe came out of jail. When everybody shut the social clubs. Everybody had to have a job. Everybody had to have a job. No drugs. Everybody stuck to it. They were doing phenomenal. He was doing phenomenal Joe Messina. But somebody was shaking down a restaurant and he went in there. And they were giving him 20,000 A week for security. So they couldn't figure out how to get Massino because he wasn't doing anything outside. And they got this forensic accountant to go in there and they shut down tomorrow. This guy well, this guy retired. Lives in fucking Studio City. We would talk on the one day goes for 1000 bucks. Somebody gives you a hard time. You have the right to go in there. And look at the books. He goes don't bring no he's fucking white. It is from Hollywood. Bring me because I'll find everything in there. Plus, I'm making a deal if they don't pay you. I call my friends at the fucking IRS. And I will have him here within a day looking for you as well. So we're ready to sick motherfuckers I got one guy. I'm ready to stick them on. He keeps telling me oh, we haven't made the money. Keep it up. Keep it up because I'm gonna stick this little fucker. And this guy is one of those. He's not even Jewish. He's just crazy and white. But for 1000 bucks, he'll go in and he was the same guy that brought down 1000s of people for the FBI. When they can't figure it out. Forensic fucking counting. You're done the math better add up Jack. Jesus Christ. Oh. So anybody who gives you guys a hard time we don't know we haven't sold a lot of them. 1000 bucks, and he'll go When that he's fucking when you look at him, he's one of those white dudes that did 30 years in the Marines that he's pretty serious. He goes out, rip them fucking open for you. I'll find every dime and then I'll make them an offer. They can't refuse that they got three days to give you a check for the unknown whatever. Or we contact our bodies and the IRS now have more than 24 hours to look in your household until they find something.

Is that true? Can you really do that? Whatever the fuck you call the IRS and go hey, man, watch,

ask or ask or wait till you see the end of the year. Wait, wait till all these people who've been talking shit about Trump. You think Kathy Griffin's not gonna get harassed and anybody else you watch? I don't trust Trump when it comes to something like that. I'm not saying he's a bad dude or anything like that. What I'm saying is Trump's one of those dudes you really don't want to mess with? I believe that. I believe that if people want to put pressure on you, they could get you to the IRS. I think agencies have been doing it for years. I shouldn't even what

did you guys think of this Charlottesville stuff? And his reaction to it?

I think he's just a big failure, man. I mean,

what was what did you feel like,

he fumbled on and what I thought was like two levels, like so there's the there's the leadership, like presidential level, right? Where you go, like, this is the office that we look to. And then there's like the person. So I think he's, it's weird how he makes you know, everything is about him. And he even started one of those press conferences, and it went into like, how the economy's doing so like, I think it's hard to view that dude, morally, as somebody that you're, I don't know, you that you would enjoy being around as a person. And then I get I actually I get what he was trying to do. I do too, with his criticizing and Tifa itself, like I you know, I get it, but like, it's the lack of savviness is even maybe more like, in that knowing, like, this is a time where you do this and not that that's also something you're like, wow, like, he just just feels like it's he's totally unfit for the job in my opinion. Well,

I also feel like when you're the when you're the president, the workload must be impossible to imagine before you get in there. And then once you get in there, you're dealing with all these pressures, all these super important decisions and all these different areas and then some new shit comes up I

really think I'm not even saying this as critical of like I don't like him. I really think he is and the only a few other people can experience this is truly like holy shit with what this job entails.

I think so too.

I think it's really like one of those things where he's like, wow, and you can see that he's constantly like he always referred to the campaign still always yeah any conversation we'll talk about like I beat those guys and and yeah, because I think that's the part that he enjoyed he enjoyed the competition all days of the campaign and I think like and then you know, he's always bringing up like the new like, but the dad was setting records for for months and months and months but like he'll still you know, tweets will be about that or interviews be about that he can't not make a conversation a statement with I think talking probably is

a connection though between the doubt being up and him being in office and people think that he's friendly business

markets love it. There's definitely no doubt about that. But there's also no doubt that unemployment was at record lows and setting records before Yeah, and the Dow has been breaking has been on an upswing for years now. Isn't

that how it always is like presidents always come in and take advantage of the upward like there's like of course, he's not the first highly predictable right but the economy does come in these ebbs and flows. It does

come in as it flows in the market inevitably at least in the history of it always comes back always comes back you know if you even if you stayed through like Black Monday if you the market still eventually comes back.

I'm too stupid to understand that I'm too stupid to get the market you know you're not No no, I mean, I am in the sense that I'm not really interested in pursuing those lines of thought I get that that's different. My brain is just like yeah, this seems like a pot of shit to me. I gotta get out of here.

Guys you gotta gotta believe this. I don't know anything that happened. A stock market strange. I know some white supremacist somebody showed Oh shot right I don't pay attention yeah had a disconnect myself. I don't watch world my you all that

happened. Let me tell you what these guys were

doing through Photoshop. Yeah, they finished what

is that spray that makes everybody gay that they put on frogs. They're now using a J Crew like, you know, like Abercrombie and Fitch does? Yeah. As you walk in and they hit you with that that gay frog spray. You know I'm talking about No, it makes you gay. So a bunch of dudes got crazy tattooed swastika on themselves took their shirt. They're all walking around with citronella candles that they got from like a hardware store and that was the stupidest part of it all. That can't. They had like torches. They're walking down the street with like, Come Aren't you you guys are walking around with lawn torches and purses

and even make the Frankenstein one where you get the gas and run and chase.

The stars have aligned. The prophecy has come true. Alex Jones and Eddie Bravo together on episode 911. This is episode 911. Podcast. No, I'm not. I had to fucking work hard all week to grind out podcast to make sure that I hit episode 911. Well, we booked it. I knew how to go. Okay, there's a certain number of podcasts I have to do to get this to 911. So Jamie and I worked it out. And we did it. Let me just say I'm very envious, because I'm in my studio under bright lights. And I've talked about going back to when I was just on radio that darkness we can really think this is a wonderful studio. I'm going to do a studio, my next one with a fire pit. I'm going to have conversations outside. I've talked about that. Yeah, because it's like primitive triggers. Yeah. It's comforting. It's feels good. And it's kind of cool lighting. So that's in the next studio we build, I'm gonna build a fire pit. I'm gonna get some logs, some actual real fire. You can only do that like certain times of the year in LA though, like when they when they have fire season, they wouldn't let you do that shit. We will usually have like a little balcony or like a little outside courtyard with your fire pit and you kind of give it I want a real fire pit. You know, like, I feel like if you're gonna have a fire, I'm sure you have, you should have actual law, you shouldn't lie part of the year and I will too. And then we'll just have a big one fire in the jungle and create a whole Renaissance is what we're talking Donald Trump. Helicopter Secretly, secretly

thinks

I could fix a lot. We could fix a lot with that. I'm showing you like a decorated correspondent for the news. Now the fox going on? What do you mean? I mean, you're a euro euro, like official White House guy now. Right?

Do Can you like you're actually like a news guy. Like a lot. 100% legit? Well, Sheriff, I'm setting up stations Bureau and stuff, but that's just part of it. But like, you're you're in deep with the Trump administration. Well, I've had Trump on and I talked to him. So but I mean, really? He's your buddy. Really, really. It's just that we're covering the resurgence of America. What made the country great, lower taxes, empowering the people bring people together, the opposite of what MSM said, what's happening is mainstream media is literally almost dead. It's collapsing. I mean, look at you. I mean, I remember having dinner with you, like six, seven years ago, and you're like, Yeah, we got a million downloads a week. Now. It's 90 million or whatever it is a month, and 20 million on YouTube. And for Infowars. It's similar numbers. It's a good week's 40 million we've had as many as 85 million people listen on radio and tune into videos in one week. That was election week. But our normals 40 something million. It's just crazy. How can they compete with that their skill delusional. The average CNN show us like a million viewers foxing. Since the big swing and deck, it's got three 4 million, it's all I'm sorry, people transmitting and broadcasting to geriatric homes. You know, you see Fox News and CNN and nursing homes. You know, you see 10 years old, 10 years old at the college and beyond the Joe Rogan experience and it's Info Wars, and it's always other folks. It's amazing. Yeah, it's a weird time, isn't it? It seems like those shows where you have to tune in from eight to nine and you have to sit through the commercials. That's kind of all gone away because of DVRs because now people just have to wait a few minutes. So you could DVR through all the commercials, or you record things after the fact out of every like 15 years ago saying the internet killed television. They haven't announced it yet you watch it's gonna kill it. Because how can they compete with what you can do on the internet? You know, a guy getting screwed by a horse or you know, whatever it is

to help you compete with all this craziness. You see a guy in China that got jacked by the tiger today. I did see that a few yesterday. Actually, it was a yesterday Oh, let me let me not pay admission and just go through here. Well, they even shot at the tiger. So they scattered the Tigers, they shot at the tigers to get them off this dude. And then even after the bullets were shot off, this tiger was like, Nah, fuck that. I'm going back in. And he ran in after they shot at him and finally killed the dude. And it was all everybody's got their phone up and they're all filming it.

Fell in or jumped in. He jumped in. He wanted to get killed. Oh, really? Yes. Yeah, he would know this. That was another guy who went in with a lion and tried to convert them to Christianity to see the that guy

went in with the Bible. He's trying to convert the lions line just fucked him up.

I'll tell you what's crazy.

Imagine trying to convert him maybe he was just like praying the motherfucking lion when he you know he went in on his own. He was talking to them in the name of Jesus. And he's like talking to them. You never seen it. Jamie pull it up. Definitely probably schizophrenic. See, here he is. He gets in there and he's talking to the lions. This motherfucker just jumped the fence and decided he was going to convert lines of Christianity and lions are apparently like way cooler than Tiger. They're like what is going on here? Tigers see people and they just fuck them up immediately. The line like barely fuck that guy up. It just kind of sucks because they're, they're more tribal or more like dogs pack animal. They're the only cat that's in a pack.

For a group so they're not, you know, as aggro. Exactly. When a tiger sees you, you're in my territory. I'm going to kill you. Yeah. Yeah, Tiger is a totally different beast. Like Tiger. Sometimes they'll like adopt another little animal, like a wild dog or something like be licking on it big nice to it like, Elephants eat it. Yeah, they do weird stuff.

Lions. Remember, the only way you could see this before is with those animal attack videos. Remember those animals. We started the same way. That was the start off with a dog attack. A dog attacking a mailman and iguanas out, attacked your leg. And then it slowly ends up with drunk Mexicans at a rodeo on a wild bull with a rope.

And those bulls are smart as hell, and they drag these drunk Mexicans and they drag their heads along the rails and just crush these dudes in between the railing like some serious brain trauma. Yeah, vicious brain trauma. They need one word with just 100% of that, because that was the most exciting shit.

Now, Jones, how the fuck is TV going to compete with that? So that's what we're saying? Yeah, they can't compete. So okay, that was kind of wrong, though. Because Netflix is TV. And it's also the internet. It's like both things. Sure. And it's forcing the power of Hollywood to basically disperse though. Yeah, well, they, I mean, look, it's it's better if it gets if if the ability to get your workout gets to more people, it's better. It's better if anybody can do like the competition, like these new YouTube stars, like all they have to do is stand in front of a camera. And this is zero production value. They don't have I mean, if you got a camera, you got an internet connection, you could have a YouTube show people find you interesting, all of a sudden, you've gotten millions and millions of subscribers. I mean, and he was bringing up this fact for your audience up front, a lot of MSM lies and says I'm this big right wing guy. But you guys know that I was really against George W. Bush, you were you were arrested early on in the Bush administration. I remember when when we first became friends in 1999. We were running around the White House or the the State Capitol lawn with George Bush Jr. and senior masks on and you were always again, sure the budget, that's why I supported Trump is the entire power structure, the media. I mean, the Vatican, the Communist Chinese, the Saudi Arabians all put money in and said stop him stop him. And then lines of the Russians were giving him money with no proof. And so the issue is he's simply trying to actually be president and not have special interest in their running him. And that's why the whole power structure is against Trump. So and he was asking before we went live, well, how is it your this outside guy against the establishment, but now you're for it. No, Trump's trying to create a beachhead, just to explain it, to try to take the country back and actually devolve power back to the states and back the people doesn't mean he's perfect. But notice the stock market went up $1,200,000,000,000, you know, just the last month or so, because a lot of institutional investors and others understand what Trump is trying to create real prosperity, not a bunch of social engineering, and I'm not here to pitch Trump to people. The issue is, is that there were major intelligence agencies and patriots in the government, who were sick of what was happening, and we're sick of Hillary and Obama backing jihadist groups of things. And so they're rolling those groups up right now. They really are standing up against him. And this is a historic moment. And and so there's been a counter coup through the electoral process in our country. And that's what WikiLeaks was. That wasn't the Russians. That was US intelligence agencies. I said two months ago, that Anthony Weiner in New York, might have a Dean's husband, the former congressman, that was working for Hillary. I said that he's under investigation for child porn. Okay. And then now it came out yesterday that they're looking at indicted him for child porn. Well, I heard that from the NYPD that came out yesterday. Yes. Wow. Why would it what did he do? He had something on his computer. Well, now, they won't tell us but I was told that tied into that whole pizza gate thing, which again, the media misrepresented what we said and did it came out and all those WikiLeaks all these weird codes, okay, like they there was a bunch of weird codes about pizza and about a piece of pizza. President Obama wants $65,000 and hot dogs delivered. And they're like, are these really good? Hot dogs? Hot dogs weren't as good last night. Well, these are succulent hot dogs. That's not about kids.

You have to be what is that about? It's male prostitutes. I mean, that's what the code means. Really? Yeah. Okay. Yes. How do they get male prostitutes to keep their fucking mouth shut? Well, cuz, you know, bad things happen if you don't federal child porn charges possible for Anthony Wiener, but I'm on record months ago, I'm on record months ago, saying that that's the case because I had those sources. And so the government good elements, the government know what's really going on. So the media that misrepresented and said, Oh, look at 4chan, they're talking about a thing called pizza gate and some pizza place in DC. And the media looks at it and says, Oh, Alex Jones is claiming all this bad stuff happening at this pizza place. I'm like, What is this? So they diverted some probably innocent pizza place to distract off of all the emails that the New York Police have and the FBI have. That's just this monstrous reported pedophile network. So to discredit that they go create a

IG story hoping we jump on it to then divert over to that story. And then once we're on that it diverts everybody off from Anthony Weiner watts, which then leads reportedly, which leaves reportedly a larger network. So they're playing that far ahead. So they're they're literally attacking a pizza place with fake stories just so that people can focus on that and take attention of Anthony Weiner. Yes, because I was connected to that story. It was connected to Podesta stuff in DC faster in New York, and all this other crazy stuff. So because we're making a lot of like long sentences here and a lot of long statements. But let's let's fair a lot of people that don't know what the fuck is pizza gate? There was this Ben Swann guy who did this recent piece about it and a lot of people got very angry. Did you see the piece? See the piece that he did? It seemed to me to be pretty measured, and he was making some connections to between that little that's that symbol for child pedophilia. Yes. And we're just pedophilia, right? And the Logos, the logo for the pizza place. He also made did he make the Hastert connection with Podesta while we pastored confirmed child molester and best buddies with Podesta and former Speaker of the House and then you expand on that. But let's let's do it step at a time. Okay, this is really kind of important stuff. So that's all 100% True, right? So it's true that Hastur it's in jail. It's true that Hastert is a known pedophile that a judge called a serial pedophile, right? Yes, true. Is 100% It's true that Podesta was friends with Hastert that's 100% Right? Yes. And then all this other stuff now becomes odd. Doesn't it become odd and but if you say it's odd, if you look at it, this Ben Swann guy with his what I thought was, he was just kind of expressing what is weird about this case. And when he did it, he got so much shit over it. I was kind of shocked. I was kind of shocked people calling him a moron. And listen, I got the same thing. But but that's what I'm saying. They build a straw man. So imagine 1000s of emails come out. With them talking about we'll have the kids ready, six, seven and eight in the hot tub at this time. And they don't see anything like that. Oh, it gets you gets really weird it say that. It was emails, there's 1000s of them. But it said we'll get the kids in the hot tub. Yes. I never saw that. Can you? Can you see if you can find that. To me. That seems like

the whole thing is so bizarre. It's like we're gonna have the kids delivered for entertainment. They'll be in the hot tub. Now. These are great kids, but kids can be kids. We know what's fucked up about it is how few people really mentioned that connection to Hastert I always thought that would be a huge, huge constant job. I love the fact that it's true that we're very astute. I just bring up this whole big topic of how they twist things. You go right to the key points that okay.

Barney Frank, who got caught running a underage male prostitute ring? In the 90s out of his three storey? townhouse. Yeah, I thought it was just a male prostitute. Like I didn't know somewhere, somewhere.

And then, but listen, I was with him up to age 19 Plus, or whatever. Sure. But then, but then what happened is he goes on CSPAN on the House floor and says, if you continue to investigate this, I'm gonna expose half of you that are involved in this in this room, and the investigation got shut down. So the reason this is important is for shadow government, you need something so bad that everybody who's involved in it ever, ever comes out will be destroyed. So that binds them all to the secrecy. So that's where child pornography comes in. And that's where pedophilia comes in. That's where you get so many of the elite being into it. But just as you said, you have the Republican establishment trying to get Hassard out of nowhere as a wrestling coach to run for office. Then reportedly, he's the poker just like Penn State. And just like they had dusky Sandusky and the underage kids, they were quote, mentoring, getting farmed out to supposedly big donors. What's crazy is this is where we were talking about two very specific cases are two very different cases. But what's crazy is they're both real. It's both real 100% and dusky, who is a very respected man in the community, did a lot of charity work with young disenfranchised children and was molesting them at the same time, and was super respected in the community and he was the right hand man to Joe Paterno. So that whole thing just fell apart in the headquarters from our research of the pedophilia is like Pennsylvania. Right? Okay. Well, that's a Franklin cover. And that's that's that's, that's up in public. What is it see Jamie says we plan to heat the pool. So possibly, Bonnie will be Uber service to transport Ruby Emerson and Maeve louzada 11, nine, and almost seven. So you'll have some further entertainment. And they will be in that pool for sure. What in the fuck? That's only one of them. That's a real confirmed email, right? Yes. Jesus Christ. So listen, here's the problem. So I have NYPD telling me before the election like a month before yes, we're investigating winner child porn photos. Go back to that please. I want to not just not just have kids out on the internet but but kids. He's

Communicating with and their parents or basically letting them communicate with him. If I'm told this by NYPD detectives, I mean, the Secret Service gave me information about how Hillary was collapsing all the time. Remember, we reported that they got caught on tape. So so so all this stuff goes on, and on and on. And so I'm not saying half the people or 90% of them, you know, are guilty or innocent in all this. All I know is we start covering it start asking questions, they then divert off into somebody on a 4chan forum pointing out there was some email about a meeting at some pizza place in DC where top Democrats go, they then turn the whole thing into I'm blaming some pizza place. I'm sending shooters into shoot people at a pizza place, make up all this crazy ass crap. When I never even said any of that. And then you go back to me two months ago, three months ago, I said the police have told me they're investigating Weiner for pedophilia and child porn when it was not in the news. Now notice it's in the news.

Release slow now before we get away from this cuz I gotta go back to that there was a quote up there that that Jamie pull up that I wanted to read the one in the lower bottom about this. Now this, these are the emails that you were talking about. And these are 100% confirmed emails. Go back to that one that was on the bottom. Scroll down. All these people are guilty. Yeah. What does that say?

Hold on a second here. So six grownups with two toddlers and two infants spread throughout the house. And sure enough, one of the toddlers was rubbing my nose at 545 What the fuck does that mean?

The FBI as a whole got back to retrieve the children. They threw in the towel and what?

I don't know, man. This is like I don't know what the fuck those emails mean. But let's just now I mean, everybody wants to immediately shoe this aways. Disgusting. But we

are possible. We're talking about two very specific proven cases, right? Hastur proven Sandusky proven real huge elite, powerful people that were also active pedophiles, right? Yes. So that's a fact who know each other in our bodies. And then you've got Podesta, his brother who's big in Washington, in an article in 2007. In the Washington Post, I'm gonna try to give you the exact headline, which was something like radical art or something. And it's like naked photos of the neighborhood kids in their house. And then they're showing it throwing in your face. It's just crazy. But that's not even stuff I get into. But there were but there is something to that because some of his artwork was super disturbing that he had in his house like little

pink butts. Yeah, they were they were in their underwear. And it looked like they had been paddled. And they were all standing with their butts face it more about this another thing. And that's all I do is cover these real ticks. Let me give you the news. Without Israel, the government got pissed off about this. The pedophile rings have gotten so big that the intelligence agencies began to leak all this info. And they knew Hillary was planning to steal the election, she did steal five states, according to the experts. And provably How did she do that? Let's try to break into six days let's not go on these wrong long rants where there's a bunch of different statements that need to be addressed. Sure. So let's just from right there, you got to get to that. Like how did she steal five states can't kind of gloss over that. Okay, so she tried to how did she try to steal six states she did steal five states? Well, Beth Harris was a big liberal, big Democrat at the HBO documentary Hacking Democracy, right. She's the leading expert. She was actually a month before the election through whistleblowers got the actual code that had been loaded on machines all across the country should have her in studio to steal the elections, I saw Hacking Democracy, and I saw that they did engineer those voting machines so that you could have a third party input and change it. And that was a non live on the show. And that was a decade ago with Bush, this is new. Okay, so she's the top election fraud expert. So she comes on my show the stories on infowars.com. And she says, We've got evidence, and then I had the hacking experts on and I had the industry whistleblowers on and I had the county officials on it every level we have the fraud proven that Democrat connected Gribbs were already loading code on the machines all over the country. But it's different companies but about things 18% on machines the country to be able to remotely break in and and flip votes. So because they were aware of that a bunch of states were waiting and watching and Homeland Security broke in live into six states and kept trying to flip the results. And they even have screenshots and videos of them in the computers in there clicking and doing it all. There's major investigations going on. You hear the news when Trump's crazy he claims illegals voted to make it about illegals. That was one statement in a larger election fraud deal of actual computers show so Trump knows about all this. So she comes on and says they're planning this fraud. Then she comes on after the election. She says yes, it's clear. Here's where precincts close. Here's where all this happened where 100% went for Hillary, or right after it closed all the votes that then came in were 100% for Hillary. They didn't even care but the landslide was so big for Trump. They couldn't steal it. She successfully sold five states. She tried to break into six others are her controllers

did and got blocked. The tsunami for Trump was so huge. With the real polling, we can break down later that they still weren't able to steal it. And now patriots inside US intelligence agencies are preparing to roll up the pedophile networks nationwide. So you've seen arrest in Pennsylvania arrest in LA, I haven't seen these arrests, who's getting it's just now breaking. And it's big, institutionalized. 74 arrests. 28 Sexually Exploited Children rescued during statewide human traffic operation, they're getting down on the ship to take over, right Holy shit. But look at the numbers there. 474 people arrested, but they're only rolling up the red fields that get the people for the psychic vampires. There's no insane is it that this is still happening? Right. So all the people that thought that this idea that you know what I mean, whether they tried to make it ridiculous by calling a pizza gate or connecting into a pizza place, everybody that thought that was ridiculous. It is not ridiculous that there could potentially be some sort of pedophile ring and see how they tricks how they trick us. They go pick some pizza place, probably up there, people go on, make comments on some message board, CNN, New York Times Washington Post the same day come out and say that all the emails are discredited from New York and California and Hawaii, because there's this innocent pizza place over here that some of the Democrats go to, and they're all saying that's where the pedophiles are at. Okay, so then the internet, all goes and looks at that, and starts trying to prove to disprove MSM, that oh, there must be something going on there. So then that turns that all into the big quagmire is a smokescreen from all the admitted stuff that's happening. Because again, I was told by my NYPD high level sources, that they've got all this stuff on Windows computer that just got scooped up, you know, during the whole hacking story in the whole story about Hillary and the unsecure servers, and that that was being blocked by Obama. And that as soon as Trump gone in, they would go back after a winner, then I was told by a former section chief from the CIA, that indeed, this was an operation that we're running against him to start leaking all this. And so what you're beginning to see is the beginning of all the pedophilia coming out as they roll up the procures that grab your kids out of backyards, or the dough out as social workers and get the kids or whatever. They're rolling all those up right now to get the Renfield Renfield brings the people to Dracula, that's the allegory I'm not seeing it right. So they're gonna now roll it up into the higher level groups. Right now. Well, here's the here's what's going on with a lot of this stuff we got you have to be real careful in how you describe these things, and how you talk about these things. Because people are looking for any little tiny thing to discredit it. And one of the reasons why they're looking at it, they're doing it for personal reasons, because it seems huge. No one wants to be ridiculous. No one wants to be a fool. And no one wants to be someone who's talking about conspiracies that aren't real. So people are very hesitant to talk about something that's unproven, but horrific, just just like right 15 years ago, it was a conspiracy theory that that the Catholic Church had any pedophilia, right, and we know 30 30% We're doing it. We now know the old Pope had to step down was blackmailed, with info about other high level priests by the new guy that came in.

I mean, this is heavy stuff. It's the Catholic Church stuff is absolutely horrible and proven over and over again and again. When I was a kid, it was rumor. It was just things that were whispered and would hear about it. And now it's always wondered how they're getting away with it. It's so out in the open, how come there isn't more psychic vampires stealing the energy from the kids? Well, what's the most common thing they do? Why find Varian in jail? The most common thing they do is they find very troubled kids that don't talk about it people with foster care kids with no parents, kids who have come from really troubled backgrounds but who are abused like Sandusky ran a abused Children's Shelter and group and then would take the kids out sometimes overnight enrich people's houses to make them feel better. Yeah, yeah, it's and the no one wants to believe that the is that the assistant coach and then all these powerful people that when he finally got caught he was raping eight year olds in the showers at noon on a Saturday at the Fieldhouse Yeah, and someone who worked there found it watched it happen walked in on them literally and that's what would it all fell apart. That's what always happens these guys get more and more arrogant and so all I'm telling you is I'm not saying anybody's guilty in these 1000s of emails. You go read them and it's like the last walnut sauce you brought wasn't very good. Oh, well, these are good walnuts. You're gonna Oh, I love walnuts. And then you go read the FBI break down what that's code for what's code for walnut just means people have brown skin. Oh Jesus Christ.

Well, you don't understand was talking about this for years. FBI chief former he discovered about Shabbat in Los Angeles. He was he was the head of the LA sector so people are gonna hear this and they go oh, there are a bunch of pizza gate truthers guys are a bunch of pizza gate truthers. There's there's an inclination to automatically dismiss things. Let me be clear. Let me be clear. I I'm on the air covering 50 topics a day, right? These emails are coming out on

I get contacted one of my sources, by people in the NYPD. I get sent documents, photos that are licensed law enforcement. I talk to these people, then they say, yeah, no, it's horrible. It's a bunch of pedophilia. You know, it's a bunch of child porn, it's all gonna come out. It's tied to all these different groups. And I'm just like, okay, so I go on air, and I say, Listen, I got this from real NYPD and other sources. And then Eric, Prince of Blackwater, who still runs with the biggest groups in the world. Does he run some sort of military operation in, like Bahrain, or Saudi Arabia? Absolutely. The point is, is that he comes from the UAE pew about it, he knows all about it. But the point is, is that all this happens, and he comes out in the news, okay, through the lighthouse, Oregon Breitbart, that's basically from Trump's mouth and says, Yes, we have confirmed high level pedophilia rings in the Clinton operation, we're gonna bring them down. And so that's what all this is. Why did Breitbart tweet about that in 2011? Do you remember that tweet, Breitbart News, came out March said, I'm gonna bring up the biggest thing that's gonna bring down the Democrats, and they poisoned him right here in California used to be a poison. Oh, absolutely. They killed him. Where did what happened? I didn't even know how he died. He thought he died of a heart attack. Oh, yeah. Are you laughing? Fake laughing pull up the laughing and just know, I know. You're gonna pull it out, Joe. I won't, buddy. You know, I love you. Anyway, pull up the Breitbart email or the Breitbart tweet, because it's a crazy Jonah's all about this. Well, the tweet is pretty insane. When you read it. You're like, Wait, what the fuck is going on? Like, every? It's there's an instantaneous reaction that people have intelligence.

Right, you're right. You're telling me people are doing this to kids? You don't like Get the fuck out here. That's nonsense. Yeah. But when you tell people about the stuff that's been proven, the ones that happens, they don't account they don't call. They don't attach, though. I was on air saying I'm told this by NYPD and like three different shows and that there's going to come out that we are sending child porn. And it's in the news and what they're saying what they're accusing wiener of apparently is sending sexually explicit text to an underage girl. That's what's against the law. It's so the calling of child porn, but it's essentially he was sending pornographic text to a 15. Year. Yeah, well, I was told it's a lot more than that what they're doing is just what they're doing is minimizing it because the higher ups are being told you don't let this out. Let me tell you, we're supposedly had 10s of 1000s of emails. We need to be a fucking comedian. For sure. He's a freak. He's got real problems. He's a good communicator. I bet he's hilarious.

Come on, don't you think all I know is I'm not saying even wieners a pedophile. All I know is all I know is listen. We all know about Jeffrey Epstein. Okay. And I don't know about the Lolita express just Google that. And what is that Bill Clinton's like on 20 flights versus a cell? Oh, that's right.

That has a temple in it. And then he was also flying to this Middle Eastern country with his cheek that's admitted pedophile with multimillion dollar checks and Bill Clinton on the plane. And Bill Clinton is a known sexual predator. Okay, so all this stuff's going on. And so they start bringing up lawsuits against Donald Trump with Jane DOE's claiming he'd been with Epstein even though there's no proof in the law because they make you log even on private jets. None of it was ever true. He admitted here is how Prague Prague progressive guru John Podesta isn't household name as world class under age sex slave up cover upper defending unspeakable drugs escapes me early on. Did John Podesta imagine his baby mmm FA I don't know what that is. Would be covering up for underage sex ops and h l hate crimes against blacks. Hmm.

I don't know what that means. What is m m f a young Jamie

Media Matters.

Isn't that sorrows? Yeah, that sorrows but also guess who owns the pizza place? Who are all this one on its Media Matters head guy David Brock's boyfriend. And that is where they have major Democratic Party fundraisers. And then they had they had rock bands there. That gave live spoken word dissertations of the love of children. What

I'm talking about guys like a golf drag about how much they love children. Have you seen this? Yeah, I don't even really want to repeat what they really pull it up on there's a video of them saying that comments. This is a common ping pong.

So you know what? Why is it mean? It's really it's a very, very bizarre subject. But why is this like so eat? What is this right here? You bring it up, Jamie. Okay, give me some volume. You

are very grateful that you are below a Subway sandwich shop.

Sugary sugery is known to hang out down here. He likes the girl sounds. Tomorrow is what are we listening to little boys.

actual

Mrs manager

references

anyway,

huh?

That's super weird that first of all, ping pong right anybody listening? Let's describe it that person looked like they were wearing a wig, a blonde wig and it was a guy

a trust transvestite or a woman who's just smoked every cigarette.

It's one of the two. But that's just a fact that that was going on at that place seems really odd. But that sounds like someone ad libbing. You know, we all have preferences like trying to be funny. It's almost like the guys in the in the in the crowd, and it's little boy.

There. Oh, yeah. A lot of creepy artwork connected to that guy. A lot of creepy artwork. I mean, that's a fact. There's a lot of facts. So it's one of those things, like

anything, and you're not saying that I'm not either. That's what's really important. I never even really covered this stuff. And then they hit me on the news, and also Swan going. They said these people were killing kids in a basement they say, okay, Megyn Kelly went on and took a clip where I was talking about Hillary's funding to hotties and Obama back in the Arab Spring that killed 10s of 1000s of people, hundreds of 1000s of people 1000s of children. Now, al Qaeda was putting kids which is ISIS into sex slavery. They edited that out and then cut it together on Fox News. With me saying and Hillary Clinton rapes and kills children in a basement at ping pong pizza. They literally now edit audio, but I was able to change your audio. I was able to go find the day with video with what I really said. And throw it back in their face. Wow, that's really blatant. That's a where's this? Can we watch this? Where's this that they did? Sure. I think you guys have the the comparison the two up Yeah, it's something like Megyn Kelly caught a giant lie against Alex Jones trying to find that we should we should play that.

fascinated me to get first of all, Megan Kelly so pretty. She can say whatever the fuck she wants. I think she looks like an old trainee. I love her. Do you think's loosely an old trainee? Yeah, you're hilarious

No, I don't like all trainees but thinks she's hot. You don't like you don't think Megyn Kelly's not just want to insult she's globalist. Oh, she's global. Obviously she's pretty Do you know Joe she's real ugly. She do you think that she was she's moved over to NBC. Do you think she's gonna change her tune now and go through the list for me. She wants to be the quote new Fox news show. They'll be the new kind of Glenn Beck. I'm a conservative, but I hate conservatives and libertarians. And I'm gonna speak for everyone and I can decode it all. So she's gonna go over there to be the conservative light and try to get them some ratings. So it seems like NBC realizes that's where the money is, is that were saying want to see how fake news is made from Megyn Kelly on Fox News. Do you find it Jamie? Okay, let's play it here. Here we go. Give us some volume. How this whole thing got started to gate conspiracy gunman. Mega because many controversies do these days. It began with a tweet on October 30. days after the FBI announced they'd be reopening an investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. Someone on Twitter whose name remains unverified, but has several 1000 followers posted that new emails found on anthony Weiner's computer confirmed that Hillary Clinton was involved in a pedophilia ring. The Twitter post included information from a Facebook user who stated quote, My NYPD source said it's much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking in international child enslavement and sex reports from the next day the places should be bubbling up in seconds. Now, this is probably the cold trying to debunk us. But what they do is they misrepresent what we're saying. So again, whoever these rogue people were or I don't know who they are saying, oh look, NYPD says it's wiener and all this. See how they were saying none of that's happening. Now it's actually starting to come out. I don't know how far how deep it goes. But this is when Kelly let's let it play out and then respond to it was we're gonna

write one book user who stated quote, My NYPD source said it's much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking an international child enslavement and sex ring. The next day the bogus claim was picked up by a website called your newswire.com message boards like 4chan and Reddit, right wing blogs and several pro Trump websites. Infowars Alex Jones a far right web host posted a YouTube video seen almost 500,000 times. Think about children Hillary Clinton is personally murdered and shocked.

Right.

I have zero fear standing up against the rumor spread inspiring some newfound internet sleuths to start digging around in John Podesta has hacked emails searching for proof and location of the so called sex ring. What they found were numerous reference

says to pizza.

Now here's what Alex Jones actually said. Resistance to tyrants is obedience message to Hillary

Jones. You can run or I think about children Hillary Clinton has personally murdered and chopped up. And right. We gotta have zero fear standing up against.

You heard me right Hillary Clinton has personally murdered children go tell that lone lion go and put a candle back to trigger anymore.

Tell the revelry Clinton is one of the most vicious serial killers the planet's ever seen.

God's gonna there's a twist to that. I'm not talking about the devil worship story with her chief of staff or campaign chairman, looking at the menu of blood and semen and body parts to Aleister Crowley event, the private event? Oh, no, I'm not talking about that. I mean, 200,000 plus dead Christians with her operation with Syria, and our operation in Libya and not letting the Christians get out and directing al Qaeda and ISIS, who target and murder children and put them through sex slavery and throw Catholic priests off cliffs and kill people in mass and murder gauge. And everything else you can imagine. Because they don't like peaceful people. And they caught everybody. They're for open society, and they love everybody. Anything they do is for degradation. And someone could have been killed inside of your restaurant for no good reason. People like Alex Jones, found a conspiracy theory that even the DC police say has no basis in fact, yes, it's a pack of lies. And it's dangerous. What happens

boyfriend to drive across four state lines with an assault rifle and enter a family friendly restaurant at three o'clock in the afternoon on a Sunday. I know Reddit has banned this topic on its website. I mean, slowly, but surely those who helped ban it are trying to dial it back out of the safety, United concerns for the safety of those who have been endangered by really this could happen to anyone. It's not just us. It's any single person. I know you said to our producers, it's also surreal until the gun comes in. Wow. And then some guy. So they went, they got it, they couldn't get it off YouTube, they got the full clip, they cut the front off knowing I was actually saying, I don't know about the Satanism before the term pizza gate was out there. But I do know she's funded the radicals I came I saw they die, who do rape and kill and cut up kids. So she personally is

you were making a very provocative statement. And you made a very provocative statement by saying something kind of crazy at first dish and then backing it up. And so what they decided to do was just edit a chunk of that. And so they didn't really have to edit it and chop it up. But they did take it as bizarre out of context and said that I was talking about comedy, right you weren't and I was talking about the spirit cooking Aleister Crowley stuff with the lady is written, it's real for her. And they go and I think little kids are these parties. And they have vats of blood. That's one thing if you were an adult wanted to do that, you know, issue some art project. This is real. And so I was about the menu, were there in the email saying, you know, we're gonna have plenty of blood, plenty of semen for you and other delicious things on the menu. And he's like, What are the juicy is on the menu, and they go, Well, we're gonna have cheese pizza, we're gonna have, we're gonna have the nut sauce, and we're gonna have the pasta, and we're gonna have you know, succulent hotdogs. We know he loves succulent hotdogs.

They go, Oh, God, I want to go back to that place in a way that the best hotdogs you know, it's like yes, it's we've got hot dogs and Obama wants $65,000 where the hot dogs live where the party will the hot dogs be there. And then it's in Stratford and CIA emails that got leaked by Wikileaks that now people cross reference where the CIA is like watching on look at Obama and Chicago and other hot dog party. Well, there's Obama is at a party with 15 Dudes, that's his issue. The point is, though, they can blackmail him with this and the stuff with Obama that's we never got pedophile codes with Obama. Yeah, no, it's it's men.

I mean, he's had his you're trying to say that Barack Obama is a homosexual, saying he's bisexual. How dare you? I literally don't even care. Have you ever seen him with a man? How do you know this is true? I've seen him with men walking down the street maybe he just likes to bring dudes in have conversations with him. Maybe he just worked hard to talk to people when you're the head of the free world. Maybe he had a party with $65,000 for the hotdogs? Yeah, maybe he loves hot dogs. He's sick. Fuck it. Fuck this diet. I'm not the president anymore. Yeah. Chillin Now listen, I trade 65,000 Hot dogs $65,000 He's ballin that's more than 85,000 hotdogs what a gourmet hotdogs with $1 apiece. $2. And how many? Super gourmet $5 apiece for each hot dog president needs a hot dog helping him. What if it turns out he was like a 10 time hot dog eating champion. He's like one of those probably. What does that say? He probably okay, let's say

he just really likes hot dogs here. Alex Jones. Like there's a whole article on sale for $65,000

Dogs $5 apiece. $5 per hot dog, right? But listen, you gotta get those delivered. Someone's gotta make them gotta grind it up, put it in the casing, the whole deal maybe gets like gourmet hotdogs, got to put those putting together some giant party. Some I'm out of this job party. I don't know. But what I what I'm saying is, there's a code for male prostitutes, okay, maybe it is. But what I'm saying is, anybody who's skeptical, anybody who's looking at this and going, you guys are so fucking crazy. This is you're making such gigantic leaps of faith, no leaps. Just look at all how with the weird code in those emails. There was definitely some code.

After this one, I'm in fact, my crew actually got mad to be honest with you. We started by the tracer. We're about five days into this and the news hadn't even picked it up. And all my crew was doing is all day reading 1000s of emails. I mean, there's 1000s that are just related to food, hot dogs and kids and hot tubs and Kid deliveries and, and oh, the spirit cooking. Oh, Aleister Crowley and, oh, there'll be semen in blood. I told my crew, I said, it's probably true. No one's gonna believe it, stop obsessing on it and stop reading these emails. Because I want to focus on the election and everything else that's happening. So then sites start accusing me of covering up the Podesta stuff before it's called pizza gate. And then I get blamed for being behind pizza gate. And I'm not even bitching. I'm explaining what it's like to really be trying to get at the truth. And then people take the fact that it's complex. She'd be better at this, the media was you know how to put stuff out clear and parse it. I just know all this crap. But you get crazy. Just a rant, people won't listen to me because I got too much data. And imagine what this is like. I mean, it's just I'm sick of it. I don't know everything that's going on. But I know this. I have good CIA people and FBI and Secret Service. Okay, telling me Yes, Alex, it's worse than you know, keep getting them it's gonna come out. And it's starting to come out and saying, watch, when we start arresting the pedophile networks, we're gonna roll up the Democrats and the Republicans that are involved. That's why Trump said in the speeches that the inaugural This is not about parties. We're taking these people on we're bringing God back in even somebody that wasn't very religious, like Trump has gotten religion learning about this. Because let me tell you something, Trump's not a devil worshiper and he loves God and he's been briefed on all this and he's gonna roll their ass up to the pedophiles better get ready. I want to I want you to clear something up right now look at that camera and tell everybody you're not Bill Hicks.

Tell so stupid. Tell him you're not I'm not either. Tell them well, numbers suck and people think there's a goddamn conspiracy. Here's what happens. Here's what happens. They think it's a flat or two. I take real stuff. Notice Joe's done his research not kissing his ass. So he knows all these little points I'm making better than I even did. I'm like remembering stuff when he brings it up because I try to suppress after this crap, I can't handle it anymore. Man. I'm 43 and I'm sitting here looking at all this and then these people come up to me on the street. They go, Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe sent me five times. And then I totally Oh, I knew you were you know, we're I mean, not just Jones, Alex, whatever. Whoever you fucking name is Alex Jones, the programming.

They say Bill Hicks. They say Bill, here's it I'll be on the street or I'll be at a restaurant and they come over they go. They say Hey Bill Hey Bill. Hey Bill made it really Joe Rogan? He's very easy. And I'm and I turn around they go Oh, no, it's you all because I did a few pieces in one little video with a guy that lived in Austin that you know, it's how I met you. You don't like Bill Hicks? That's what's ridiculous about it. Like what did you get like massive plastic surgery changed the way your voice sounds? Like your voice is so different than saying is that no one ever wants to look real conspiracies because they're complex and hard to understand. They want to just go with the Earth is flat. You know, there's aliens living underneath the capital Dinosaurs aren't real. Or well, no, I mean, less of the point is, I'm not gonna bash Eddie Eddie is it's good to have a free open mind. But he doesn't promulgate stuff. He's only researching what's been said. So I want to just get this out of the way. I am Bill Hicks. I'm actually you are how a Bill Hicks be like 60

I think he died at 32 in 1994. So do the math. I know one thing it's hot in here. isn't really. Oh, no. How do you know? I always keep my student really cold. Oh, do you get crazy You're a goddamn Elton Inferno. I'm melting. You know, there's a lot of people that don't know, like how you got started. But one of the things I thought was really bizarre and that thing was that lady was calling you a right wing host a far right wing host. You've never been a right wing guy. And it's it's a big misconception. Like you were always totally anti Bush, you got arrested, speaking actually, before Bush was even elected. You were trying to stop him from being elected. Back when Clinton was not what he stole the electorate from Gore, who I didn't even really like I still came out and exposed it and it's now been certified in Congress and they've documented I just go with what the facts are. But you've never been one of the things that really opened my eyes. This is a really important video that you did 911 road to tyranny. We talked about the World Trade Organization protests and how they had sent in these people in government uniforms with government issue boot.

And these anarchists that were dressed in black, and they it's that this is an actual tactic that they'll use to break up peaceful protests, will they'll send in soldiers or policemen or whoever the hell they're hiring, no one knows. And they send these people and they smash everything up, they start it turn into a violent protest and light things on fire. And then they all holed up in a building. And they negotiate their release, and none of them will ever arrested. And when you showed this clip by clip from these various news organizations, and you focused on the kind of clothing they're wearing, and the difference in their behavior versus the behavior of all the peaceful protests, and then show the result of it, which had these people that were walking to work with a WT o sticker that had a line through it, and police stopped them and said, you can't have that sticker on that. bookbag you admitted beta test for martial law. Again, I'm not anti cops themselves. I mean, he always spends it. You're supposed pedophilia, they blame some innocent pizza place. You expose the government trying to make cops do bad things. Now you hate everybody not even been cops. I mean, who knows who was doing Delta Force. That makes sense, Delta Force and blasting Delta Force, they were given the order by Clinton to go out and to recruit, and they recruited just about 400 left us Foundation funded grips funded by big private foundations. They trained him for about a month before in Oregon. They flew him there put them in a government housing facility. This was on the newsletter, I just covered local news story, they did retreat to a building and negotiated their surrender. And they were released. Yes, yes. But this is after all this property damage. You know, they went out to start the attack. So they had it on video. So they could then attack the 100,000 peaceful protesters. So this was something that mean, we don't like we like to think just like you don't like to think that pedophiles are real. You don't like to think that anyone in the government, whatever organize some kind of an attack, or some sort of a fake event where a bunch of people that you hire, to start smashing things to make a peaceful protest look bad. We don't want to think that that's possible. But it is boss. It goes on. But it turns out that this is actually a documented Yeah, tactic. Yes, it was the WTO. In fact, Esquire about two years ago, was doing a profile on me and the guy, his dad about a former CIA section chief and had been involved in bunch of stuff himself. And I told him, I said, Yeah, Delta Force ran those riots. And he goes, You're a liar. And I said, No, I'm not he went and googled it, and couldn't believe he got the Seattle post Intelligencer and stuff, and then even went and talked to journalists that knew because he'd been there covering it as a journalist, and he didn't even know so he says in the Esquire article, okay, Alex Jones, got me there. Because even though I'd grown up the CIA and stuff, I didn't know that was happening. But But let's be clear, it's criminal elements using compartmentalization that do this, they always claim I hate the government, and I want to have a war and all this other stuff. No, I have to give credit to the good elements of the CIA and the good elements of the NSA. I mean, I'm good friends. That's a very important point. It's a very important point. I've had this point with a friend of mine, who we're talking about. I've had Mike Baker on the podcast before and through the few conversations that I've had with Mike Baker was formerly the CIA. I get it you start getting an understanding of how it works like these drug dealings that always you know wonder like jets crashing Well, the coke on board they're cowboys. You got like a few dudes guys run inside sideshows give you do to realize they can make a fuckload of money if they sell and there might be a lot of people involved. But it's not the whole CIA. It's not like they have government memos on it. Well, what they do is they'll have a cover and option they're running. The president says do this, like Ronald Reagan did know about the cocaine dealing? I talked to folks that were involved actually for the points. He says I went communist knocked out Congress to give him the funding they go, what you do in the government is you go the President said do this. We're men of action. We're going to do it. So then there's cocaine already being sold. The contras are using it to get all their funding, we'll screw that. We'll just jack it, bring it in using private contractors, right? And then if there ever was my first time they did it wasn't true.

But yeah, it was it was a common tactic. They knew that there was money that was being made from selling illegal drugs, why would they let that money be made all around them? They're not going to that's the argument is you don't want to let the communist do all the cocaine and heroin or because then they have more money than you. Well, what the fuck is going on in Afghanistan? It's just as crazy and to people how much heroin production went up since our occupation? Anybody can pull this up again, that's what's frustrating as a lot of the fake liberal because I see myself as a real liberal, but a lot of the fake liberals just go oh, that's a lot of this is like, No, you can search engine opium production in Afghanistan, pre 2001. And then look at the latest years, it's come out in like 2014 15, it went from 3% of world supply to 7%, the 30%. And after 10 years of occupation, it went to 93%. Looking at supply so look at the heck went from

memory well, was all right. Well, they were it's pretty substantial increase between 2001 which is at an all time low on this chart from 94 to 2016. So 2000 ones and all time low.

And then the next year it fucking skyrockets but Google, BBC and AP just type in

Afghanistan 90 plus percent world opium production. That's very, very common 93% And listen, and they say it's only also for like, opiate pills or is it just everything? So it's like OxyContin some things. They ordered the trips to the Taliban that works, whether it was allowed to grow it, and then they're allowed to sell it to whoever wants to buy it. Well, not just that there's been documented confirm instances of troops that are being forced to guard poppy fields. Sure. Well, that will only break it down for right when this shortcoming is on Fox News with Geraldo Rivera. Absolutely that shirt that came out a year after I broke it. And again, let me tell you how they work.

It comes out that the trips are being ordered right there it goes 90% of the world's supply of opium according to the United Nations, and it hit 93 last year. How many years old is this couple there's like three years old. That's two years old. See, it's gone up to 93 right now. Jesus Christ Shabbat See, I didn't lie. I said 93. And it's nice for this. Yeah. So but that's what's so frustrating is you know all this and then and then people still call you crazy. Now what Alex, why do you explain the fake news SIOP? Why do a lot of people out there think Infowars has total fake news? Why do they think that that is a major deep state government program funded by Soros mainly and they found the most effective way is anti Israel bashing. And so this came on the WikiLeaks last year that US intelligence leaked not the Russians that he's in there saying we're going to overthrow Israel we got to deal with Saudi Arabia and we've got to like up the ante with anti Israel rhetoric I'm somebody that was neutral in Israel never been there had nothing to do with it Israel has liberals conservative some good administration some bad but I'm not anti Israel it's a tiny little place I know it does some things that are bad compared to what we've done it's nothing so I just don't have some giant heart on for Israel you know wanting to hurt them and and and I'm not against the Palestinians or anybody else. Everybody knows that show show when they kill Israelis for no reason I say it's wrong. When they white phosphorus bomb Palestinians, I say it's wrong. So I'm sitting there covering all that. And then they just put out that I'm this Israeli agent, you know, all day long are on the CIA. And let's not get into these crazy rants about crazy accusations of fake news. Why do they think Info Wars Wars is fake news? I don't know you that a lot of people out there smart people really intelligent they they think that the real news is CNN. Okay. Well, let me explain. You've got attacks from below and above, you've got major funding by Soros and others who's a real life Nazi collaborator, like true, Dr. Evil. The latest James Bond was based on his real a company. It's even named after his company. The bad guy in the movie is actually Soros. Yeah, he tried to crash the power breakdown angle, and he's really bad news. So mi 618. But long story short about George Soros.

He's funding this attack on me and any independent media, how do you attack independent media, when the public's awake to Deep State and Government stuff? You say Alex Jones is the government. And then they always ignore real facts. I talk about where I admit, so my family and stuff has worked for the government and they said the government is corrupt and out of control. That isn't even a real debate. But but above that, what was your other question? He had a question with his question was

explained the subtle anti let me let me just explain. It's pretty easy. They're in direct competition with him. If it's Fox News, if it's CNN, if it's anybody that's distributing news, you're in direct competition with someone who has an independent news organization, they operate it themselves, and they do an online show. Just shut it perfectly. That's it. Alex is in a very unusual position because he's a magnet people, people who are drawn to him like a lightning rod. He says a lot of crazy shit. He goes on rants, he's very animated. He's fun to watch. And a lot of the shit he says is correct. And we're getting into this right now. Like this, this thing about the WTO, which was, like I said, was one of the first ones that really opened my eyes. It was a long time ago to that was like, you put that video out in 2002 or something. Like when was that? 2003? That was like 2001. Yeah, it was right after 911. Yeah, right after September 11. And I remember put it on the web, right? If that exactly. I put it out on like, DVD or something before that, but you just hit it, Joe. So we try to actually think and codify this then because my problem is, I don't script that I say that it's kind of all over the map, which is a good thing. Also a bad thing. You just fill in the head. You ask your question, why do they call me fake news. We just saw Megyn Kelly, two weeks before the election, say in a whole hour long show special against fake news. We've played a few minutes of it. Alex Jones is the king of fake news. He just said Hillary is chopping up children inside a basement at a pizza place. Now granted, I was saying it in satire about her in the Middle East. So it begged for them to take it out of context. But they clearly did that to deceive their viewers. She's ranting herself. I'm real You can trust me. Look at this poor victim Alex Jones almost got him killed when none of it was true. When none of it was you're based in reality and what I what I was getting was from the NYPD, okay, and the FBI who are who are good people, at least those agents show there's an example of them branding texting and and they'll take something real

I've said or they've taken videos where I'm acting stupid,

you know, with like 5x or 6x underwear, they're given the illegals or whatever. And they'll show me with underwear on my head and say, Look, this guy's crazy. And I get it. I cover serious topics so they can take it out of context. But when I'm being serious, which is 90% of the time, I tell people, but when Joe comes in, and we've got Joey, Joey Diaz, Joey Diaz talking about, you know, kidnapping people. I started laughing. Yeah, we had fun. Look, you're a normal person. And that's, that's what people find hard to believe. When I tell people. I'm friends with Alex Jones to get the fuck out of here. I think he's a great guy. Great guy. We have a good time together. Very nice. Joe, you're a great guy. I just wish we aren't also busy and hanging out more like in the old days. I know. Well, we can do it. I'm gonna come back to Austin. I'm trying to get to Austin, probably this spring trying to figure out when and when and where I'm gonna get. But I love Austin, where you live is a fucking beautiful place. Well, I know these topics can be quite frankly, exhausting the Harford they are but but I'd like to show up today. Really get into the big picture and what I believe is really going on, because I figured out the basis of what's happening. And I'm gonna let you I mean, if you wanna hear some far out stuff today, okay, because what you experienced I mean, I'll go through it. Okay, let's go. Okay, let me take a piss then. Go ahead. Joseph. Always so slick and calm. So are you ready? Me, I get in here and I just yeah, we're gonna bring it down. We're gonna like bring it down to earth. Every now and then you're gonna launch into orbit. We're gonna grab you by your heels. Bring it back. We're gonna be fine. We'll get through this thing of this and then tell some shit. Where's the bathroom? And right through that door to the right. Powerful Alex Jones. So far at Bravo, everything you wanted more? Oh, absolutely. I'm just sitting here letting them just letting letting the people letting your fans know that have never listened to my listener Alex Jones every goddamn day. And she take a day off every now

to gloom. He's a good guy. You know, he's always been a good guy. People that don't listen to him. They they believe what the mainstream media has said yes. But it's also he makes it easy for them by saying crazy shit, like Hillary Clinton chops up babies and all that stuff. And I know he's doing it for dramatic effect. It's one of the reasons why the show is so popular because he does a lot of things like that. It makes it easy for people to dismiss them. And then you get into this thing. Well, okay, let's before you dismiss him, let's look at what he said. What is he said, that's true. And we look at what he said everything he said today so far. So

far, everything that he said. It's just like his radio show. Yeah, he doesn't have any teleprompters. This dude can talk for hours forever, right? That's the thing, though, when you wind up doing a lot of podcasts, especially doing these radio shows, shows like Alex says by himself, we just rant and rant and rants for long periods of time. You they develop like a certain muscle. Like there's a lot of guys who do their own pod like bill burr is a perfect example does his own podcast by himself all the time. And he's got this ability to go just rant from one subject to the next subject and keep going. And when you have on a podcast, it's just you just kind of got to get out of his way. Yeah. So with Alex, you just kind of got to feed them. Some subjects get out of his way. But every now and then he does so many subjects in a row. I gotta bring it back. I gotta go. You gotta Okay, let's get to this one. How did she steal the states? He just can't gloss over that. Let's get to this. Okay, let's get to it broke it down for ya. He did a great job. Yeah. And this is, I think this is gonna help people have just seeing Alex like this is going to help people have

a chance to look at this whole picture of just forget about where your loyalties lie. Whether you enjoy CNN or Fox News or whatever, they just sit outside of it right now. And look at what it really Yes. Because what it really is, is why is anyone wants to give you the news? Are they giving you the news? Because they love you? Are they giving you the news? Because it's a program and they're trying to make money? And do they have access to certain people because they're willing to play certain games, most likely, when you're looking at something that's on a major league television show, whether it's Fox News, or NBC or CBS, or whatever the fuck it is, you got to go through some serious channels to get there. There's how if you're a guy with a suit, and a tie, good evening, America, and you're doing that guy that that guy on any of those major networks, you've had to go through some fucking serious hoops and ladders and checks and balances. You got to represent something in order to be the person who reads the news. But what is that news for? Is it a fucking show? Or is it really the news? Are they really trying to help you? What are they trying to do? You know what, why? Why are they doing the news? Are they doing it because they love you and care for you? And they want you to be informed? Or they're doing it because they're clearly biased and they've got an agenda. Well, if you watch Fox News, and then CNN just go back and forth. Whenever there's something going on. Like I did it after the election. I was like Fox News, CNN, Fox News, CNN. It's Who the fuck is telling the truth? Someone's gotta be lying. Why don't you Fox is lying when you flex his line because there's one story over here and is a totally different story over here. So all you need to know just looking at that. Just forget about what you are whether you're a progressive liberal, whether you're a conservative Republican, just look at that.

and understand that you're getting all of your information from the sources that have a vested interest in relaying their particular version of the truth that's not good for anybody that represents the majority like foxes totally get me no matter what

I do come on get one Freddy bravo to what's good crazy bring out the hatch I hope that people that listen to your show the people that have never given I want to get going for a while let's do is do it bring out the whiskey all I want. Like for me, I don't want to be this conspiracy guy making money and and doing shows. I walked away from my podcast I was talking about conspiracy. I really don't want to be that conspiracy guy but something inside me is wants to wake people up that's all I'm trying to do. That's all I'm trying to do. I'm trying to help I'm not making money off any conspiracy theories or anything. I tell myself every time I walk in here, don't say shit about conspiracies whiskeys gonna bring it out of them bro

there's a big fan of Yeah. Oh, cool. He said he wants to roll with you later. Oh, shit. back surgery said no. You said he said so you know and he just had a disk replaced

it's finally time to actually be with the CIA every now and then don't you want to be like on that side and just have have full access? They don't see I

don't hold that whiskey hostage.

Alex Jones. Listen, let me give you guys the big frickin data. Okay.

I'm willing to give it to you. Okay, I'm not bullshitting. I got the thing figured out. Part one for Eddie. I gotta figure it out guys.

Oh shit. Poor little more for me.

All right, gentlemen. Cheers. I'm gonna keep my mouth shut Robin experience cheers to you Alex Jones. Here's a you buddy

but stuff people were so on one side or the other when it comes to this there's so much anticipation regarding this so much bullying about don't have Alex Jones on a bus. Well, there was a lot of that there's a lot of Google calm on his racist shit. Someone said that to me.

Alex Jones is one of the least racist people you'll ever fucking meet in your life. I've never even heard you say a racial thing. Race is so inconsequential to you. I'm into what you think and what they stand for. You have never discussed race ever. In the almost what do I know you 16 Fucking 17 years. I've never heard you discuss race at all. So someone calling you a racist like what you just do all they do while Trump's waving a rainbow flag and say he's a homophobe. There was a guy walking next to me in New York. I was there after the election. I was there for the UFC was right after the election and me and my friend campaigns are walking back from the gym. We went we went over to the gym. We're walking back. We walked right into the fucking protest. And there was this guy that was standing next to me screaming Donald Trump keh keh keh racist, sexist, anti gay, Donald Trump. kk k, racist, sexist, anti gay. He just kept screaming it out as Donald Trump's in the kk k is if Donald Trump, are you sure he's racist? Are you sure there's any discrimination?

hires gay guys are running casinos and hotels, and his friends with him and like gave interviews of the advocate 20 years ago. It's all just complete made up horse crap. He's waving a rainbow flag at the RNC speech. He says Republicans have to stop being mean to gay people and have to be inclusive and he's about to enforce civil rights laws for gays and others. And they're calling him a literal homophobe. Now listen, only upside down BS man.

But this is my problem with it. My problem with it is that people want to use a real you're a bigot you're this You're that they want to come up with a nice quick label that officially makes them that makes you mad. It boxes UNM finds you and then you have to defend yourself. Look, you said it best at the beginning of this. Donald Trump is not perfect. He's a man. And he's also a super ambitious super wealthy man. It's constantly on the go. And those kinds of dudes are type a hyper aggressive personalities. And he's definitely said some shit. He shouldn't have said, right. Don't you agree? Like, we all do. Yeah. And this, the big one is one that he said in confidence with that Billy Bush guy, the grabbing by the pussy thing. That's the big man who has it in confidence. Especially if you're famous said Man, it's crazy. Women throw themselves on you. He can do anything. He wants.

A woman's climbing up on top of you. You can do whatever you want. That's what mammals do. She's showing she wants it she gets it.

So it's pure horse created if a woman said he I just I could just see it in their eyes. I could just go and grab him in the balls we wouldn't we wouldn't laugh or fucking Rihanna just talked about her she fucking he got she wants his walks up to him grabs by the deck we'll be like crazy. Total we would think it's amazing. The sound of my group is he wasn't talking about that he hides behind bushes and ropes for joggers reaches out in context. Out of context. He's having a guy conversation right like he described it as locker room.

But this recording this and this is not defending it. I mean, it's definitely not something he should have said probably right. We should all agree to that. But what is he really doing? He's really what we call talk and shit.

like Eddie, you talk shit so much to each other laughing saying things we totally don't believe we totally don't mean but we're trying to make each other laugh show. Yeah, we're we're Sally Eddie and I are silly all the time. You want a transcript of all the conversations you and I have had the fucking 17 years we've been friends. Oh shit, we'd be in trouble. Can't put it on air. We'd be in fucking real.

Content rolling on Facebook Mentions into that live video. You guys have been so funny. Watching the stupid TV show. Oh my god, that show was awesome. And then as soon as I turned the camera on, you had to sell that stuff. And it wasn't none of it was bad. But it was like off the cuff. You weren't censoring? Well, I forgot what I said to a lot of marijuana involved in this conversation.

Go go on forever.

I'll put these off. You don't like them? You don't have to worry. So loud. You don't have to worry about Alex Jones, who's here? Seriously, I just want to do a good job and actually reach out to your some 100 100 and 10 million. Who knows how many? Let's know you got a lot of downloads a month 20 million on YouTube, all the derivatives and everything else you're doing and I hear you said I was on XM you still doing that? No, no, I'm not on the XM. But whatever the point is, is that you're one of the biggest shows in the world. Let me give you a newsflash. Now if your ego cam you need to know this. I don't use it as a signal to the mainstream media of how pathetic they are. Seen ins top show has maybe a million viewers their average show about 100,000 Foxes top show maybe 4 million and on a bigger night. Okay, great good for them. I'm not in competition with them. The point is, they're a frickin joke. I conservatively, every day on terrestrial radio have 4 million listeners on my 200 Plus stations that's rated proven. I mean, that's big right there. And then millions and millions of downloads every day. 10s of millions people watching the videos, you've added all together 40 something million a week, we go back to this. What's happening. It isn't about Joe Rogan or Alex Jones or Eddie Bravo or any of that. It's about the people are hungry for being able to have a wider selection of things with totally different categories. Because all I'm trying to do is give them interesting content. You're actually trying to run a new show and expose a really smart commentary. I watch clips all the time. I have people on all the time. And it's just you try to open minds all the time, to open minds a different way.

What I'm not I'm not honestly not trying to open minds. I'm being curious. And I'm asking questions, and I'm trying to learn as much myself. And then once I do learn about things I would like to have that person come on to teach other people about because I think it's interesting. Well, here's the big enchilada for folks if you want to lay this out Shilada documentary down the road and actually break this down. But

there is a whole breakaway civilization that listen to UFOs get ready. I don't ever talk about this for real breakaway civilization. Are you ready? Hold on. Joe, how many things that I tell you over the years? Who many too many. That's true. That was a couple that you got wrong. All right. 2k people take all the context, my listener that explained the why. Okay, a conspiracy theory is just not trusting criminals. Every now and then you can pin that murder to the criminal, but he's still a criminal, even though you're wrong. Well, one of the things I'm actually embarrassed about is the y2k. Oh, well, hey, well, listen, you're not. You're not a computer expert in your mind. I didn't go anywhere that night. I stayed fucking home. And I was waiting for that goddamn power to go out. That's the big news in a minute. But since 2012, I didn't know I thought Damn, the Mayans knew we thought it was over. I didn't think that any Bob and I were convinced

2012 license. Yes. I had a December 2012 license. I did. I was just a backup. Yes. Very strong tobacco from Mexico. I am in California. This is 100% medical reasons and legal.

Yeah, man, there's still look there's a lot of things that people think are gonna happen that turn out to not happen. There's always a goddamn asteroid. It's gonna kill us all. That doesn't actually.

That's important on the hill.

So what what is going on aliens are coming. Let me let me before I do this, let me answer his question is he got it right in question too.

Well, let me answer y2k Because I want to be honest about this. Okay. This is one of the few things that that I have really gotten wrong. And I didn't go with my gut. And so I was proven wrong, and I did it for the wrong reason. So now I'm gonna actually confess your honor.

I was on one radio station. I've been on access TV for few years. I was on one radio station already started the show at my house that was on like 15 radio stations. So I had that at least but I had I was on one big radio station, had the top show at night on station with Howard Stern's killer was all over the newspaper had huge ratings. And I was bringing in like 2030 grand a month which was just a huge amount for me building whole operation out of that at home. And they come to the sales guys and they go look for a year you've not been behind y2k. And you're not letting us have all these big sponsors and you're gonna basically be fired. If you don't let us endorse the sponsors and have them on air and say you believe in y2k? Oh, hold on a second. So the sponsors were like doomsday stuff like canned food and shit and bunkers everything else so leaving

the station wants to make all the money. So the station made you

Push y2k. Well, but but let me go further. This is one of the few times in my life that I, I don't want to say I didn't have integrity. I kind of let them convince me. But I think back to the point in the conference room, I just kind of went, Okay, okay, okay, sure I get it. And then I went, and then once I decided it was true, I really pushed it. So it's almost like I lied to myself, because I'm being honest about this process. So so this is what happened. for like a year and a half. I'm saying it's BS. It's a government hoax, because they're like, the Navy says, The chips are all bad and 54 cities will completely fall and it's all the death and I said they just want to upgrade with all this new spy hubs. They want a new global standardization for the US is the Telecommunications Act of 96. They want to force all the new chips because I had NSA sources then that I was heading on, okay. And I didn't realize how special was that I had the sources they're telling me it's all BS. People don't don't argue with the Navy and don't and Fox News had ads eat your food, it was just everywhere. So I went, Okay, hell, okay, stuffs gonna be real. So it's like a Black Friday for Black Friday deals for the last few months.

And the moral was ended up firing meaningless. They did, but the moral was I kind of convinced myself it was real. So by the end of it, the course they edit like, you know, 12 hours and beyond that day in like, five minutes. I'm totally insane, right, but it's like nuclear reactor having a problem here. And it really was happening. And like, you know, oh, and there was a missile fired from Russia, which like, was an ICBM, and they got like, shut down. That was ABC News. So I'm like, alright, this isn't really happening. Okay, well, you know, we got prepared, it's always gonna be prepared, but Oh, no reactor is having a problem. Okay, some stuff. So there was some outages and some problems. But government and MSM had hyped it. Then they use it to demonize alternative media even then, when it wasn't catastrophic. So my gut told me it was BS. It was BS. And so thank God, I missed the whole 2012 thing. But still, they said Alex Jones says the world's ending the bureau 2012, where he really starts when I say it's all a load of crap. But I didn't press it. When I saw you doing it. I said I was balls deep. And

here's the thing. It wasn't.

It was it was the listeners. They were pissed at me that I wouldn't go into this thing. Well, it's fun for them. See, when you start talking about the end of the world, or doomsday come and people like that shit, because it gives them something to think about. Because here's a lot of people. Future.

Listen, you was it a long time ago? 17 years ago, y2k? 17 fucking years ago, at least 2012 Didn't get you redeemed yourself. Yeah, you came back.

17 think about 17 years ago. That's a long time ago. I mean, in you getting fired from that job. Every great radio guys gotten fired. Howard Stern got fired. You got fired, like public loves Howard Stern fire top ratings, and they were all pissed and weird about it. The weird thing is they didn't mess with the losers. They were all flipping out because I was getting a big paychecks. Well, it makes sense. It was the same. Yeah. And the y2k thing totally makes sense that they would want you to really push that and sell it hard. Because who the fuck knows? You know, we don't know. You get scared you like

this frolics, the Navy says it's gonna happen Washington Post. Now your listeners are real. And it was the one time I went? Okay, maybe I'll go to it. I had people on there. Were telling me there was something that was gonna happen on 2012 They were sure of it. Yeah.

Not a bully. Doing it. You start like stampeding, like lemmings. It's a psychological going on this massive double crossing, because I really used to be into UFOs. But the more you look into UFOs, it looks like and that's another conspiracy. Like the government.

NASA deal. And when he came to the meeting, he couldn't do it. I knew this guy. Well, and then the next time he was gonna meet with me, he is heart blew up. It blew up. Yeah, like like a bomb in his heart. Like they said his heart like completely ruptured. Well, the point is, his name was Raymond T. And if you look at Mission Control, he was the main damage control, the control the cameras and everything. And he he had been in his house, he had national security letters from the President. He'd run like secret operations in Cambodia and Laos. He was an Air Force engineer. And he knew the whole deal and he would say what hold they would stay with you and tell you everything and he would come and start gulping and he couldn't get it out, couldn't get what out. He said he was so threatened or whatever he couldn't tell me about you think about that. He probably he probably left and laugh and he was in the car.

Raymond was

telling me a lot. He said, Alex, your sources are right. There were advanced technologies. We were worried that astronauts might die. They had two teams in orbit, one with the real chips. This is not a joke. Whoa, wait a minute. They had one real ship suppose in orbit and they were communicating with Kennedy and the government everybody and Nixon are gonna have this giant thing about America's number one and not have a backup plan. Have the astronauts die?

Put those headphones back on. You lost your fucking mind.

It's got you into a corner. Hold on, let him finish there. So tell me what you're trying to say.

you trying to say that so the United States Government Teague was gonna give me the secret of NASA okay and then he couldn't ever get it out

second program they had a second program how do you know he died? He told me but before the heart attack in the middle have a hard time

No no I met with him at the old SAT command What did he actually tell you? What for Word or not what he told me he said your he said from your analysis your sources you're dead on while I was in control of the video and radio communications. He was the go to TVs it's him on TV I mean it's the running that's very important the guy controlling the camera he was on Mission Control one pretty huge two backups behind Are you kidding? Of course the the moon landings are you kidding? Come on. Well, you raised it you want to know Come on. That's ridiculous. No but that's why I don't trust the government that's why I don't trust him because they ran a fake they didn't want to spend money they ran a fake cop was just reentry devices and basic stuff in space and did shoot some of it but then they had a real mission that put the reflectors everything on the moon with the moon but there's no proof of that right so you believe well, you know that the Russian government with lovely people died the Secret Space Program Alex you know that the Russian government you know that the Russian government put those laser sight those laser reflectors on the moon as well with unmanned probes? Yes, you know that right now they're still Chinese the Chinese but that's not like

there's there's weird ever nobody went the damn things not that far away. Just kidding. Are you kidding? So Alex, you think they definitely went to the moon that just the footage is fake? Is that what you think? You can't bring film back to the Van Allen Radiation Belts good spots all over? Right. But we don't have film what would lead us to believe that they definitely did it? Because they had RCA cameras will be trashed all the time. Some amazing footage, right as amazing footage.

Launch in space, in case the real mission died. So who's in the fake launcher to show you the real? What happened? Is there in the US military? Is there in advance? Okay, okay. But let him Let him answer this Edie. So we got it. Got to figure this out. So what you're saying is the one that we saw on TV with Neil Armstrong, one small step for man, that's all horseshit. But the real one actually took place. They just couldn't get the film back. But Armstrong had been on real missions. So yes, he definitely did unreal mentions but had no no, he wouldn't tell me all of it. He died before we met. The other dude, I was the next day and his wife called my dad was friends with him.

The other guy, what's his name? Okay, Buzz Aldrin. I didn't know Buzz Aldrin? Yeah, Buzz Aldrin said, I want to come on your show. And I'm not gonna get into all that. He don't know. He lives here in LA and one time I ran into him, but let's leave it at that. And he said, I want to come on your show. And I said, alright, we'll come on. But it's the only interview he said. And he goes, I'm gonna tell you Alex, your audience alone. He said, There is an Oculus, just like 2001 It's on the moon of Mars, the Seoul moon, and it's sending a transmission. And it's all real, and it's all Egypt and there's aliens and everything else. And it's the only time he ever said it. What

is your clip of that was on pull up, Buzz Aldrin up, pull that.

Dude, it was on like ABC Nightly News The next day, so do you think he was fun? Do you think he's fucking with you? No, he was real. He's a fighter.

I think he's full of shit. Why do you think he's full of shit? What if that's true? He imagined there is an obelisk on Mars. I think that it really is communicating with an obelisk on the moon of the moon of Mars Phobos? So we got to land there. DW seen his Instagram? No, it's a good. It's a lot of benches. Amazing. To follow Bo Chism bitches and

he's just like,

he's this. Okay. Let's give some love and Instagram. Let's give some people with their habitation. We can keep track. If there's something very important to be developed from the moon. I'm not sure what it is right now. Of course you're sure thanks. Should I tell

you all the truth? No, no, no, we all want to hear what

I want to hear. But I want to hear what he says first. Let's see what he says. Yes, hold it. Hold it. Go ahead, Jamie. America to make such gross expenditures again, for human habitation on a boat. We can help we can join with together we can explore the moon and develop the moon and steal tax money together. Dan has not gone before. Is this where he talks about that? No, it's on my show this

we need to go and go to a monolith. They're a very unusual structure.

Little potato shaped object we need $4 billion to go on one lesson seven hours

out about that. They're gonna say Who put that there who put that there? Well,

the universe. Put it there if you choose comm God put it there. That's like, come on. wants $4 billion

Want another shot that's before him?

So that's the monolith that thing that you're looking at Wow, that's weird. I don't believe that shit for a sec. Okay, let me tell you about Buzz Aldrin

here in Los Angeles and I can't tell you anything else. Okay, look at this monolith on Phobos. Oh weird. Yeah, that's like a weird structure who knows that's a real picture it's all

yeah it's almost yeah come on. Yeah. That proves it yes the planes are all boats I can I don't know shit about Photoshop and I can make that okay, I'm sure you can I tell you the big secret about my secret meeting with

me here the shitty fed you well know Eddie don't sound

let's go. Communicate. He told me that Papa Smurf is real.

I don't know what he told me.

He told me he said you know India sending a probe the moon. And they'll announce that when they crash the probe. They found the undersea frozen ice that covers the moon. The moon has dust on it. It's a big water ball. It's gonna be the water we need to get off the planet. We make our big jump. So the whole point is once everything's laid out the planet just perfect for humanity. We make the steps right? But it's like a video game. Bizarre as fuck

was all written out? Know You're not listening. He's fucking crash the problem found exactly what they were saying. And I walked through an airport here later and look over and it says it says India discovers water on the moon. And it's all water. Well, they've definitely discovered water on the moon. Right? That's

Buzz Aldrin told me about it a year before? Is that right? Am I Am I correct in saying there's water on the moon?

Buzz Aldrin? Is he going to the meetings and they tell him shit? Listen, he'd Yeah, he went to normal. You want to get into a meeting? I don't get into all this stuff. Okay. I'm telling you. Buzz Aldrin told me in a year. It's gonna be on the news that they discovered water with a probe or setting before they're even sending a probe in the news. They let India quote find it because the US already found it. It's already been on the moon that God knows how many times the orders they got military.

Jobs in the 50s What do you think we got now? So you think they have new equipment? They have bases on the moon? Well, I'm never get into all this stuff. Right? Don't do that. But let's just say it's super advanced. So you really think that they have some sort of a base out there? It's like a

keyword that's so far away. Why would they just do it on a desert somewhere? What is this mi P detected water on the moon? Way back in June? Hmm. They're dropping disinfo on you, Alex. Well, I mean, Buzz Aldrin tells me they're gonna announce India finds water oh my god bizarre to follow him on Instagram and then come back to me with the moon impacts probe.

Buzz Aldrin Tolman. Look at this the moon impact probe, which class crashed landed at a designated site on the lunar South Pole on November 14 2008. had picked up some clear signatures of water damage. Five minutes to crash it. Yeah, Mr. Nair said at a press conference here on Friday, interesting. You know what, when it comes to space, Alex

that's not your forte. i But one, one thing I want to ask you.

Buzz Aldrin is

on Instagram, and they come back at me

with his Instagram, what's up with but all amazing, it's amazing. He's just like, he's he's bolo.

He's so into it. Did you see when the guy comes over? He goes, you're full of crap. Everyone has the money. He just punches you. Hey, check this out. I wanted to ask you, what do you what do you think? Is Trump going to do anything about the Stratospheric Aerosol injections? I write that down? Because I don't talk we talked about

talking about stratospheric aerosol, and I can't get to the point did you want let me you know, what do you think Trump wants to stop that? I'm gonna write it down. Right now. But down the next question. I'll do it here. That's the question the question he just

filed before the House Jones is off the rails right now. I'll bring it in. I didn't get the joke. Why don't have to write it down. I didn't get it. Because you've been bad listener.

Will Trump is Trump gonna do anything about

that program to stop?

Well, what do you what do you think the program is? What do you think the program?

Director of the CIA is talking about it on YouTube? Look under John.

John O'Brien, they talk about strategies. They talked about strategies, all injections, that's going to cost $10 billion a year. And there's going to be some countries opposed to it, because it's going to mess up the web telling me about atmospheric manipulation. I'm talking about stratospheric G. S A. I never heard of that. It's super important when you can break it down to three letters. Yeah, let me let me go to John O. Brennan admitted last in June of 2016. At the

video, comment on it. Can you play at Jamie? Shawn O'Brien forever? No, I'm not

I'm not bashing you, but you had your TV show and jokes about it, which I get because a lot of it's BS. There is an entire atmospheric terraforming geoengineering manipulation. They don't call it chemtrails and of course the CIA director admitted they have this huge program. Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation owns the major patents on it from Westinghouse and others. They use these big antennas to manipulate the weather they can like China's like causing huge, like harp like harsh. allergy. It's all declassified. You think HAARP manipulates the weather? They admit it does. I used to have the head of HAARP. General, bitten Capehart. Not all the time. But the Exactly. There's giant weather modification systems. And there's weather wars between different governments. And they it's all declassified, explain to people that are listening, what HAARP is, what does it stand for? High altitude, something? Yeah, they've got a system that supposedly, well, you know, what HAARP really was under classification. What does it stand for High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program? So the idea behind this was they wanted to do research on the Aurora. And didn't they want to see if they could communicate using it and send radio wave?

Radar, right. Yeah, that and they also wanted to be able to send radio signals to places where they wouldn't, doesn't really go, what does that have to do with stratospheric aerosol and just really go into the atmosphere? With speculation?

I've interviewed the private head of it. Okay.

Okay.

Let him on my heart. How does HAARP work with the chemtrails? What are they

only a micronic amount of small amount of what heart does is in the atmosphere, it's bouncing off the Aurora Borealis, and then resonating back through in a in a deeper Earth communication program to satellites and other things through the planet. So it's so easy to communicate the satellites through the satellites down to the submarines. So here it goes. This is an actual definition how HAARP works. The facilities transmitters and radio where he was on let's just read it first waves upwards into the ionosphere between 100 350 kilometers at altitude. The resulting heating effect creates irregularities in the electron density there, which in turn allows communication signals as from satellites to be relayed off the ionosphere. That's what it really does. Then they can shoot the satellite frequency coated through the earth to submarine now what is this website from the

buoy? You want the real stuff? I'll tell you. Yeah, sure. Okay.

Let me explain something. Okay. I have the head of the Heart program on I'm just fucking I got contacted about 10 years ago, they said the head of the heart project really likes your work. He liked to come on interviews online. He liked to come on and tell everybody and about 30 minutes and a colonel came on the line and said sorry, during a break and cut the guy off. Wow. Tom Tom. I mean, this really happened to spooky music. Cue spooky music. I believe Yeah, that's true. I want to know, I want to know that I want to know the relationship between like, what are the chemtrails have to do? Do you think Trump is going to look into the SIA project that the CIA has greenlit he is starting out with vaccines as I told people he would do investigating all the damage they've caused. The ultimate that's good to start the vaccines Get that shit together too, for sure. But what about the sai programs that the CIA has greenlit? You think he's gonna get into the next level? You certainly want him to communicate with these microphones and and it shouldn't be like, I don't have to.

You're so locked on to this. It's like, well, here's the problem with all this. So I saw a shit. Most of what you see when you see those jets flying around those clouds behind them. Most of that is just a jet engine. Exactly. The jet confuses that with a real resume. What's the real program? Well, here's the thing. You're right. And so as Joe because the world is complex, there are secret and quasi secret and public programs to test manipulation of the weather and weather systems. The Arabs are doing it the Chinese are doing it. The Russians are doing people being cloud seeding for 100, cloud, Chinese

weather manipulation, but they're doing it for different purposes. And that's not to

say I have been living on the head of the US weather weapon program for 27 years on my show first, because I saw it was declassified, I saw that he was in the panhandle of Texas. I called him running a major cloud seeding company with his son and got the 90 year old to Austin. And then after that, he totally freaked out because the CIA came to his house. Do you want the interviews on YouTube? Do you want to know what he said? Yes.

He was a World War Two fighter pilot.

At the end of World War Two he flew the first planes in hurricanes, which which are in the Atlantic, that's pretty gangster, and in two typhoons that are even faster in the Pacific. And then he and then he also led squadrons in Vietnam, flooding everything up to 10 feet of water out of clear blue skies within hours. With with their with their chemicals.

You have to be to do that it's super badass flying to a hurricane or a typhoon

And he's the first guy to do it. Holy shit. Anyways, a super badass. I mean, he's alive. He's been living at 90 He was still all there and I thought not even kick my ass. Big Tex and I felt like I was the guy was tougher than me. Anyways, so So we're sitting there, and he gives me all this data and I can't believe it. He showed me all these classified photos and stuff because they just declassified the file. No one thought to call the old man from Lubbock or whatever it was, right. So I call him out, get him on. They send a bunch of people to their company and threaten them the next week after Eric. And he laid it out. He said, In 1967, we certified at the Stanford Research Institute that he was able to control hurricanes, create hurricanes, and steer hurricanes, all that got black budgeted shut down. And then they got into these arrays where they could use antennas. And out of that, and Westinghouse came came the Whole Heart program. So in the 60s, they could create, control and steer or kill hurricanes. That's why you Google Now, Bill and Melinda Gates bought all those patents, and quote, Bill Gates is going to save the world from bad weather. Bill Gates wants to stop hurricanes Google. So so let me Bill Gates owns the weather machine. Let me pause for a second. How does the how do they manipulate a hurricane? So the hurricanes going to happen? How do they break it up? Okay. If it's if it's if it's coming into lands their problem with with aerial arrays projecting into the sky, they can break it up or strengthen it or kill it, or scare it. It's doing that with HAARP. Well, they've got they've got heart bases all over the place. They call them Doppler radar facilities. Oh, the government wants your local city to have Doppler radar. I thought that was like so you can find the winner the screen that's it like 1/10 of 1% they can crank those arrays up that have massive your lights might go out when they do it a little bit. Really? Yeah, cuz they'll use the whole power of your town through the Doppler radars, and then they control it. The US has a giant weather weapon hidden in front of everybody and every town and city. Poor Russians and Chinese are just discovering and all the US has one other weapons that can knock them all out right. Bill Gates control the weather, ideas for barges to pump cold water from the depths of the ocean to create some sort of a roadblock for the hurricane. Since hurricanes pull power from the water's warm temperatures cooling the water could have theoretically, theoretically

dismantle the hurricane. Well, it sounds like a good idea though. The point is loving. It sounds like a genius idea. You spray cold water until it fails. John Brennan in the front of the CFR is saying we were doing this because for global warming to save your

soul about about geoengineering chemtrails. You were wrong about the dinosaurs not being wrong.

But hey, what about that they're they're coming out saying hey, there's gonna be some countries that that are that aren't going to be for it. And we got to figure out how we're going to deal with them because you want me to have the Audience Yes, the big secret. Yes. What's the big season? relation? Keep going with that. Come on, man. Don't change the subject. Keep going with that. You're not done with Livingston. Okay. Imagine it's good. You're here. But imagine it me and Joe were actually got me off on you only hear about Ronald Reagan today. He later finished the s ai pro. He doesn't know about this. I know about it. But it's what do you know about the sai program? Let's get this done when most of the real programs are just like fronts for something else is not even real. So you don't think they're spraying shit into the atmosphere? No, there is a program for geoengineering. There's a program in place. You said it's the Doppler radar system and HAARP and what else and an aerial spraying still the most effective and then what do they do? They do have Pat when you say aerial spraying Where Are They Spraying? Barium salts, Alumina oxide, radioactive isotopes, bury them in the air why they're doing that? Because because it does a bunch of things. They're testing a bunch of stuff. They're manipulating things. Listen, our Pentagon, why do you have evidence that they're doing this and spraying aluminum melt, barium, whatever, go online and read the Department of Energy. It's all public. Just like he just said, go online and watch a Chinese Dude get jacked by a tiger, though I agree. That's how you can go to the Department of energy.gov. Right and you can watch CFR CIA director at the time Brennan

admitting all this. This is all public. Yeah. He talked about but he had no I saw it. I saw the video. We can play the video and go over it if you want. But he's talking about various options for controlling global warming, to laying out the future. Look, if global warming is a guy Hold on a second. Hold on a second. If global warming is real, we know it is right. Don't you think they would have you don't believe global warming is real. So they keep measuring these temperatures and scientists keep saying

okay, came out. Females? Well, let's find out let's find out what

was real. Okay. I believe that it was high. It goes cold. There's always micro temperature change this shift is the only thing that ever happened. That's carbon taxes to Al Gore won't fix it. Okay. I think we all agree that the shifts but what I'm saying is there absolutely is global warming, right. What is the scene?

We're talking house when my dad was a kid in the 1950s for

Three, four months out of the year it was below zero or freezing, you had to chop wood heat freeze your ass off and all houses had, even in the South had had, you know had all sorts of chimneys and fireplaces, because it was freezing cold, right? And now there has been a warming period. But that's part of a normal global cycle based on the sun. All these astrophysicist are sure. The whole thing about claiming it's the carbon we put out the earth is carbon star, there's a carbon cycle. That's the big story. I want to get to the globalist want to tax if they can tax oxygen, carbon dioxide, water, sunlight, they have total control over the whole lifecycle of the planet. Let's play the video let's play the video this this CIA guy talking about it because what I inferred from it as they try to come up with some sort of solutions if global warming becomes a giant Brennan is a frickin known well, hobbyist. What's yo

what is the CIA? Let's watch the video first global warming. It's a good question. What do they have to do? I don't know what the CIA does do you know Central Intelligence that they were built to stop the spread of communism? Right. But it's an intelligence agency. They're part of the environment, okay. They're a part of the intelligence community. And if they got hired, I would imagine it's just me guessing right off the top of my head if they got hired to assess a threat. And the threat being from global warming, like what what do we have to worry about? Are we really going to lose cities? Do we really have an issue?

Give George Soros and the UN total power for a 100 trillion per decade global tax to micromanage and surveil everything humans do, what's the use of carbons toxic? They've got to surveil it, thus they have a jurisdiction to control our lives. Okay, hold it. Why does it say debunked CIA director admits chemtrails, geoengineering Stratospheric Aerosol injections.

So it says the claim guys

hold on hold on at the council admits geoengineering in the form of stratospheric aerosol injections sai is taking a place ie chemtrails taking place ie chemtrails and the rebuttal is nowhere in his speech, is there an admission that an sai program has already taken place? The part where Brennan mentions geoengineering is just one example out of several not often mentioned issues, the CIA monitors for potential elements of instability in the world, a s AI program, if ever implemented could penetrate conflicts and security threats if misused. The CIA's job is to consider all types of concepts, concepts for potential future problems and threats, including the science oriented concepts. That's totally fine. Let me break down right, but isn't that possible? No, we're gonna, but what that guy just said, is that possible? No. That's basically what Brennan said. What he's saying is that there are potential threats. You want to require mentally it's an issue. Right? So he's not admitting that he had there's an essay. Let me let me tell you, Okay, go ahead. Tell me.

Everybody debates, how many programs there are all the specifics, a lot of that's classified. You can Google China launches, major weather control operations. 10 years, right. Or Qatar, does it or Saudi Arabia or UK or for sure people have studied none of that, right? No, there's they call it study. There's a giant hell in 2005, the Department of Energy Program for aerosol testing was $5 billion a year. So under US Code Title 50, Chapter 32, subsection 1528 Paragraph B. Is that true? You nailed that, right? Yes, yes. Well, you from Mars under US Code. You live on that obelisk. That was fucking insane. Let me just tell you to remember the time last time the cheetah fought.

Under US Code Title, finish number 32,528. Paragraph b That's That's insane. Say it's slow that Jamie write it up. Jay was Code Title 50 Chapter. Asset fast. Remember US Code Title 50 Chapter

20. Paragraph, subsection 128 The real fast brain that's me. Thanks speed. Kenya's speech came and say it looks like one thought. Jesus

knows exactly when there's restrictions on use of human subjects for testing of chemtrails. Go Go back, go back back. There you go. Or biological agents right now what they do in this Oh, is they say it's illegal to test unless it's for research, that research chill people. It was for research purpose. You know, that's how some of those Japanese whaler vessels get away with killing whales still. They say it's for research purpose. Exactly. And they kill the whales and sell them dark shit. The elites are the elites are the Mad Science everything engineers. I'm gonna give you the big secret man. If you want this. I do. I'm not kidding around. I know. I'm not even thinking as they call. They're the high priests. They're scientists, right? They're engineers. They're allowed to kill people test stuff on kids and jet black people with syphilis, all the declassified stuff because they are scientists all the real executioner's tortures are most of them are people making decisions are doctors. And so it's all medical doctor stuff, and this big breakaway civilization of scientist. Okay, and so that's what they built it under, under under research provisions.

They can even kill anybody they want. Alright, I'm gonna go back because we took Eddie's turn on chemtrails, but we did it to sidetrack from what you were saying about the moon. And I want to go back to what you're saying. Because you were saying that there was two completely different missions. And one of them was real, and that there was some sort of contact with aliens. No, I was getting to that. I'm saying I had a tongue. Is that what you're implying? Well, I had it. Well, let's just say this. Okay, it's mind blowing. I was told by a top NASA individual Raymond TIG, that indeed, there was a breakaway program and that he heard and saw transmissions on some back channels of real feeds and advanced chips that he'd never even seen, that basically didn't even look like they were anything that he could imagine that was classified. And he knew about some classified programs. For every program, you saw, there was at least 10 programs that were secret that's a bit of about NASA, 90%, secret or more. And so he knew about a cloud bunch of classified programs, and he was seeing transmissions and things coming back and talk to people about a whole breakaway program they sent that was a lot safer, a lot bigger than the moon. And they had guys up in orbit, just basically so that even other foreign governments, from the trajectory point we think that we're getting transmissions back from the moon, so that people out basically out outside of the regular orbit, we just go around in circles, or is it geosynchronous where you're in one spot, transmitting back from mathematical spot to look like transmissions to fool the Russians, everybody. All the real mission was going on? On the moon. So you believe they went to the moon? Do you think that it was Buzz Aldrin, and I don't know, Neil Armstrong for everything he does.

He said, I'm gonna meet with you tomorrow and he died. Dude. That's like a movie. He told me. I'm gonna tell you everything. And that he was just totally, it was crazy. But he did admit to you that what the public got was fake.

Yeah, he couldn't get into it. Well, there's some footage from the moon that looks so ridiculous. And most people have never seen some footage of them that here's here's the big speculation. This is one of the really big ones is that there was a lot of footage that they did where they were doing tests that they wound up just using for press releases they using like to say this is actual footage. They fake stuff for the project because they wanted to be guaranteed of it.

That's true. But there was a thing with Michael Collins, Gemini 15 There was a test photo of him with like a test rig on and it was like suspended and you can see the background behind him it was clear that he was suspended on wires. And they took that same photo and blacked it out and used it as a press photo of him on an actual spacewalk. But it's the same exact stuff. Yeah, they do that where they just go over with it back down. And you see you actually use an exacto knife. Like my dad when he was like a junior in high school was in the plan to programming UT and they already had CD ROMs and computers and they had a nuclear

plant under ut nobody knew about and my dad told me about this when I was a teenager and I would like later go to the library couldn't find it and that Googled it. It's not really in the news that I've gone to UT and talked to him and they go Yeah, you know about the reactor and the building of reactor that Austin's got and then and then no one even knew that Austin has two nuclear reactors in North flat. Yeah, but the point was my that was for you. That was ever he was in college they built a reactor under which building in Austin, Texas. It's big. It's a big railway system under there, but it's it's built right under me right under makes it Jester. So there's a nuclear reactor in Austin, Texas. How many people know about this?

You know, it's in the literature and my dad told me about it when I was a kid. I thought you I mean, I believe my dad. My dad told me about a Dallas hospital. It was killing people for their organs. Like six years later, I saw it on 60 minutes. Why it's yeah, they were killing people for organs. Yep. Really? My dad told me about that in Dallas and it was on 60 minutes. Yeah, my dad said when I was 16 He got a 15 ticket drivers course he said don't sound that organ donor card. I know hospitals that kill you. She's dead your kidney goes No I've he was an oral surgeon and rewired Jaws he's not heard this one kill people all the time. That is this is one of the creepiest things you ever

Can you imagine doctors that get kickbacks for Oregon's that kind of let the doctors are seen as the highest caste but the elite? So they're the ones pulling all the stuff. I'm telling you, man, you know how creepy it would be like to find out that a nurse that you were working with was killing people. But that's a story that happens over and over again. Is that real crazy? Nurse smart killer. There's been a bunch they get they get it? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, she'll be elite No, these nurses that say no nurses decide they don't want to take care of somebody and they poison them. They have someone and maybe someone's dying slow and they don't like it and they just like get tired of dealing with their bullshit some of the time. The district? Oh, yeah, a lot of the times they're sadistic. There's been a lot worse than I have about facts. You're absolutely on target. You know, worse and you

everything everything I know and you're on target you pretend you're not. No one knew that document off the top of your head like that. So Rain Man must have been obsessed with chemtrails.

All right. No, I know a bunch of

crazy mind. No, I used to

photographic memory. I was about 35. And now it's not good anymore. Steals that from you stuff I remember. But I want to tell you guys the big enchilada. The big enchilada. Were these headphones now, but the problem is when we don't have headphones on we talk over each other. It's hard when three people are talking. He notes he just you know, it's none of our fault. It's just natural conspiracy. Your your your Bill Hicks, huh? No, I was I'm younger than him. Totally different. I agree. I love how I haven't had any success. It's all Bill Hicks. He was a funny guy. But give me a frickin break man. Listen to those families call me before and said please stop the people saying your Bill Hicks. Troll these damn people. Don't worry about that. Put the headphones back on Fine.

Fine. So I need to know. I need to know what do you know about aliens? And how are aliens real? Alright. This is really big. So okay.

pouring in the shot of the media get this

question is What does Donald Trump know about? Oh, yeah, it was you know now right? Because he's in the office? I don't know. It's that would be the first thing I think the Joe Rogan experience deserves to the first thing I did, I would run to the office, and I'd go who's got the documents? Who's got the alien documents? Who's got him? Who's got him? That would be the first thing I would want to know. Right? Cheers, sir. boring shit. Well.

You're a robot. You never have to piss.

Alright, let me give me my best please. deep research approximation once what do you think is going but am I wrong to still hold out hope that aliens are real? Because I tell you has one. The two guilty pleasures that I still cling to? Is Bigfoot and aliens. Those are too big, but not so much. I wish it was real, but I just don't. Are you ready? Yes, they are true. No, come on, daddy. No. Are you ready? Yes, I'm gonna give you the big enchilada. Joe, there are aliens in this room right now. For real? Yeah, you're not of this world, bro. Me. You're the alien. Oh, wow. I didn't know. It's like, there was like an old comic book about that. About some dude who was a forgetful professor. And then he realized at the end of it, he was actually an alien from another planet that seemed sent down here to monitor people he just forgot.

Well, here's what the elite believe. And let me be very clear as we do to this context, I only go with what I can prove. Oh, thank you. And people can't even handle that. Okay, well, I'm really surprised how much you knew every angle of so called pizza gate that I didn't forgot. Well, it's to meet Well, obviously, we both have children. And when you hear about someone that wants to molest children

it's a special kind of evil it's a special kind of you are and it's it's also a special kind of bizarre twisted sickness that the human mind like is capable of latching on to programming to take care of kids and be nice to him. There's something very crazy about people's brains and there's something very crazy about the the weird variables that can potentially happen I agree with all sorts of weird crazy aberrations in standard behavior you know like this the standard behavior a bunch of people that are just normal folks, you got kids I got kids Oh, and get the kids together for a playdate you sit down. You have a couple of beers. You laugh you joke. Have a good night Bob. Guide Steve. That's fucking normal shit, right? When you're normal and there's normal people around you you assume that everybody is basically a good person. We all have our problems normal the way that your wife goes in the bedroom, she you get going you don't look at a five year old and think that's what I want. No, there's some there. Yeah, what you're trying to say is there's some people out there that have this horrific programming, whatever the fuck it is that causes it is a bunch of psychologists trying to speculate and figure out what causes pedophilia to be beaten the head with a ball peen hammer. The thing is, it's real and it's terrifying. It's going on we can't deny it's real. And it's also like, fucking Jared from Subway, the subway guy, the subway guys in jail for being a pedophile, and they team up and they usually have high intelligence, and there's armies were fighting a pedophile conspiracy, but beyond that it's a vampire conspiracy. And that they are inter dimensionally sucking the essence of our youth. Right? And they believe they're possessed by an offworld entity. They do. Yeah, Joe, I've been on air 22 years I don't get into aliens, metaphysical religion, any of that I've studied the elite and I've also communicate with a lot of the top people and if you want to know I will actually break down right now the best knowledge right now what's happening on the planet what's happening?

Let me give you a basic just stole okay. I love when you can use that word with full confidence. I've never said that. Let me give you a basic Gestalt. Don't be like oh my god such a fraud no you're not you know, but that's what I'm thinking if I use that word now you'll get all this joy already had most ecstatic is your bookworm or research worm in a good way.

The elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe and they want to know all this. Some are good, some are bad. Some are a mix. But the good ones don't ever want to organize. The bad ones didn't want to organize because they lost after power. Powerful

consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people, they want to empower them. So they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game, then they come together, evil is always defeated, because good is so much stronger. And we're on this planet and Einstein's physics showed at Max Planck says, shut it all. There's at least 12 dimensions. And now that's all the top scientists and and billionaires are coming out saying, it's a false hologram. It is artificial, that computers are scanning and finding tension points where it's artificially projected, and gravity's bleeding in to this universe. That's what they call dark matter. So we're like a thought or a dream, that's a wisp in some computer programs, some Gods mind, whatever, they're proving it all, it's all coming out. Now, there's like this sub transmission zone below the third dimension, that's just turned over to the most horrible things is what it resonates to. And it's trying to get up into the third dimension. That's just a basic level consciousness to launch into the next levels. And our species is already way up at the fifth sixth dimension consciously, our best people, but there's this big war trying to like basically, destroy humanity, because humanity has freewill. And there's a decision to which level we want to go to, we have free will. So evils allowed to come and contend not just good.

And the elites themselves

believe they're racing. We're using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization, where they're going to merge with machines transcend, and break away from the failed species that is man, which is kind of like a false transmission, because they're thinking what they are is ugly and bad, projecting it onto themselves instead of believing. No, it's a human test about building us up. And so Google was set up at 19 years ago, this was I knew about this before it was declassified, I'm just saying I've been sources that they wanted to build a giant artificial system at Google believes that the first artificial intelligence will be a supercomputer, based on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity, with billions of people wired into the internet of things. And so all of our thoughts go into it. And we're actually building a computer that has real neurons in real time, that's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures, so that they will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true crystal ball. But the big secret is, once you have a crystal ball and know the future, you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future. And so then it's the end of consciousness and freewill for individuals as we know, and a true 2.0 in a very bad way, hive mind consciousness with an AI jacked into everyone knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us not in some PKD whiteheads system, where we plug in and give up on consciousness because of unlimited pleasure. But because we were already wired and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system, our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system. There's now a human Counter Strike taking place to shut this off before it gets fully into place, and to block these systems, and to try to have an actual debate about where humanity goes and cut off the pedophiles and psychic vampires that are control of this AI system before humanity's destroy. Humanity is only controlled of AI. I think it had the pedophiles getting control of the pedophiles at whatever level the devil whatever you want to call it, this interdimensional thing that gives them advanced offworld technology the Fallen One that's out of this world is giving them advanced knowledge. What systems what has already been used before on other populations? Why that's Satan. But what do you reckon about, let's say, but explain that you just become something that you know, the stupid preacher tells you about who's totally controlled or something you read about on you know, in the news or TV, right? This is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something that absorbs us and kills us, rather than the divine

freewill were given to build something much better than empowers the species. So the species is now making a decision on its entire future. Where are you getting this from? From? That's what it is. But were you getting it I know from from looking at all the data, researching and studying it, watching the enemy. That's the big decision that humanity has now got before us. So if you were directing someone to investigate this on their own, how would they do that? So if you say, here's the problem, you get some place finally, in deep research, where it's what every culture already said, what everybody already knew what they're telling you in movies like Prometheus, what the elite admit the New York Times they believe in is this, you know, seated by offworld systems, panspermia, yes, everything, everything. They're doing points towards this, and then you read their own writings. They believe we're this ugly, fallen, ugly species, we're all need to be killed. They're the rich billionaires who are better than us, and they're gonna merge with machines and become gods and go to the next level. Don't you think that most people who extrapolate from where we stand today with our cell phones and our Apple watches and our integration with the computer and the Internet constantly, don't you think

But most people see that there's gonna be some sort of symbiotic connection. It's a very easy thing before I understand, but a lot of people were saying the problem, who engineered what we were given? What is the point of the backdoors? The Trojan horses, hey, here's what I'm giving you who engineered what, here's what here's, here's what I'm telling you, the elite, the elite literally believe inter dimensionally they were given this information and then built it and here's the thing, they built it. And Google admits even a data dumps to wire two years ago that they're building an AI that will in human consciousness freewill and take over and the next species will rise out of that they've already decided our species people have been taught Marshall McLuhan was talking about that 50 fucking years ago. Here's the old they built it. Amazon two years ago admits they can already with 99% certainty, pick what their regular users are going to order ballots before they hold on a second reading, instead of dragging this out to some nefarious end. Isn't it entirely possible that all these futures, all these technological innovators, they all see the same end game, that there's going to be some sort of a complete integration between people but it's the artificial intelligence. Historically, everybody saw this coming right? And so this big the all the futurists all the people that started the fork before silicon chips were created. The Marshall McLuhan, I think it was in the 1970s said that human beings are the sex organs of the machine world. And he was saying, even back then, that human beings are eventually going to integrate or become something that's a part what I'm telling you is there's a centralized system of what they're building that isn't naturally occurring, who is that we're artificially who's doing the elites believe they're getting off world building these things you're just describing right now? I mean, if you actually read it all the globalist said you've obviously read their writings you know, this show, they are getting not offworld but interdimensional communications to then build this system that we see lowers our IQ makes us live less I've never okay, but when you making these big statements like they're getting interdimensional signals is telling them to create these systems that lower IQs that's something you got to really prove. Like if there's

a please, if there's something you could show all the studies show screentime all the computers lowering IQ is lowering fertility.

Right there, is that a case? Is that a case of a somebody holding a gun to your head, let me tell you about me. I'm addicted. This goddamn thing. I love watching videos. I love love taking pictures of shit. I love loving humanity. There's a lot of beautiful things he does. But I'll tell you the very addictive, the very addictive. But hold on a second, let me stop you right there. I don't necessarily think that's engineered to be addictive. I think it's engineered to be really well and the fact work really well. And the fact that it works really well is very addictive. Just like little kids look at a screen. You put a fucking television in front of them when they're one year old and play some stupid commercial. And they're like, whoa,

hold on a second.

Hold on a second. They made better and better technology that we're not designed to absorb. Human beings have exactly who

we have the exact same DNA that we did 10,000 years ago. And there was nothing like television, there was nothing like movies, there was nothing like stereo headphones and project delicious. Joe, Shawn, please let you go on. You're crazy. Like at least you're interrupting my crazy rant. I'm telling you that this is a natural progression of this massive infatuation that we have with technology. They don't have to engineer it. It's natural. It happens to you and

anybody who's looking at cooler and cooler special effects and movies. All that stuff is a natural Steve Jobs wouldn't let his kids play with an iPad. Well, then he's a cut. He's a cut. Let your kids play with

Flux wrong. Right rant. I'm not disagreeing without you interrupted at 10 times you thought oh, let them on the fucker rant. Rant then. I'm done now shit. Yeah, I'm

gonna get back to this. We're not talking about the weather already. tell you that right now. Let me tell you right now. Let me tell you right now. For cloud let me tell you. I'm trying to break this down. Things being set up to control Okay, what I'm telling you when you're talking about the elites and interdimensional signals that they're receiving that are telling us to lower IQ. You can't just say that proof. Okay, let me give you proof. That sounds so crazy, by the way. Yeah, all of it sounds so crazy. I wonder where the aliens are? The honors or you know what? It's really cool to say no. Hey, maybe we're in a computer simulation store. Everybody talks about that. Everyone says Dude,

you're not nobody they're saying.

easily easily, Joe. Yeah, we're in a computer simulation. But then when you talk about interdimensional like magical shit.

Like Wait a minute. Exactly. Magic is a technology that hasn't been discovered yet. Exactly. Videos are fucking magic for sure. If I can see you and we you and I could do this right now. And we could go like here we'll do it right now. This is what's the what we're gonna do. We're gonna go right now you want to talk some magic because this really is fucking magic. We're going to do

do

Instagram Live?

Live right now? We're doing not Instagram Live. We're doing like one of those little Instagram Stories. Instantaneous. infowars.com This is a whole new this is a whole new thing. Young Jamie I'm all right. Fuck. This has never played her live. Yeah. Oh, did you go a little longer than you let me go? Gotta be like I'm betting Bravo's on. What's that? We're gonna go

to Alex gotta piss again. Go pick. Yeah, no,

these lightweights. I'm just drinking coffee. I drank one of these kill Cliff coffees. drank one order of butter coffee

is gone. I'm drinking this Erawan conspiracy conspiracy. I'm drinking some juice. I had two glasses of whiskey. That's bullshit. And these bitches are peeing. They keep peeing. I'm gonna stand it

up a little girl.

Something I take credit to break stuff. That was his rant. Not sure we're gonna go back to that. She's definitely high as fuck, dude. The stuff about Buzz Aldrin is telling him some fucking exactly crazy shit. Yeah, I'm like, oh my god to

be fucked up. I told you we were gonna get Buzz Aldrin. Yeah, we gotta get him i

i knew that was the key the key to make this podcast super special was well he asked for the whiskey himself so he started the park yours that's his Oh, that's ours. No, that's a gentleman doesn't live listeners. This is just a record. Yeah, that's a record a big time record. Yeah 1000s record HOLY SHIT gentlemen. Jack is this is they sent us this right it's good. I mean, good and it all tastes terrible. Like you know you're sucking on the devil's asshole.

gusting I mean, that's kind of half the fun a whiskey is that it's disgusting.

Joe should live on Instagram. I love this. A lot of people thought that this was a conspiracy because Eddie went live on Instagram Live and you disappeared. So there was a lot of talk online ever existed.

Bill Hicks is a globalist are anti human. They think we're a bunch of dumb animals. But where are they aliens? They're carrying out a shot. They believe it's not aliens that does

it does that have to do with the Luciferian Freemasonry type shit. I'd love to bones skull and bone breakdown freak because I know in the Albert Pike wrote the Freemason Bible, he's talking about Luciferian shit. So if you're a Freemason,

and my hand says that he talks about,

okay.

Go for it. Go for it. Tell me about Albert Albert Pike. And I want to give me Joe here's the thing Joe, you brought in right? This was your point about willingness. It'll lead to your point because

you brought up this first one, please. You brought up the whole point about no more weed Alex. No more.

Taking quotes from Buzz Aldrin when

you You went too deep. Went to do more smoke you're talking to a difference. I'm not trying to dominate this.

Nice seriously, I want to be nice. Nice. You're a great guy. Look, I love you man. I'm happy to see you. But I'm telling you this is that the globalist admit a lot of this it's in a lot of their white papers all the reports going to actually give it to you I will they they say they believe they're going to become gods. The rest of us are profane and all that shit about interdimensional beings given them all the data when he says that,

you know, where

the theory of the species and we're all the Darwin stuff came from. He had an elucidation and believe he was given all this stuff from like demons. And I'm not saying that. You confusing Darwin Descartes. No, no, that's Darwin. Didn't Descartes have it? Isn't he the one that came up with the idea of science was science from a dream. So Darwin's idea came from Darwin was like, really into watch handling and stuff. And the guy acts like he doesn't Okay, whatever it was the guy that yeah, a lot of those guys. They get the technology. They believe from a frickin other dimension.

You know, people

know all about this as much as I do, or more Joe, and you sit there and act like you don't know, I forgot you're afraid to give your audience all the information. Yeah, but

Joe, no. Smart, but you know, bring it up. Then when you say I'm making it up this interdimensional? Well, I just want to know where it's coming. Definitely, just to the smartest guy ever. Showed it shut the door Darwin.

Well, no, I told me already pulling it up. You probably already know that. I know that Darwin's partner, the guy that he developed a theory of evolution where they were they both had like a similar theory and they came together with it. And he was like, really into it to the point where he was into channeling and all sorts of weird stuff. We knows this discredited him. I listened to a radio that's what they believe. I'm not saying it's real. CNN is gonna have me up here all clipped together. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying They discredited him and they just put all the emphasis on Darwin. That's what you only hear about

Darwin, where it all came from a Freemason? That's phase two. What about

let me give up the aliens. Come on. I know you know things you got to go back to Earth. I did we do. So you got to start there, which is fucking right. You don't want to do a show like this very. It's great. I love it. I'm not mad. Let me just tell you please do.

If you look at this, that's what I'm telling you. I don't believe it. Okay, I'm telling you studying what the establishment believes. None of them are atheists. They all believe they're getting interdimensional stuff. So if you go back to Galton, and Wedgwood, and Huxley, you recognize all these modern names. If you go back to Darwin, Darwin wrote this these letters Republic, you can read these online from national royal archives in England stuff. They all believed they were all part of a secret breeding program where the British thought they would have like this superhuman, if they bred these six families together, to like create all this is like mainlining British history, this is this is known.

And then Galton,

who's related to all these other guys, in the 1850s, he starts having these ideas, and he says there's a double helix, which is the snakes for science and medicine. And he said, we're going to discover the keys and the building blocks to live and he said, it's going to be called biometrics. And we'll track everybody by reading their genetics is what Hitler freaked out about and picked up. And something like eight of the 14 new sciences like half or more than half the sciences that came since the 1860s were all from Galton and all from Darwin so the media the Liberals give me this one thing you know Origin of the Species like I'm not saying it's wrong or right it's super heavy like galactic stuff. They give this to you. This is only one little boil down BS and we'd have you go to what these guys really wrote. They were like enter marrying and involving wicked seances and channeling and all this weird ass crap. And then they envision okay, there's a double helix DNA discovered it. Okay, biometrics, okay, we're all gonna Okay computers, okay, atomic weapons, give me the equations. And they were like all them like going to other scientists meetings and go, we believe there's a program where you take different matters together and isotopes, it will cause an explosion. And it's like they were like given either humans are super advanced already had this knowledge from somewhere else in our genetics and we're here before and we're able to then manifest this through genetic memories and archives or it was given off world but humans like have all this data compacted and compress ready like program What's that called? Like the Akashic records or something like that. So, all of it is is is is Akashic and epigenetics. Here's the epigenetics. They'll take chickens with eggs and do 10 generations and major universities that have never seen a hot and they put them in these like these 20 foot ceilings, and they'll have a triangle flyover and a square flyover and little baby chickens never care. Generation after generation go on for 15 years. They fly one Hawk over and they all squawk yelling, screaming and run into their nest. Now they never saw hawk and ever saw killer chickens generation after generation. It was compressed data knowledge of the Hawk that is passed on genetically Yeah, they say that's why children are always afraid of monsters. That goes tigers and bears I used to be cat My son just wants to be chased so much. He wants to practice getting away from a predator loves that the most. He wants to get away you can catch me and we'll just man we want to fight.

Predators you can't fight. If you can get the fuck away from that tiger at the zoo in China. I recommend you do that. Yeah. My son's

not even

one cloth.

I'll admit that I was like, oh shit. We shouldn't let him smoke weed. But then now you're thinking brought it back down. You bring him back. You came back. Strong. Keep it going. You're going to a good place right now. Keep it going. You're talking about now you're getting into Albert Pike. Ooh. Well, he's the founder of the cake a cake chop Confederate General head of the Illuminati worldwide at that time. So let's establish something that's like maybe people that are listening to this Michael, What in the fuck are these guys Ramadan? Well, I'm exposing

establish this throughout history from the beginning of organized human. There's no secret knowledge folks don't want to pass on. There's also been people conspiring to control whatever it's assigned what and people conspired to control whatever aspect of it whether its political, whether it's the military, like whatever it is, there's always been that it's always happened. There's been military coos, all throughout history. There's been wars all throughout and the United States has had a peaceful and broke

how so? I mean to the intelligence community leaked all the data to bring down the globalist heat. Eddie's asking, the intelligence community leaked all what data they leaked all the WikiLeaks he's over here saying, Are you saying that the Russians didn't do it? No. Really? How do you know this? Because the mainstream media says, I mean, Joe, give me a break. No, no, no, I just want to know how you

You know, if you've ever if you know me for like 1617 years, yes. You ever told me to say I have a source? And I'm making it up, be honest. No, no, no. I mean, I've got sources. So you can't tell us how, you know, let's just say I got data today from a head of state.

And what do you say? I can't tell you. Okay. Don't tell me. The point is, tell me.

Yeah, but the thing is, we screwed it up and released it early. So caused the problem. Explain the whole Russian diversion. We didn't mean it on purpose. That's always mad at us. Let's start with that. The Russian thing because there's intelligent people like my students like you here. You don't believe the Russians hack to you?

Why you saying believe that? Yeah. Why are you saying that the intelligence agency leaked all this. And not Russia.

Because I was told before it was all leaked by the former director of psychological operations, the CIA was gonna come out.

He told you that it was going to be leaked. Yeah. And before I was never, like, in bed with the CIA, I've interviewed people from the CIA, NSA, defense, intelligence, you name it over the years. I mean, it's all over the news. But it's entirely possible General Flynn, former head of defense, intelligence, tweets, all my articles. I'm not telling you. It's some secret. I mean, the enemy knows. The point is, is that I'm seen as an honest, good person, understand what's going on. I'm out for humanity. I don't want personal power. I want to help people. But isn't it entirely possible? I mean, how does the information like that get out?

Well, there's an open rebellion against the criminals have hijacked our government. And so we overthrew the globalists and Obama and we're taking him over in France, in Italy, in Spain, in Greece in the UK, the only place we're not successful so far is Canada. So you just took Australia about took Australia with the idea of marine society? What does that mean? See, most people sit there and brag about stuff. I'm telling you what's really going on? What is Australia?

I mean, globalist are losing countries every month right now to the liberty movement. What says that? These are people that want you and your family to be successful, and aren't out to hurt you and make you poor? Like the globalist. There's good people. And they used the intelligence agencies to defeat the globalist there's been a major counter offensive, and the globalist made one wrong move. It happened five years ago, it was it was the system wide leak four years ago, I've had CIA whistleblowers all up on the show colonels and special operations, you name it, who were authorized by high level senators come on my show, they ran a counter coup, there was a deal made with radical Islam to actually take over Europe, and then the United States. And by that make us can not convert but submit Islam, not criticize it, or they blow stuff up. They thought they bring in some, you know, new masculine arm that would make us submit, and it got so bad that even our own intelligence agencies that would have been corrupted said, Well, this is too far, we're not doing it.

And so America about four years ago, started coming back up for air, and now we're just overthrowing their whole system. There's a huge war going on. It's beautiful. We're kicking their ass on every front. Now, like I said, at the top. It's a it's the dawn of a new age. You were against George W. Bush, Clinton, Obama, all that you are not a Republican or a Democrat. You weren't for you were against government. But now it's a new day. Now the conspiracy theorists like yourself, you're the king of them. We're pro government and the sheep. They're like out there protesting crime. Explain that. Well, I mean, look, it's not that Trump's perfect, he really genuinely is like, going into all these corporate incentives and one sided deals, there's no meetings now there's a lobbyist, he banned them all for a lifetime. He literally goes hand with actuaries, and computer programs and goes with super NSA technology that even had before he was in. And he says, because the generals came to him years ago, they said we could deliver all this to everybody. We don't want to make America poor. We don't want to have big wars. We want to just have prosperity, sir. We've got next to free energy, all these technologies, cures for cancer, we're ready to release it. That's why he talks about the State of the Union, or his his first inaugural speech and does a little bit the second and he just really cares about humanity. And he's not a Satanist. He doesn't like raping kids. He like super hot Eastern European women. And just you know, who wants that? I mean, it was a little Kevin, you know that. He just he somebody's not out to get humanity. And he's got the intelligence agencies totally back into the hill. And it's just a super epic moment to be like, what's going on so far with Trump?

Hold on one second. So

what do you think when you you said earlier in the podcast that you don't think he's perfect, right? What do you think he could do different that would make people accept him? Well, I said last week, you should just about torture the next day, just magically is? Because

you came up with the idea. And

what did you say about torture is the Zeitgeist and I'm in the zeitgeist. So in that zeitgeist, you just kind of see everything right? Even though you're like just a normal person. You can like look into any evidence any way your your take on

is that it's good to have him in despite whatever flaws people may perceive, yes, goodwill, he was prosperity and he's not a part of the system that he replaced. That's why they're totally against. And he likes full grown women. Okay. I believe that you don't have to say that anymore. No, but I'm just I'm just telling you, I believe most people out there serious. Like they're lucky to get out of your backyard and torture him for a couple of weeks. Yeah. So they kidnap, they torture, they raise kids out that would come in the emails. And emails are like, well, these are kind of exhausted. We're about to have to retire them for you to get in there. Some of these are damaged.

look him up. He didn't believe me. I know. I believed you. Look, I don't know what

a big old guy comes in. It just breaks their jaw. So do you think Trump's going after him? What's going on? Oh, yeah, what he's done if he's successful, it's an entire route like a lot of people aren't just getting indicted right now. They're getting

they're getting take care of right now. Right. What about the Vatican? Are they gonna are they what is how is that word?

Jebel stop Trump. He's the devil stopping anything we've got stopping. That's the Vatican said. Yeah. The Vatican pedophile central issue shitting their pants over Trump. The Vatican is so bizarre. Yeah. Can you imagine Trump going after the Vatican? It's a country. What's crazy about it? Is he? Why? Because this is what

Alex I always thought how weird is it? That everybody in South Park is making a goddamn episode about them being pedophiles, and yet nobody's investigating what's going on here. So to me, you then you watch conspiracy of silence that documentary that never got released about the whole network, then you begin to realize, oh, shit, the reason? My opinion is the reason no one's getting arrested at the Vatican at a high rate anyways, is because everybody at the top is involved. Let me give you the good news. I'm not here to kiss the ass the establishment. A lot of patriots in the government who have always criticized ended up being the people that heard me bitching and you bitching do something? They done something and they're really trying to reverse this whole thing right now. And there is a full out war inside the government of guys that like to eat steaks, drink beer and have women versus a bunch of pot bellied pedophiles. Whoa.

Jesus Christ. What's really fucked up? Is that the people that before the Sandusky thing came out. The people rounded probably heard rumors, that was probably someone to talk to someone that says something but nobody really wanted to believe it. Well, it did happen. Well, and conspiracy of silence is a documentary you can watch that never got released. Yeah, they're talking about the base, the headquarters of the pedophile network that it's an international network is in Omaha, Nebraska at Boystown. Yeah, they they like taken orphans, orphans, there's different levels. There's guys, they don't want any trouble. They just want one.

And then there's psychos that want to go kidnap. There's like the hardcore people. And you know what? They're at top officials and in every aspect of government and celebrity. It's not everybody, but it's enough said there's enough people involved, that nobody's investigating anybody, because they're all involved. They all got to keep their mouth shut so crazy that something gets to the level that the Catholic church got to do with it. Ya know?

You want to hear

about a conversation. Myself and Donald Trump. Yes. Sure. You allowed to do this. Wait a minute before you do it.

Who cares me in trouble, he's drunk and high

on marijuana. That was that was a drink of this. This is frickin all this. Let's go. Now Trump basically said we're going to clean it up, Alex, we know all about it, Alex, we're gonna stop them. And we're gonna do it. They also said Obama's from Kenya. Well, that was when that's a huge intelligence op. You want to write that down? You wanna know about Reagan? It was it was talking about birth certificate. Okay. Now I can tell you the full scoop on that. Right? What do you think happened there? I know exactly what they told him that Obama was from Kenya. They fucked with them. Even here right now. Yes. Okay, I was gonna tell it Trump's story, but we'll see. I'll do that. Good. We'll go back

to Trump story. Thank you, Eddie. Store.

Jamie, you better add extra juice to that. times here. One more.

Apple juice. What? Apple juice? Maybe not. Alex, come on. Okay, secret. One more has Christ if you give me if you put him in there.

I'm gonna fuck how many years?

Dimension? How many years? Seven years. So we'll be able to you just about to say

what was the what was the issue? Jesus Christ. Do you remember what the question was? Jamie? What Donald Trump told you now that was an N Yeah. No, you're about to say what Donald Trump told you. Was it about he wanted to know about something else? What the fuck was it about but let's leave fuck But hold on a second. Fucking with my memory. What was it you were just you were just getting up. I'm not the only one. I should have a good memory. Remember, we're too high. Let's go to the Trump's I

During the week, Trump Jamie's gonna figure it out. Jamie's gonna figure it out. What does it tell me just to say, Yeah, someone's gonna tell him on Twitter and we'll figure this out Jesus Christ. And then I'll write this the problem with being too high and talking over each other who's about to tell.

Trump calls eight times a week on average, nothing for a long time. 10 hours show. No, no, this should be your longest podcast. We will definitely peter out before then. No, no, no, look, go forever. What is no one knows what the fuck we were just talking about. A minute gap.

Shot really great. We all forget your question because we're blasted you better. You better call your dispensary and get some answers. So you were talking about the Vatican? We were talking about pedophiles in the Catholic Church certificate. Oh, that's right.

The false twin Yeah, so tell me what this is a place where I'm not ashamed of this because I got conned. When I when I've been conned, which happens, you know, every every once in a while. You know, I admit it later, we learned from it. Okay, what happened to us all?

I only told you a funny. Kenya, Kenya. What? Okay, Kenya.

Okay, everything. I'm gonna say your listeners can write this down. They can search engine everything I'm gonna say and learn to see this for themselves. Because, okay, the journey with Infowars is it's not that I'm that smart. I'm just like you. I'm having this journey. And I'm gonna show you so this is what happened. Okay. Obama's

running for office and Hillary's people because I follow the news every day Hillary's campaign. This letter came out, puts out these morning Kenyan I'm like, I screw her. I was quietly and I'm really ashamed of this. But I told listeners this. I'll just say it. I was. I was early on Obama supporter in that I wanted to try to unify people I didn't like John McCain said, yeah, he's bad. The Democrats are bad, but I hated what had happened. So we were fooled by Obama too. Well, I was hoping let's get let him talk. I mean, I was an Obama supporter. I just didn't attack him. You liked it better than the alternative? Yeah, I didn't. I didn't push him for office. I was just like, hoping that all his BS was real. Okay. So I started hearing these leaks, and it was from Hillary, and you can Google the city, Hillary first pro generated the whole the whole deal. So I'm sitting there hearing that,

that he's born in Kenya sounds like I don't care. That's a bunch of BS. And then the article start coming out as the right wing picks it out who does the research? And it's his wife, and like 2006 and seven in speeches going my husband born in Kenya, knows about the immigrants experience. It's video, you can pull up Michelle Obama. Oh, yeah. Pull it up. And then, and then Harvard Law Review, which he headed up for at least three years. He was the editor. And he says I was born in Kenya a little bit. He blurred by his picture. Oh, yeah. Says he's more. He wasn't born in Kenya. Wait for this. Oh, so that was some just like, Pizzagate Oh, it's, I finally learned how that no double cross. It's not not in pedophilia. I mean, hold on, let's hear, say,

Let's ID testing, which is still plaguing so many of our communities, which you all know, a lot of that is due to homophobia. Barak has led by example, when we took our trip to Africa and visited his home country in kenya. We took a public HIV test, for the very point of showing folks in Kenya. That doesn't mean that he was like it was another club. He just found that fast. But there's another word she said there's the Harvard Law Review, which he edited where he says I was born in Kenya. Okay, well, that right there what she's saying is his homeland, like if you're from Ireland, like,

want to go back to Italy or Ireland or yeah,

they call it the homeland. But let's let's just going on what we're recovering. Can you trump the birth certificate? So yeah, Trump got involved in all that. So an old Bursar will go ahead. No, no. So how did he What did someone like leaked that information him to try to make him look foolish because he chased after it? Yes. So we're just researching. It's not about running away foolish. So do you think they just maybe made it incorrect? We found out all about it. This is stunning information. So

people want to say he's illegitimate. They then look at him in the Harvard Law Review saying he's born in Kenya they look at clubs. They look at the fact he won't release his birth certificate. He had a name name.

Barry Cateura and Indonesia. He had all these word cut out names. He had like five aliases. Wow. Why did he wrote that? He wrote dream look it up because he wrote, he wrote dreams of my real father, right? Or dreams. My father's reasonable father's the documentary. And in and he talks about Frank Marshall Davis, the communist famous pornographer that he spent summers with he looked side by sides, the same guy, so they were worried that was gonna be Frank Marshall Davis, but it actually been his mom in like a scam making money off. She was CIA, bringing back people to us and sham marriages to have them emigrate.

It was basically a cover up for the fact that Israel

Father was Frank Marshall Davis the communist. And so

that's who Obama's real dad was. And dreams. My real father breaks it all down. It's online. It's pretty powerful info. So what does that mean?

It just is a perfect example of you're not born in Kenya and you're really born in Hawaii, on the main city based Island. I live in Honolulu to Frank Marshall Davis. Right. And your grandfather's CIA, your mother's CIA, that's all been declassified. Here this cut out because mom was the CIA. Oh, yeah. What was she? What did she do for the CIA? She was a sex operative.

Yeah. And she posed for news photos in a kind of Bettie Page style was sex operatives, in photos at Frank Marshall Davis, his house.

And you know this because you've seen these, I've interviewed the people involved. I've read dreams of my father, where he admits I stayed at Frank Marshall Davis, his house, he was like my dad, my grandfather had a special unspoken relationship with Him. Quotes. Look up, Obama, Frank Marshall, Davis, or Obama, about what do you think about the conspiracy theory that Obama was like, bred by the CIA the whole way through all the way through? So I'm third? Oh, really, when you say CI, that just means like,

a marketing project to whoever was in power at the time, for eight years, whoever's in charge of that, whoever shows interest can go in and then just basically be involved in controlling the levers of the social engineering of the society.

So what does that have to do with Obama growing up did were those rumors that he was in, in a CIA agent in Pakistan? While he was supposed to be in Colombia? Oh, he probably exactly. He probably spent six months yeah, there's a suppose that father Barak, versus Barak the second verse is Frank Marshall Davis. Hmm. I think he looks more like the other Baroque. Okay. Well, look up. Look up Frank Marshall Davis is pornography. And his, and I will do no such than Obama's mother clearly in the photos.

His book dreams of my father, admitting that he stayed with Frank Marshall Davis. Okay. But But listen, that's not the issue. So we what I asked you, though, to get back to where we started from, was Why did Trump chase after that hole? He was born in Kenya shit for so long, because he knew was super hot with the public. And he wanted to know the answer to that as well. And didn't like the things Obama was doing.

It was a weird thing, right? Because if you were a guy who was a white guy, and we wanted to prove you're born in Austria,

but you had some birth certificate that said you were born the United States, you spoke perfect English, but you had a square jaw and you looked like you're from the Frozen North. Like this motherfucker is freeze from Austria. Dude. I'm telling you, he's from fucking Austria. And then someone like made a big deal out of it and gave you like a fake birth certificate and people wouldn't do you'd never hear racism, then interesting. Like you would hear that. Yeah, this guy might really have been born in other countries and something that wouldn't be president's daughter. Yeah, it's a race it'd be instantaneously it gets connected to racism. There's an assumed racism with almost any

color. Barack Obama any accusation. I love Jimi Hendrix, whose music and hear what color he is long. The Watchtower is the best ever. It's pretty goddamn good. So all of that. So all I'm telling you is you research Frank Marshall Davis and Obama. I believe it is it's cracking doubly conclusive. It is my mom and dad. Are we talking about like five years ago? That's crazy. Let us see the film about it. They saw it they were blown away. But let's let me give you the big picture. Please. The Elite admit that they are studying humanity like they're a breakaway civilization. They believe they're taking the best out of humanity and building a breakaway civilization of technocracy so they can transcend us and I want the public to know the decision has been made to dumb you down balkanize you turn you against yourselves, have regional wars, play people off against each other, and then basically release bio weapons that wipe out most of the population. Okay, well, the transcendent, you know, can I pause this right here? Who are the elite? Like when you say the elite? Who are these people? And how do they get together? Hold on a second. How do they all agree? Who votes to it? How do they decide

to hype a super billionaire characters like Ron and shit? So how do they get together and all agree on the same thing, they decide on agendas that will empower their individual agendas and they're pretty much let into those power structures early on Side of the Moon because they are okay the Berg group is as the Bilderberg Group of Rome Bilderberg Group, the Club of Rome de voce Club of Rome is a population reduction group. I mean, if you go to infowars.com Right now, there's an article and a video I cut about Oprah Winfrey, I'm not saying is a bad person, or she's part of a secret eugenics group. Hold on a second stop right there. You said I'm not saying she's a bad person, but she's part of a secret eugenics group.

really good. I like killing weak people. I'm just trying to thin the herd. I'm a really good person though. Yeah, that's hilarious. Like, absolutely. So you can go there. It's the truth about Oprah Winfrey. Okay. And it just deals with its new Soi. Oprah Winfrey and secret face. He looks so Sarah, toilet. Do you think she's in secret meetings with like the Bilderberg Group? She admits that okay, to her, they admit on the news to reduce population, right? Because we linked it first. But when

I know when someone experienced DACA, Hold, please, when someone like her says something about reducing the amount of illegitimate babies born or the amount of babies that are born because there's no birth control. A lot of times those kind of statements get construed into population control. She's in the media and people start saying she's in the population control. And that means she wants show secret meetings. And she's pushing it and she's taxing. I'm not in no secret meetings. Are you in no secret meetings? You go to the lengths that we like to have you ever been in one of those secret meetings? Do you hear what they said? Yes. Did you stay say they want to kill half the people know what they say that was really shocking to me rather wasn't I remember that, too. That was that was the real shit. You know, pick fucking Jim Brown types of dude. I mean, that is like, if you want to go back to like conspiracy theory fuel, like people that get excited about something, when you find out that there really are a bunch of global elites to get on this ranch. And they got a fucking giant stone owl. And they burn a bundle of wood in effigy. And they all wear fucking masks and shed, and then you actually have video footage of it. And this weird sort of a ceremony they're doing whether it's satanic or not that

crazy or pretending it is. Whatever, whatever it is. It's crazier and

and they hide exactly what it is. Yeah. Go into that. How did you sneak into the Bohemian Grove? That was amazing. Well, people always said it was a Saturday Levy and it wasn't quite like that. We had an insider wanted to get me in to actually see it. And most people aren't bad that go to it. But the point is, it's kind of a gateway into all of this. It's amazing. So this is you Abrahim Ian Grove and you're in you're on the other side of like, it looks like a little pond or something. Feel free to play it goes beyond don't care. May fire make merriment with your dust. Me go no care. It was so strange. It was so bizarre listening to that guy and the speaker blaring out across Play it put lit let's let's play something that was Walter Cronkite.

Are we oh, here

holy pillars

sounds like a play for high school. It is it's all play.

But religion started that way as it like entertainment. So what do you think this is just some really ancient ritual that they're redoing? Yeah, I thought it was no big deal till I was in the crowd of old men they were just lavishing. They were like they loved basically ejaculating in their pants that touched me Sure.

Are you projecting? No no they were like it ecstasy.

What is it about people that love those secret societies? Like you remember that JFK speech about secret societies? We will not tolerate him? Yeah, it's a fucking beautiful speech. Well, that because I'll pull it up Jamie pull up JFK speech.

power over others and don't crave secret essence. Right? They're looking for that secret place the Most High? Yeah, no, absolutely. That's but that's just like you were talking about pedophiles? Just like it you know any other deviant Fuck

yeah, I just want to go eat a big pile of steaks and drink some beer.

Let's crank this up. Ladies and gentlemen.

The very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society. And we are as a people, inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, the secret oaths and secret proceedings. I'm by myself but James case plan ago put this on him. Have you ever heard the dangers of excessive and I'm talking about secret societies of pertinent facts, far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it.

And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment. That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control. And no official of my administration, whether his rank is high or low, civilian or military. They're like should interpret my words here tonight. As an excuse to censor the news, right? to stifle dissent. They knew what to cover

Upon mistakes,

or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know.

Well, we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion, instead of elections, on intimidation, instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night, instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic science talking about common political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissent is a silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned, no rumor is printed. No secret is revealed.

No president should fear public scrutiny of his program. For from that scrutiny comes understanding and from that understanding, comm support or opposition, and both are necessary. I am not asking your newspapers to support at administration.

But I am asking your help is pushing the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people for I have complete confidence.

Kilda that's a that's such a crazy speech because it's him talking about the structures that were already in place, and about the dangers of withholding information for people and him being forthright as a president in a way that we've never heard before since. Like, he's literally talking until Trump Trump Trump's opinion like that. Now, what Trump tell you? Well, let's just be clear. He's talking about our own military industrial complex that Eisenhower just warned about his outgoing predecessor. He's talking about the Soviets there at the same time, he was a really smart cookie. The Eisenhower warning is one of the creepiest things in human history about the military and JFK that sounded like he was talking about communists. Yeah, pull up. Eisenhower warns of the military industrial complex. He did it but just do there's a clip that just has that so segment of it. We only so for Yeah, there was a lot. He says there is a scientific technocratic elite that is out of control of all information about to shut it down to the public. And then they will control the military. So beware of the military and he was in the military was bad, right? He said these 10 Military Industrial Genesis, we're about to get control over the scientific people I'll tell you about. See if you can find where it goes it Jamie This is the address right here is my fellow Americans. We now stand 10 years past the midpoint of a century. That is witness for major wars among great nation.

Joe's right typing Eisenhower military, industrial complex face. Yeah, he's gonna say it in here somewhere. But it's a three minute speech. As

Alex, it seems like Trump, you know, everybody, a lot of smart people in different points in their life, they begin to realize how much how many lies, they've been told, they begin to wake up, they're not totally woke up, but they begin to wake up. And then they find out about 911. But they don't believe all this other shit. And then they find out about this, but they don't believe in all that other than they find out about that. And then at the very high levels, like the dudes that are like, yeah, all this shit is true. If you could follow the money. It's probably true. You might be wrong one or two or three times, but generally, we're dealing with a totally crooked situation. That's what are they doing? They're not stealing money from corporations, you steal money from a corporation, they're gonna come after you and kill you. With what they're doing is it's the mastery of stealing tax money. That's what this is all about is stealing tax. Nobody, because nobody's gonna go after

you steal tax money, you get all these programs and these bills pass. Let's play this. Good, Jim. These military contracts the taxpayers are paying for all this livelihood are all involved. So here's the very structure of our society

and the council's of government, we must we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex.

The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.

We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. Jesus Christ, let that out like it was so tech as you think about this, back in the early days of radio in the early days of

Moving Pictures only

only the elite had access to this technology moving pictures radio, right from the get go right from day one.

Right from day one. It wasn't like your average guy was trying to help humanity. The guys who had this technology were like, damn, they believe whatever the fuck we say back in the day you listen to the radio, those news reports or when the movie pictures were read from madness. Yes, that's what I'm talking about right from the get go TV, movies, radio and all of it was propaganda. Let me tell you what happened never left out Jones's aliens involved in this story, talking about propaganda and lies in our head LLM. Sir come to Him, who was the chairman of the Joint Chiefs? LL limine. Sir, that is now just Google operation. Northwoods? Oh, I know about that. Sure. So they came to him and they said, We're gonna launch terror attacks in America and start a war with the Soviets. He's like, Well, I know they're evil, but we're not going to do that. So he fired up. The JFK cubs and the same guys had to make him do it. He refused and so they kill him. While they wanted to have drone jetliners and blow them up and blame it on the Cubans. That alone they wanted to arm Cuban friendlies and attack Guantanamo Bay, they had a bunch of really crazy shit planned when you realize what Operation Northwoods was. And you realize that this was signed by the Joint Chiefs of Staff it scares the shit out of you. Because it makes you

this real

world talking here. We will talk in here there's It Doesn't that scare the shit out of you doesn't? Yeah, blow your mind that this still today? It's 2007 Doesn't it? Blow Your Mind that people still think that 911 happened the way it was we'll get to that. Ratio Northridge is 100% provable that crazy back to the declassified 2000 when people realize that that was a real documents US government plan to start war the Russia and kill people they blow up movie theaters attack US military bases kill Americans on Capitol Hill American military people hijack jets crash them have CIA get on board. So fake plane lands are the real plane lands a fake plane attacks. It was it was 911 It's just bananas that someone would actually sit down and write was leaked by patriots six months before 911 trying to stop it really. And that's not saying Islamic terrorism real. It's not saying blushing and did it some super dark State Group, which Congress now has a 28 pages vindicating 911 truthers, that Saudi Arabia with people that they had gotten to convert to Islam and paid off of their trillions and they got trillions, had joined them in some larger plan to blame.

Iraq and other countries that were non radicals of Saudi Arabia can take them over who who put together 911, Saudi Arabia, the Muslims, anybody? So they want to invade these other countries out what happened in the US. I mean, the US wasn't involved, of course,

who was involved who were the key players, the 911 It's totally compartmentalized. So you run a drill

of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon being attacked on that day. So the the planes are told flying around Oh, this is just a drill. That was a drill that was supposed to be run that day, and all came out a drill that was about it wasn't it wasn't true false false flags, it seems like okay, we're gonna do a false flag. We need to set up a drill. They need a drill going on. But let's be clear, it's 99.9% of the government wasn't involved because of computers. It was a test. They get to stuff 100 times worse now. No one will know because it's all remote activated the Jets. By then we're all remote control. Every jet for 25 years, the big new ones has come. Murrow control. It's all it's all. It's crazy, man. There's jets now or unmanned. Absolutely. Well, no, there man. It's just thinking to go on autopilot. Yeah, stupid.

If you think about it, it's remote control dumb, it's memorable, said about the drone jetliners. And they were going to blow up that jetliner and blame it on the Cubans. That wasn't going to be a jetliner filled with people. It's going to be a drone. They had the capability in 1962 of doing it, which is how did how did how did Robert F Kennedy or JFK his older brother?

Who was Joe Kennedy Jr. Die. He was flying a fighter plane remote controlling to be 17 flooded with explosives. As drones crashed into Germany. They had drums in World War Two. Jesus Christ. They had drones and World War Two. What were they powered by? Cave? How did Joe Kennedy How did Joe Kennedy Jr. Die? He does a great mission over Germany. It does seem like Kennedy the father? No. Joe Kennedy, Jr. Oh, the crazy thing about the Kennedys is is you know if you're a lot of times you see criminals come from, like a good family. And then you see Robert Kennedy and John F. Kennedy. They come from gangs. His dad was a gangster straight up mafia. And then he has two kids. They thought they had him under control because he's from a mafia family zone.

Hey, here's the

here's the guy's name Joe Kennedy. Isn't that weird? Because it's like you're the opposite of your parents like you want to go against your parents. So Robert Kennedy and John F. Kennedy, they went against that shit, that

that's the only reason they were in there because of the support that Bob stole Illinois for him and the mom supported John F. Kennedy. He was hanging out with Frank Sinatra. Then all of a sudden he flipped. And you know what? He stopped hanging out Frank Sinatra. He started changing his ways something flipped did they?

Did he have a kid that died or something like that? Is that that made something made them flip. I thought I read something that could be total bullshit. But it could be that he had a son that died that made them flip

looked at. Let's go to Joe Kennedy Jr. here. He was killed. Guys. That can make you think totally differently. You're sure when your kid dies, you're like, Fuck this. I'm going with my soul. Right? Yeah, you're like, Fuck this. What could be worse? What? My son already died? What's

coming after you? Yeah, like a fucking Apache savage with nothing to lose. Joe so Joe Kennedy, Jr. was killed in action while serving as a land base patrol bomber pilot in World War Two, and was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross Alex Jones thrown down. Alex just doesn't doubt. Ah, dude, you're fucking, you're on fire. This is almost three hours. There's people out there.

They're just laying it down. You're laying it. They're like Game of Thrones. Yes, you are. All I know is there's people in the government that want to empower people. And they're trying to do a good job. And I'm not anti government. I want to have a good constitutional government. And the truth is, I couldn't believe when NYPD contacted me of the Secret Service. The Secret Service came to me when I was at the RNC. So I'd like the number one pass. If nobody had read passes, I go behind the scenes. Nobody stopped me. But back in the back deal. The Secret Service like in their suits, go. Hey, Alex, come here. Will tell you some about Hillary give us a contact number.

The next month, we're gonna contact you about a month later. I get a contact they go, can you come down because nothing's digital. He comes down to me at this place. So I go down and meet or meet one of my other people as well. Because where they weren't was like they were hitting both sides of operation. And they said to me, Hillary has seizures like every 30 minutes. She's got an ambulance, it's black. She falls down all the time. Just bet your people at her events. You'll see her falling down. She's covering it up. Well, sure enough a month I announced that on air a month later, she falls down in front of cameras. We had footage a week before in Cleveland again, same place. He was back to his Oh, it was a key battleground. And she she was like for an hour in this emergency tent with it with ambulances and stretchers. So I'm telling you, I mean, I've got real sources that really care about what's happening in this country. And everything. They told me he was dead on. You know what's scary about my government leaks. Let's go go back.

The Hillary thing was very bizarre because nobody was supposed to mention it. Like you weren't supposed to mention that she was fallen down. She said weird, like

pneumonia. They said, Oh, she had pneumonia. Let me tell you something. I've had pneumonia. You know what I haven't done. I haven't ever walked and just fallen down while I'm walking is that really phrase the background and comment on it? Because this is key.

It's known that in 2012, she fell in her head and she got a severe concussion. That was surgery from my sources. But yes, she's in the hospital for a year. Then she was yeah, she was fucked up for six whole months, according to Clinton, according to Bill, so she looks like we don't know where she is. And then meanwhile, I'm told Hey, she's falling down all the time. She looks like hell on TV. And then Secret Service says, look, you've got the people get up off your ass and follow her. So we follow her and like five cities. We didn't catch it. We were in New York. They sneak her out. She falls down having epilepsy every 1520 minutes. 30 minutes. The point is, is my Intel was good. They gave us good info. So what are the elite thinking? They're gonna put somebody in with epilepsy. That's all I'm saying. But do you think that it was just that their idea was she can hold it together just anything rather than trust as soon as they just wanted to get her through, get all those girls like, Oh, my God, everything's great. And then they pass all these motherfucking bills. And it was it seemed to me that when all this was happening, that people so desperately wanted to not look at it because the alternative was Trump. It wasn't that they were taking an objective look at and go, Wow, maybe she shouldn't be blacking out and then you consider that massive head injury that she had in 2012, which is real. It's a fact you don't like it when you bring that up, though. Because they think if you bring that up, you're gonna change people's opinion, and you're going to help Trump win. Well.

Can I just spend two minutes talking to your audience, which which cameras about Trump that one, just to mention, I don't claim to have all the answers. And I'm not here to boost your trump because I'm tied to his wagon. If I attack Trump, I'd make more

Money. This isn't about money, it's about the truth.

Trump really is trying to cut taxes and make people successful and wealthy. He really does care about the average person, the elite have set up a plan to enslave people to make folks poor. And all I'm asking you to do is get past thinking that you're part of the establishment or you're smart, because you're anti Trump. I'm asking you to actually look at what's really been going on. And understand that Democrats, Republicans come and go, some are good, some are bad. The whole power structure has been against Trump for a very serious reason. Trump is coming after them, and really is attempting to bring down this whole global system. And that's what all hell's breaking loose. So I just want your viewers and listeners to know, I'm not some political hack. Like you said earlier. I used to be against Bush. I wish Obama would have been real. The point is they got to Obama with Trump. He doesn't give a damn. They admit they're offering money, everything he doesn't listen. So you think what Trump could or excuse me what Obama could have been is who he was when he was running for office that he was this radical element of change, hope and change. He wanted to close down Guantanamo Bay. He's wanted to do all these things. But once

all that Che Guevara posters in the back during his administration the DEA decided to not take marijuana off the schedule one everybody knows it's not scheduled he was the cover for schedule one means no medical use means that's what it means to be scheduled one that's crazy that marijuana schedule one when it's the most useful, out of all the different various illegal drugs smart. You know, you smoked marijuana quite a bit. You're still smart guys. Definitely not bad for just smelling it. I can't even think here. I know you can use it. Let's get serious. Let's go. I'm telling you. What's Trump about? What are those conversations about? Let the people know.

I mean, Trump really wants to make poor people rich. He really wants to defeat collectivism, collectivism, he hates all the bashing the family and what's collected as all the New World Order, collectivism is this thing, like, You're not an individual, you're like part of a group. And Trump can't stand that he can't stand sees a businessman business deals where China has like 35% currency tariffs on us, there's no way you can even compete, and they're shutting off our power plants with regulations, but not theirs. Why do we do that then? What is the reason why because our elites under and quite frankly, under under, under Kissinger, and and of course,

you know, the president who was in that administration, Nixon, they made a one sided deal for a leech to go make deals with China on their billion plus slaves. I don't say that kind of sitting away. They're like slaves to leverage out the West, the whole world's industry. And Trump doesn't like those one sided deals. And he's saying, listen, we're not going to impoverish America. We're going to empower America. And we're going to actually use American power to promote freedom worldwide. So let me get this straight for guys like me that when all Trump's does, promises, like so what you're saying is, in layman's terms,

the elite, the people in power, the people that have the greenlight power to sign these treaties, they were maybe offered a couple mil here, a couple mil there and sign this to sell the country out so that they can make 10 mil here, five mil there, anything like that. The US got colonized by corporate takeover artists. And Trump at the end said fu so we're going to take their whole global system they built for nothing take it away from him and have the true New American millennium, not the new century. You listen to his we got the title. If you want to play his 18 minute share to the union we can start are not

going to play that global Fidel, his his his his global inauguration speech, he lays the whole beautiful bitch out. And so if anybody ever wanted to actually have somebody trying to make them great and wealthy and powerful, it's Donald J. Trump. That's why the whole elite the whole power structure, Hollywood, all the pedophiles every damn demon every pot belly want to fucker, you know, they are all against Trump because he is pro human. And he wants to dominate all these people. It is an act of an alpha male. He wants to if it's of the ego every now and then every now and then. Yeah. Well, he's actually helped to run for office. And he talks to you and he calls you right? I mean

He uses people you know people think out people that don't know how Jones they believe the mainstream media when they try to crucify him and say he's a fucking quack and he's well Alex what you need honestly, is someone to temper you. You need me right next to you all the time to balance

powerful this is you being right there that you're like the fucking calm down.

You got a bio suit on and you got a fucking ray gun. You're like okay, we need this alien tech for to benefit humanity. But I got to put this goddamn bio suit on

because he's going crazy just got to just kind of steer him occasionally you just you get you get on rants and you'll you'll connect four or five different non related subjects but that's that's a beautiful guy that does

guy that does that go rent after rent after rep after rent with no teleprompters only guy that could do is

I'm actually very pleased that that Joe has finished all my sentences and knows more than I do and it sits over there acting on he doesn't know all this I don't know more so you can be more than you know just as much as every document every secret program. We knew all about it. You know it wasn't bullshitting. Listen the whole time you've been fucking you are building listen, I'm, I'm microscopy

he's a great comic, micro

scopic bacterial penis atomic split the goddamn critical mass compared to Joe Rogan. I'm nothing. I'm nothing. And I've talked so much shit about conspiracy theories that I feel like I need to shut the fuck up. Because I don't I don't want any fraud. I don't really travel.

Questions of the universe? It's questioning on your own the ministry and not just receiving the priests class stuff. Yes, but I'm not trying to. I walked away from my podcast. No, but I thought nobody was listening. But now people want me to go back. I thought nobody but listen, I don't want to be a conspiracy guy like you. I don't want to be that but I listened to you. And you are my canary in the goddamn coma. As long as you're alive. I feel like I'm okay to say shit. But I'll tell you this every time I come to do the fight companion Joe Rogan experience I swear to God I tell myself this this fight companion no motherfucking conspiracies there's let's just live life I call joke and I call him after Viking thing and they go I can't believe I did it again. Joe. I can't really but suddenly

you want to discuss

something in me wants to help people for some reason. And a lot of times my enemies like fuck them. Make a fucking you know what I mean? Fuck them. And I'm like, damn, I just walk away. Because I am compelled. But I'm not trying to make money off conspiracy theories. I have a conspiracy theory podcast right now and it would be okay. But I'm not even trying to do that. I don't want to do that. I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to be you. But something inside me when the fucking mics there in someone's question when like, I got a son. And I want to make sure that I fucking do everything I can for him. Because I don't want to I don't want to leave him with some shit that I couldn't change. So inside of me, I'm like on the fence all the time. But you have to be careful. Careful when you're overzealous. Yeah, because if you're overzealous and you actually turn people the wrong way, then they look at any conspiracies as being preposterous. Even the ones that are real, like Sandusky liked the Catholic Church, like so many other ones before there's a ton of them like Hastert who is the speaker of the fucking house. pedophile. There's been a lot of Frank. So it's really critical. But But But hold on a second hold on a second, Eddie. It's really critical whenever you discussing any of these things that you get all the fucking ducks in order before you pick aside. It's super important. Because anytime you make some crazy claim, and it's connected to a conspiracy theory, and it proves to be wrong, it fucks with all the ones that are

virtually them. All right.

People saying I'm Bill Hicks. People

are saying that it's like their eye hurts me they're that dumb that they don't know my own joke. It's a joke meme man. It's on Reddit shit. No, I get it. I get it. It's a 4chan. They're having fun. Melissa, you know, some of them are serious. No, yeah. But no, they're not some of Alex, let me ask you something really quick is very important. Let me ask you super important. Like I was I was trying to say this earlier, but we had to go back and finish up now. But this is very important. I I teach jiu jitsu I got students all over the world. I got schools all over the world. I have all my students a wet start to wake up. You know, that's like a metaphor, a conspiracy. They're, like at different times. Some are just interviewed for jujitsu, but they believe the CNN side 100% It takes them three years and they're like, oh, shit, they start smoking weed and Damn, they're all all over the conspiracy. Everybody awakens at a different point. No matter how smart they are. You didn't even get your master's, your PhD. You could be Oh, I'm a scientist or whatever. But you're working for the government. And you ain't thinking about you. But listen, listen. Do you think Donald Do you think Donald Trump is in the middle of an awakening?

Awakening from 100% real? He's like, is he in the middle of an awakening? Yes. Because he could easily been a billionaire to me two years ago who who bought all the mainstream shit, but he was a billionaire. He didn't give a fuck about the mainstream shit. He's cutting D

heels blowing up. But now at a certain point, no matter where you are, no matter how smart you are, you awaken a little little by little from. Donald Trump knows which way the winds going. And as Julius Caesar in in, in the famous play by William Shakespeare of Julius Caesar, there's a tide in the affairs of Mammon taking the flat leads on to Fortune. Or as Mark Twain said, In the beginning of patriots, a scarce man hated and feared scorn for the time of his cause exceeds, it costs nothing to join a patriot. So, here's what's happening right now. There's a major shift happening and Trump really wants to empower the people. Globalism is anti human. And so, all I'm trying to get at is, is that some really big things are happening in this world and people watching shouldn't be conservative or liberal. Can you stop to stop you from what do you when you say globalism? What do you mean by that? Please define that globalism is like Neo colonialism but it's corporate colonialism over humans, individuals government states, old world new world, it's worldwide colonialists did Rothschild Rockefeller nationally its monopoly capitalism to dominate populations and create centralized systems of monopolies and control as to innovation. It wants to end upward mobility. Why do we want globalism is corporate world government? Why did they want to stop innovation?

Because they see it was perfect. They see it is what they call disruptive technology and humanity so powerful you've already got a monopoly so is this a reason consideration after the internet has been no global is bigger than that but yes, okay. You're part of that's true. Since they've already got control. They want competition to end they're in control they don't want challengers they've seized control the human psyche human development to the stars they've got it all they think they're getting rid of humanity becoming Gods whatever dementia they're tuned into told them that so they want debates to end right and they want authoritarianism they want what would happen their bulk and how is how is Donald Trump going to stop this a bulk came off the you're gonna see it as making bolts come off the cuff and how do you hoping it happens? Alex, how are you hoping? What does have to do with blocking chances are energy siphons are vampiric action course. So if he actually cuts taxes, the poor people middle class and gets rid of tax incentives for really rich, he's not coming after the rich but from a conservative perspective. So the Republicans are cheering him. So is that what he wants to do? He wants to cut taxes for everybody. Except the rich. He's going to increase them. Really? Oh, yeah. That seems like the opposite of what a rich guy would do. Right? But he understands like Henry Ford did. You got to sell a car where people have to afford to buy it you got to pay your employees where they can buy it he wants real prosperity he doesn't this is trying to get off in his in his limousine rather than buy burnout old towns. does is it's been announced this tax plan. Yeah. So Jamie, see if he could pull up what it says that's fascinating and wonder if that'll change people's opinions. If that really does happen, and people can save a significant amount of money in taxes the problem, the globalist admit they want a global consolidation. They want a global downturn to break everybody's will and accept all the new taxes and regulations. And so Trump is racing. Remember, they had for eight years 0% interest, but it was only the big banks. Trump said we're gonna keep zero percentage for one year, you know, he's against it. But for poor people to get 0% interest, who cares? It's all Fiat anyways, the banks lose the money. It's all just write offs. They're killing it all now and raising raising taxes with Trump tax reform that will make America great again, the goals of Donald Trump number one tax relief for middle class America in order to achieve the American dream, let people keep more money in their pockets and increase the after tax wages. Number two, simplify the tax code to reduce headaches, Americans face in preparing their taxes and let everyone keep more of their money. So he's trying to plan he's already implemented it though. 14 or 12 days and we've already got he's doing it. So if you're single and you earn less than $25,000 or married and jointly earn less than $50,000, you will not owe any income tax is zero shit. Yeah, holy shit and the taxes on portable that removes nearly 75 million households over 50% of the income tax rolls are there they get a new one page form to send to the IRS saying I win those who would otherwise Oh, how crazy is that? They get to save a new one page form to send to the IRS saying I win.

Those Those who would otherwise owe income tax will save an average of nearly $1,000 each. Yeah, it's not that bad. If you're the lowest bracket that pays taxes. You basically don't pay taxes. You don't want to quibble in taxes are for rich people. If you're rich you pay big tips you get it like these people need money. Look at this statement. No business of any size from a fortune 500 to a mom

Pop Shop to a freelancer living job to job will pay more than 15% of their business income in tax and SS plan this lower rate makes corporate investments inversions and unnecessary by making America's tax rate one of the best in the world. Yeah, holy shit. We have all the highest rates. So nobody wants to be here. No family will have to pay the death tax. Holy shit. You know about this? Yeah, that's, that's a liver man. Trump is for real right? Oh, he's totally you earned and save that money for your family and not the government. You paid taxes on it when you earned it. That is so big emigrants has Atlanta's a beautiful tax plan that death tax is disgusting. So like, if you left money for your kid, they would take half your money. They take credit, some dumb giant chunk of it, and he's saying that's not going to happen anymore. That alone. That's a beautiful thing. That's a very good thing. So

Trump has painted

last night I land and they're like 70 of them and like they're like pushing by families with kids like kk k like yelling at families just on Infowars they like literally pushed by like Hispanic families and black people screaming kk k, and I looked at him on tape and just going like, what feels good for people to have a clear enemy. And if they can justify in their mind, you're a white supremacist or anybody on the alt right is a racist, or Trump's kk k. And I heard he, he's a rapist. Yeah, everyone's what's going on.

Marching on the streets. Well, there's also a bunch of people that are looking for some sort of solidarity. Punk. Maybe they were maybe they thought that Hillary was a better choice. And maybe they got excited that they could get together and join up and walk the streets. Anytime you can get people to get together for a common good in their mind at least, and no one gets arrested. That's a good thing.

Traffic for a lot of people have made it annoying. Yeah. What would you do if like, almost half the time you go out to eat or in a grocery store? Someone comes up slaps you in the back and you're telling me that happens to you? Right? Well, I wonder where it's like their inner dimensionally connected, like, why is it always boo your loser slap you in the face in the back of the head? It's like, how do they so it's not because they don't want me to that was the greatest thing you've ever said like, No, I'm sure.

You just invited the door for people going who you're a loser and they try to slap you in the back of the head. It's gonna happen.

You started a human meme. I don't care. The point is, how are they so synched up? Here's the deal. Well, you have women going, Allah Akbar. Well, I love God, by the media sent by the media and I'm out there, peacefully videotaping him the Saturday after Trump's inaugurated in DC before I leave, and they're like fu white male, they're all white women. Fu Jehan.

And they put hats on they burkas screaming? I'm gonna join jihad. He'll never stop me. I'm like, I'm gonna cut your genitals off and put you on a slave block. I don't get where I've never done anything to women. And all these weird ass women include the DC police. We're letting people attack us they were wearing these pink hats. And then they got attacked, praising Oh, yes. I'm saying that you were drunk. That's not true, right? Absolutely not. I didn't think so. No, no, the truth is, the headline was Alex Jones kicked out of inauguration. Oh, yeah, they were they had people blocking the entrances. Because they had it all fenced off. You get in? Yeah, it was. The whole thing is it's it's very, the whole movement is very aggressive. You know, it's like a response to what they think is aggressive. You know, you're all over their slick asking questions. Massage, honestly, ever. Let's be serious. Okay, what is your real world view on the nature of consciousness on this planet an intergalactic space? I've been I've been really honest today. Okay, a lot of true answers. So metaphysically What is the secret of the universe? This is what I think there was a little organism that was just recently discussed. I tweeted it I think yesterday, and they think it was a pretty one of the very first organisms that was the precursor to what we eventually became that all biological life like living walking things came out of this one, multi celled organism, right? Yeah, so one thing, I think as that happened, whatever, hundreds of millions of years ago, I don't know what the number is. But whatever, however long billions of years that happened to go, if we keep going in that same direction, whatever we are now, what it's going to be totally unrecognizable. Just a few 100 years from now or a few 1000 years from now, or if we just do it biologically a million years from now, but I think that if human beings managed to stay alive for a long period of time and not blow each other up, we're on the cusp of figuring out how to manipulate our very beings, like to the point where we're not going to be people anymore. It's just gonna change. That's it. Yeah, humanity is at the crossroads.

And that's my message today, the elite have decided they think the course of our evolution. I'm here to say, shouldn't we decided to have a debate about it? Well, I don't. That's why the Joe Rogan experience is a great place for that people have this insatiable need for innovation. They're fascinated by it. They want the newest phone, even though their phone works perfect. They just want it they have this desire. It's a weird thing. It's just like we were talking about like these, these things aren't designed to make you addicted to them. You're just addicted to and they're designed well, there's a weird sort of connection that we have to this technology. And I think it's because of what Marshall was. For. I think it's because of what Marshall McLuhan said that human beings are the sex organs in the machine world. I really think that's what they're doing. I think all of this integration and all this innovation of all this kind of the prime come propelling this compelling focus on technology, is because evolutionarily, that's where our biology goes, it goes to technology because it can manipulate it at a far faster rate than our evolution and you're saying biomechanically, genetically through round cells not square silicon, we do it more beautifully. And strongly I agree with what you're saying, overall, I don't think it's an either or, it shouldn't just explain Alex, I don't think it's just accepted. They're gonna be able to do shit. In both ways. I agree. They're gonna be

computers, or I'm gonna do it's gonna happen. The point is, you're gonna be screaming 400 years from the public needs to know this. Yeah. So I think the larger debate about it, well, they aren't learning about it. It's just something that you have to seek out and it's really all the informations control, I don't know about that the information about is about innovation and artificial intelligence. They're getting a lot out of your study. Is your Tony fucking Montana running the planet? Would you let that shit out? Or would you keep it for you? But Edie there's not Tony Montana is not running science. The thing is, the scientists are almost all involved in universities and different studies, they're working on their PhDs or trying to make a name for themselves or you're exploring all these different possibilities and then big companies that can profit off of it and billions and billions of dollars like Sony or Apple or any of these other companies just scoop these people up and they're fucking Hold on. A second thing is to innovate and make money. That's what they're there for. That's what they're doing the envelope and

they're not Tony Montana. Do you understand this? You're talking about two different things you do making a false utopia? No, no to talking about what the scientists are trying to benefit the things. I'm talking about what Intel here's? Who makes iPhones doesn't matter. We're having a real discussion about the future of the technological system of humanity. Right? They don't want that discussion. So this thing's whether it's It's Joe or Alex Jones or Eddie Bravo. We're all having on Joe Rogan experience a discussion. The elite are having right now in kawaii right now with Zuckerberg, I know for a fact the elites are meeting with Zuckerberg and

Facebook to he's about Calais. But the whole point is they're having this meeting. He owns Facebook now we should discuss what's happening. Is Facebook part of the Illuminati now, you know, bear shit in the woods part of it come on our joint, you know, delete your profile you

delete your profile? I know you do. I know. I know you do. Hey, the big issues of the world is he never asked you about Ronald Reagan. I want to know about aliens.

Can you keep coming back to that? Because I want to know, what do they know about aliens? What do you what are they real? Okay, I'll tell you right now.

And what I say is not political. And it's not from my particular perspective. Okay. It's from the no knowledge in the universe. Okay.

We live in a third dimensional plane, we can see the planets, the galaxies, the suns, hundreds of billions of galaxies photograph universes. We live in an amazing space time continuum.

The elites believe that it's not in the third dimension that we're mainly receiving transmissions. Ships don't arrive from alphas and tourists, or gitI prime for wherever they're coming from,

or below G's.

They come here to interdimensional gates that are much closer through fold space. And so we have to discuss the different influences there in the universe. And the fact that we have freewill. And we decided we want I don't believe in any of this. I'm simply telling you what the elites believe. So they believe that there's another dimension and these beings are abundant. They need baby blood, right? They need somehow they need babies. Right tune in, let me tell you, we're really powerful.

Were made the image of our Creator, our brain is able to tune into the lowest dimension, the highest dimension, humans are basically really powerful creatures that can live right close to suns. They're highly radioactive, nothing else can live it's close that very short lives, because we're like a hive organism that actually lives second to second

In the space time continuum, it's like 100 years, it's a second. And we transmit our data up to be able to live next to like the Stargate jump gates that are that are sons. So because we live so close to the suns, we only have like milliseconds to be alive. So we're actually a hive organism that keeps transmitting up to the next species in our in our in a hierarchical system, and then down below us. So we're alive right now in this continuum. And we're trying to progress and make things better. And the elites are trying to make sure that we don't dial into that incredible knowledge we've got as a species that basically die as a species, so that we're not competitors, on the next level, as the Bible says, of their dimensional plane, but

But you don't believe that, you're just saying that's what they believe? Oh, yes, exactly.

What do you believe? I mean, I believe in research, do you think that I believe in research, too? Do you think that there is something from other dimensions that can access us? This this we are other dimensions? The third and Sasha is only one limited plane in a larger space? I do believe so. We're a part of that spectrum. Well, let's just say we're not in Kansas anymore. Alex, have you ever done DMT? No. Do you want to? I don't need to do it every night. I go to sleep. I believe that he's on it's like he's on natural DMT Oh, definitely on something man. For sure. I got a question for you.

You know how this is, this is kind of off the cuff a little bit off, track off the beaten path. But you know how the CIA has always been involved in Hollywood and making movies and you know, like Zero Dark 30 And, you know, all these movies that are clearly propaganda movies, you know, most like even movies, you think they weren't propaganda, but they are they're, like, the superhero movies, how they're just all the plots and the evil Oh, they're gonna build a bomb. And all that is, is they're whistleblowers within Hollywood that are making movies just like like in Brazil, it was martial arts were outlawed. So the people, the people that were about the truth, they were like doing dance, but they were disguising them.

Is there filming? Are there filmmakers like that out there that are trying to help humanity with the basis of their films? Or is it all perfect? It was like anything else? There's good people and bad people. I don't think Hollywood overall is bad. Which Which movies are the good ones? Because I watch I might get Star Wars. I'm like, is this the bad one? That's propaganda.

The Meryl Streep movies are good ones. The good ones Meryl Streep. Which ones are the ones I should go to Nero Talladega Nights?

Right? No, no way. What about like when hangover one comes out? Let me tell you that's

because I

didn't like hangover. Go ahead. I'm CIA is only the name of like one part of the shadow government, which is all like the intellectuals of America. So those people were on Trump's side now. Yeah. And that's the first time ever?

Well, the CIA has never been perfect at it. So they must have been with Bush. Right? Because Bush used to be the presidency. I was senior. Yeah. George Herbert Walker. Yeah. So he was head of the CIA. And here's the deal, right? The CIA was set up supposedly to defend the Republic and do all this stuff. It got hijacked by multinational interests. It's been retaken, and they're cleaning the CIA out right now. Are you serious? That's fucking breaking. Goddamn news. That shit up on Infowars. The CEO is cleaning house. Oh my god. That's Are you kidding me? Why isn't that the headline news on Infowars right now, you know that.

The Rock t shirt. A lot of folks did really, really crazy things for the CIA. That's history. The CIA does like half of fighting. And they were all pissed off. And they were portrayed by infiltrators inside of the CIA and really bad stuff that went on. But right now, there is a counterfeit within the CIA, cleaning them up. While they're definitely trying, Jesus Christ jail. I like what I'm hearing. Well, we'll see what happens. But are you are you happy about the features be ready.

If succeeds, within three years, you're gonna hear major cancer cures announced? You're gonna hear energy systems announced, you're gonna hear a new companies announced they've suppressed all this stuff. And Trump was good. People want to empower humanity. They believe in the species in the planet, and big steps. Oh, god damn crazy would be if Trump became a hero. He is a hero. But do you know how crazy would be if the country accepted them? If they figure this out? After if this is all true? This all comes true, exactly. As you're saying, which I really have no idea if you're right, and you know what you could play right now. How about that Bill Clinton clip that you played, where he's talking about vetting immigrants, like more hardcore than tribes?

Have you got that everybody? How do you pull that? How did Clinton and Bill Clinton and Hillary promote wall and the walls and I don't I have disagree with him on the wall, because he will do it later on?

Over its metaphysical. It's like, we're a country we're allowed to have as Mexico has one. Canada has one cat, why can't we? The big thing is just deport people that are on welfare. We need people from Mexico and Russia and Japan and just the poor people that are on welfare to only deport the poorest ones. The ones we can't say, If you won't do anything, and you're come here yeah, we'll call out Okay, so when they come over here, you're saying give them a chance. But then once if they try to stay on welfare there was more should or not sounds good.

Listen, this is a 1995. Only in the states most heavily affected but in every place in this country are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. The jobs they hold might otherwise be held by citizens or legal immigrants. The public service they use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why our administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards by deporting twice as many criminal aliens as ever before, by cracking down on illegal hiring. By barring welfare benefits to illegal aliens.

I will present to you we will try to do more to speed the deportation of illegal aliens who are arrested for crimes to better identify illegal aliens in the workplace, as recommended by the commission headed by former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of immigrants. But we are also a nation of laws. It is wrong and ultimately self defeating, for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years and we must do more to stop it. If that doesn't vindicate fucking Trump on all that fence show, but it also makes you realize bad motherfucker Bill Clinton was his Trump can make a speech like that

was a good

speech

you're out there marching bar.

Wall if you're some chick out there marching talking about the wall and you just heard that that was realized realize I'm giving you a chance. Admit you were pumped. It's okay. Everybody gets powerful power punch but from this point on, shut the fuck up about it. Well, power that's not No Okay. Let's that's it. Are you kidding?

Time take one.

If I give you full power, okay.

I think we've hit we have

it's five. We're gonna wrap this up. We got it. We did a good job. We put together one more question. Go ahead. One more. I, you know me I'm fucking fascinated with conspiracy theories just like you every night. Dudes are watching fights and boxing. I'm listening to conspiracy theories. Every fucking night when I go to bed. I listen to Alex Jones every day, every day. The one thing that gets that I don't get, I get the establishment. I get the Illuminati. I get all that shit. But then there's Ronald Reagan. Every now and then you have Dr. Steve pathetic on your show. And he's talking about some serious conspiracy theories. All this shit is confirming everything. He's deep in the CIA confirming it. But then when they talk about Ronald Reagan, they talk about like, he was the last great President. And I thought that actor that was an FBI informant, Isn't he so goddamn establishment? Ronald Reagan. I don't get that explain Ronald Reagan. I mean, George Sr. was the Vice President, Director of the CIA. He just seems like a joke on this off, but this is once in line. Okay. Explain. If you want to end the transmission. Explain Ronald Reagan. Go ahead. He was just joking around punching earlier. No, no, it's okay. But his question is the question.

He wants to know about Ronald Reagan.

I could trust tell me the movies. Okay. Ronald Reagan. Were not in some blood vessels Reagan, but after all the Obama globalization, it's like an intelligent good thing. Reagan ran against George Herbert Walker Bush said he was global as CFR world government, then they told him at the convention, okay, you won. But we're going to not let you have a nomination if you don't put a herbert walker bush. Yeah. Then a year in the shooting. They just released that guy. And so all this stuff went on shit. I didn't. So Reagan didn't get his agenda through. And they tagged on Iran, Contra, all this other stuff. Reagan actually wanted to get rid of the IRS, and a bunch of good stuff. So ya know, he's an anti communist. He was running against George Bush, he beat him and then when he got the presidential nomination for the Republican Party, they made him they forced him to take the true story for still, I think, I think Ronald Reagan, and I wanted to believe in Obama, but he's a total globalist in this new tax things crazy. What do you think of that? It's pretty radical. Joe got mad at us trading punches.

Give

Trump on Trump. Give me a shout me out. People. There's people out there that think Trump is racist, and they think he's a sexist, and a whoremonger

whoremonger thank you so much.

Texas

Okay, well, good for him. A lot of people do. Okay, so you think he's good guy. I know Trump's a good guy. He, what he's done is he's delivered like no president ever. Alright, everybody wants to everybody wants to find some reason to hate him and some reason to figure out a way to get him out of office. But shouldn't we at this point? I mean, he won their game, right? There's a popularity contest, he won the popularity contest. And that's really what being President is, yeah, figuring out a way to get the most amount of people to say I like you better. I mean, it's really what it is. And he's the first truly popular person who's really good at manipulating the media to win the popularity contest. Everybody before him, had just been a politician. He's the first guy that's actually famous that then became 2.0. It's never happened.

Three and a half hours Ronald Reagan was for 330 wasn't why was it?

California, it's five o'clock.

That's only two and a half hours. Yeah. But the point being that he's, he wasn't that famous, right? Like Donald Trump. I don't think he was famously he was a movie star Ronald Reagan. Are you? True, but I don't think he was a big movie star. I think he was like Christian Slater. She probably doesn't trump wasn't a movie star. No offense, Christian Slater. I loved you and blade. Hey, he's in

jail. He was in Blade, right. Blade and blade jump? No. Stephen Dorff was well, it was. It was Ronald Reagan.

Did he get his arm ready to end this right now. But I'm telling you, once in a lifetime interview, we haven't got the real questions. We're like,

No, we're not during this five, three and a half hours. When we go live.

3130 will live 130 We're sitting the chair before when he's on Austin time. She's got the clock right next to you see, it's five o'clock. Yeah, fine.

All I know is none of your listeners really told you the real truth, okay, of what I've researched, you shouldn't believe MSM, their total corporate whores they didn't think is going to happen. How do you think this is going to play out now that you think this sort of silent, bloodless coup is taking place? And this guy has gotten through this net that had been set there to make sure that no one other than the people that were already inside the system could ever run it? So he got through? He's, he's running it. Now. Why do you think it's credible? Once in a Lifetime situation? Trump isn't perfect. He really wants to empower humanity. All of us have to work hard. Be involved, hear our views, put on our ideas and just move forward with airplane to try to assassinate Trump. You think so? Oh, god, they're demonizing him saying killing him. Oh, you mean assassinating for real? Or do you mean assassinate him like public base, like politically as they want to politically destroy his name.

And they want to politically also try to kill him? All I know is

America had half the wealth in the world 20 years ago, and 5% of the world population.

We've lost half that wealth. And it's that as we get more powerful, they get more powerful. And the elite have been trying to domesticate America. Not that we're perfect. But we've got ideas of industry and ideas, and doing things that change everything. And so the real leaders planet want to kill competition. They want to consolidate control. They want to end the internet of governments. That's America. They were about if Hillary would have won, they would have censored the Oh, yeah. How are they?

putting the pieces together, they were about to do it. Okay, Tom. The headline is Obama established his ministry of truth. Three weeks before Trump takes office one week after Trump's election. So Ministry of Truth being something that stops fake news. News that government doesn't agree with, right? So the problem becomes how do we decide what's fake?

Let's go back please go backwards. Obama quietly signs the countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act into law. Wow. late on Friday, with the US population embracing the upcoming holidays and oblivious of most news emerging from the administration, Obama quietly signed into law the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act, which authorizes $611 billion for the military in 2017. And the statement Obama said, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Where's it saying?

Over the governor's Board of Governors the FCC federalize the media meaning federalized television shows every yo transmissions, your summation all galaxies, your website, my website, everybody's website. What do you guys what are you doing? It says Obama last minute bills, like all that shit he signed. Last Days, read it out, sit, read down a little lower. It says in the bill, we're going to federalize commute and put it back out who's gonna find it, and we're gonna federalize communications, and put the CIA or with the Board of Governors of the Federal Communications. That sounds so crazy. Did you

wouldn't have been certainly would have been subjected to that shit they could easily.

You can't talk about that normally, of course Hillary would have won. That would have happened, dude. This close See, I wonder if people would have ever went for that. That seems let me show it Trump does. He is like up till two in the morning. Everybody knows tweeting, tweet scale, watches video clips, he gets on here and I know he's a conspiracy theorist

he's Yeah, I'm not saying Trump's perfect. I'm gonna keep Trump honest. If he has anything I'm gonna come out against him. The point is, is that he's a different kind of thing you can open rogue element 911 Is he going to do anything about this already expose the fact that elements of the government work with Saudi Arabia to launch the September a lot of attacks 16 years ago we're gonna reopen that shit. He said he Well, you think that? Imagine that? Imagine the Rio match of 911. Imagine about the Alien Bases on the moon please, Tom to release that information. But the Alien Bases question What does he know about geoengineering? Right? What does he know about aliens? Not not about aliens? Fuck no, no, no, no, no.

Chemtrails you don't say fuck aliens. Okay. All right, let's do

Donald Trump back. I'm back on Donald Trump call. I'm so bored lately. I'm pulling on Aliens. And hello. Back on alien Bigfoot.

Aliens 10 years ago. Sure I'm doing

Go ahead, sir. Ring, ring. Ring, ring ring. Here we go. Hi, Alex. Oh, Mr. President. What's going on? Well, moving the agenda forward to cut taxes what you think? Well, I don't know about those secret space spaces. Wow. It's you got to come to Trump Tower for those meetings.

I'll come to Trump Tower. I want to open aliens. Hey, ask Trump. If he wants to learn some jujitsu?

half off fly to New York. He was drunk. I want to see the bodies alien bodies. We go to Trump on the show hangar 18. Alex, you mentioned Trump on the show. That would be huge for him. Probably not a good idea. For anybody? No.

If you want

to say us, Joe, I don't care if you're too cool. We're gonna eat after this. Well, I we have to get the fuck out of here. For sure. Let's talk about whether or not we're going to eat or anything else. But it's already five o'clock. So we're at three and a half hours in. Is there anything more that you have to say before we get on here? Let me get another question. Is it No, no. Eddie, I want to ask Alex. No. I mean, literally, I really seek the truth to try and tell the truth. infowars.com has our articles or research or videos or podcasts what we do, and I'm not left or right. I'm not liberal or conservative. I'm really trying to find out what's going on in the world. And so after all these years, Joe, this has been a I love

the lies really good questions. You kind of knew all this I was gonna bring up. So let us get you just keep creating you just get crazy. You want to keep going and keep going and keep going keep going. But I think sometimes you gotta go Okay. Hold that thought. Expand. Explain because a lot of times things that we'll hold on a second at things that are in your head self explanatory. You already know about it. There's a giant percentage of the people that are listening to this have no idea what you're talking about. I get it. I want to say this. For the Joe Rogan listeners have an open mind. You heard him for three and a half hours. download that app that Infowars app started listening to him Eddie, why don't you do your show on Infowars that's the move to Eddie Bravo radio comes back on Infowars

I would do that

Rogan sampler J. But listen, but listen. Okay, but oh boy, listen.

I'm gonna say all I want people give him a chance. He doesn't know shit about space. But when it comes to politics, you don't want to base Yeah, when it comes to politics. He's He's a fucking master.

He's like,

he's like Hello, Tracy. And that's a compliment space. He's Joe roll

up. Jamie pulls up with

everything countering foreign propaganda and disinformation act of 2016. The bill expresses the sense of this bill expresses the sense of Congress that What a weird expression okay, what are we looking at? This is that bill that anti propaganda bill. foreign governments, including the government of the Russian Federation in China use different disinformation other propaganda tools to undermine the national security objectives of the United States and key allies and partners US government should develop a comprehensive strategy to counter foreign Disinformation and Propaganda and assert leadership and developing a fact base strategic narrative and an important element of this strategy should be to help promote an independent press. And countries that are vulnerable to foreign disinformation, translate that MSM is on the ropes are panicking. They'll want to shut down their competition. One American watching this or listening doesn't think they should decide what they should listen to or not. Do you think that would be ever accepted that they would allow people someone that works in the government

went to censor websites and podcasts almost signed. It's already happened. But this isn't China go

do this, they signed a bill to dry it.

Oh, crazy. Notice how I tell you look at that sambil one of the things about podcasts is that they're back basically just a pure conversation. It's just people sitting down and talking. And if you if you stop pure conversations, I mean, that is like one of the most heinous forms. It's too late. You can't stop. They could try. You could try trying. But if they

really did get into office, and they really did try to implement

it.

I almost wish Hillary would have won, because I could have been outside the power. And I keep Trump on list. I mean, I attack Trump does something wrong. It's hard to find, but he makes some mistakes like torture, iPhone codes or whatever. So torture you think is just it doesn't work. It's not work. It makes us look terrible to foreign country lowers us in our level. Yeah, exactly. But Trump came out against torture two days ago and said, okay, so he changed his mind. He's good on stuff like that. That's very waking up. And when you wake up, you change your mind. So independently wealthy, that's one of them.

That's probably a huge factor in this, Scott. I mean, he's not part of the Obama, Hillary metal. That's what I'm saying is that there's no calculation, I just treat you like I want to be treated. Big stuff is happening. So very excited. Let me ask you this before we before we wrap this up, you know, if Trump is this new stage of politics, or a new type of politician, what kind of person do you think would be like literally the perfect person to run this country? And what would the perfect person do Ron Paul? Yeah, Ron Paul's great, but I think it's somebody who's worked hard in private business, who really has a sense of success. Who loves America,

who has been through the gauntlet of demonization attacks and dealt with it. Yeah, because Donald Trump. I mean, you look at what he's been through man who's been through this, it could have been a winner over and I'm not in some cults, Donald Trump. I think I want to hate him. I want to not believe he's so good. But man, when he calls up and he like, read your mind, and knows what you were just thinking about, you're like, Man, this guy is like God of the devil. This tax thing is very fascinating. It's gonna be very interesting. So

it seemed to me, the mainstream,

billionaires are gonna put it to me every time I turn on my iPhone, you know, when I didn't ask for fucking Fox news bulletin board. They force feed me every morning CNN, so Joe Rogan experience or Infowars that's why you gotta see, because Joe's real, I'm real. You're real. Whether we're perfect or not, no matter we want to be real. Everyone should human human intelligence support this podcast and Infowars and the Joe Rogan experience and make this dominant, which it already is just to say listen, bitches you may force feed Eddie Bravo, about to CNN Fox News shit every morning, but you're fucking getting the Joe Rogan experience up your fucking ass. Holy shit Christ.

Every time I turn on my phone and look at what is CNN trying to fucking force feed? Yeah. When does the iPhone force feed you the possessed demonic type Jesus.

Cooper anti Trump does every day. I'm on the show.

I try anti

Trump but super nice guy seems like a nice guy.

He worked there like in college right now beyond that. Beyond that, he admitted it. He's part of the like, whip CIA.

Real? Wait a minute CIA as a whip division. If you're the Astor family like he is Yeah. Or the Vanderbilt, Vanderbilt John Jacob. Mr. Meyer Smith. His name is my name to give you all right, folks. That's a wrap. Now it's not no. To make fun of me at the very end. We're talking about Transcendental transcending information air Joe. I think sometimes we're talking about infowars.com and Joe Rogan experience and Eddie Bravo.

A

rock and roll conspiracy theory. Is your network. If not, he believes the CIA.

Shit. How does this go as well as you thought beyond better? Better? This was fun. We enjoyed his awesome I enjoyed it.

What? What did you think your 911 Oh, so I thought it'd be exactly like, this is as good as I could have hoped. We had a good time. We had a lot of laughs We talked about some real shit. We brought up some news articles that confirm a lot of crazy things that you're saying that makes you like all those new arrests or new rest about pedophiles and sex slaves like holy shit, if that's real, what story was what news source was that story that was contaminated? Was Right. And how many different is it like all over the place on the internet and a bunch of different news sources going out? What about the sex slaves and being released?

dissociated children. Yeah, yeah. So what I'm saying is true story. I'm sitting here thinking Trump is a major force, global force right now Trump, and he talks to Alex Jones. Alex Jones talks to Joe Rogan. And I'm here because of Joe Rogan I'm holding god damn shit. We got some kind of lightning bolt going through the world right now with Sure. But it's not like Joe's like, it's like all of us together. We're all there. It had to be like this for it to be like this every every day before today. Well, however it went down had to be like this for us for this to happen. Well, I wanted to be better than eight years before I come back. And Joe next me Ross, you gotta come and shoot ago, we had to interview that story that foreign and 74 stories. Russell was laying many many many major news sites. It's crazy. It's real. This is a galactic thing going down right now man. Well, dude, some interesting things are happening to people and it's happening at an accelerated rate and we're all part of it. Everybody listening to this everybody talking to their friends, everybody. Everybody reading the internet, everybody watching documentaries, everybody reading books, everybody understanding that we know more about how things work today than we ever have before. And it's weirder than we ever thought. And And isn't this discovery incredible? The crazy thing is, is when people aren't, you're just not asleep and then awake. You're asleep. And then you're partially awake. You know about oh, you discover you you saw Zeitgeist for the first time. Oh, you're partially awake. You don't know about all this other stuff. So when you hear about all the other stuff, you still got that mentality where like, That's bullshit. That's bullshit. People are partially awake. Not Not everybody. Bullshit, though. Yeah, the problem is a lot of wacky conspiracies out there.

Monster Dinosaurs aren't real. They believe is a shark they believe it's a Greenland shark. Sharks.

They think it's a shark that's like a millions millions of years old and got into that water back when it's connected to the ocean. Because it's an ancient creature and they used to think they're extinct, but now they don't need more they found some. So they think the Loch Ness monster that makes sense or like a 25 foot like about where you get your information from? No, no, no, no. Like a scientist like like, what did you get the information from? You guys can't talk. But that's what it comes down. I'm hardly talking. I know. But he's talking to talk when you're talking about Greenland sharks. Know?

The show? Yes. Eddie Bravo back. No, no, no, no, I'm gonna fuck you up. And my left hand is my strongest.

Because everybody has a beautiful

thanks for listening in. Thanks for tuning in to Episode 911 Bravo, Alex Jones and Joe Rogan's signing off. All right, Joe. We are doing against

This is Info Wars, right? So you got some info warriors on both sides. You and you fought for us. You've been fighting this battle for a long time, Alex, and we just got to salute you as a Christian and as American because you paved the way to make braver soldiers like us today. It's like Terminator part 10 happening right now.

Free shipping is back at Infowars store.com. Free shipping is back at Infowars store.com on orders of $50 or more, and the other orders. You've seen the prices on that slash as well check out Infowars store.com today.

Infowars the most banned network in the world. It's Thursday December 1 2022. I'm your host Alex Jones and in studio yay is our guest he sent me here it says the next three hours or so. And also America first leader and that is Nick point as Ali Alexander Owen Shroyer, and many others are always going to be coming through here today. And yay, has arrived in a new ensemble here with us. But I'll assure you it is Yeah. Yay. Thank you so much for coming to Austin. Thank you. Thanks for having me. Well, where would you like to start? This first little five minute segment is just kind of a prelude to what's coming up. What do you want to cover here today?

This God runs the world and Jesus is the way and the life. And it's time to put Jesus first. And the way that we run our businesses, the way we the way we run our families, our businesses and the way we run our country.

Your radio listeners are on over 400 radio stations, they can't see you right now. Your This is a new look for you. And I've been wearing a mask for a while. Ah, yeah, this is an archetypal example of the mask is off by putting the mask on.

People could take it, how they how they want to take it. It's just, you know, it's interesting. If you look at a Michael Jordan or something, you would load up all these pitches, and he's smiling, and he's holding a basketball. He's jumper from the free throw line. And then you look at

Phil Knight, and you barely could see a picture of him and he's got his face covered. So I don't have to show my face. It's me.

That's my that's my right. Absolutely. Well, that's that's.

That's what Hollywood wants to do, though, is to control everybody's images. Exactly. So I'm in control of my image. Now. It's no longer the people that froze my account is no longer the people that threatened me. We've got past the threats. They tried to throw me in jail for the truth. And, you know, people believe me. And people see that I wasn't crazy on what I was talking about. And they tried to write it off, and they keep trying to write it off. But the truth is, the more and more I'm faithful to Christ, the more and more he's going to keep on unlocking the blessings. You know, he set it on my heart to build communities to build farms, to build schools to build the choir. And but when you do that, you have to be really obedient. Hey, guys, could you not talk in the back? I'm like really hypersensitive to sound if you guys want to talk to us going out the room, please.

But we have to be really obedient. You know, like, one of the big topics right now is all of the pedophilia advertisement. And my take on that is, you know, there's, there's one place in the Bible where it says God sees sin differently. And there's another place where it says,

yeah, let me get out my phone, I can like, really pull up the exact thing it says in the Bible, the general gist and we'll get back to it after the five minute break is that you have to

stay strict to everything and remove as much sand as possible in order to serve God. And when people look at pornography, when a when a grown man is looking at a grown woman have sex on camera, you're still looking at someone's daughter, and you're looking at a lot of times someone that is the product of pedophilia.

So people will engage in going to strip clubs or looking at pornography. But then they the moral compass is like, Oh my God, look at the pedophiles. But in a way, anybody who looks at pornography is a form of of a pedophile. Also, let's let's bank it all in. It's very simple. We're not going to be talking about all this moral code and these standards right here is either Christ said so or

Christ said no. Yeah, powerful information. I totally agree with you back in 60 seconds. If you want over 400 radio stations, Nick pointed at the studio. Everybody thought about it, you know, tune in now infowars.com forward slash show. Let's break the internet today. Stay with us. Well make no mistake this Thursday, December 1 2022. Broadcast is beyond the Twilight Zone. Because truth is stranger than fiction. Yay. Maybe more controversial than Alex Jones or Donald Trump now. I mean, there's about the most controversial people in the world. And obviously the most attack to demonize he's here Nick Fuentes is here as well America First we're gonna have Ali Alexander on Owen Shroyer, this thing's gonna go for the next three plus hours as long as as long as J wants to go, some stages don't carry the first five. But you just dropped some bombs that I totally agree that are huge. Yay. So recap that to continue on, sir. Okay, so I looked this up. It's about sin. That's what we're going to talk about sin today. And how we need to do everything that we can. We're imperfect, but to fleet to free ourselves of sin and repent for sin throughout the day, at night, and in the morning. So right here, the Bible says right here, I'm gonna do Corinthians two like Trump, you know, new new Christian kind of reading of this. So bear with me, I love Jesus. But I'm not the most, you know, experienced Christian. And it says the book of Proverbs

616 Dash 90 And I'm sure that's the wrong way to read it. It's okay, you got the floor. Okay, identify seven things that God hates. Although there are not any punishments prescribed for those Scripture clearly indicates that God does view sin differently. And that he prescribed he prescribed. He proscribed a different punishment for sin, depending upon its severity. Now watch this one. It says where the, the phrase all sins are equal, in the eyes of God comes from, as far as I can tell, the most common argument for the belief that all sins are created equal comes from the book of James to 10. It states for whoever keeps the whole law and get stumbles at just one point is guilty of breaking all of it. Now, I'm a big fan of Steve Jobs, even though he did create apple. And if you notice, the logo of Apple is actually the fall of man, the forbidden fruit, the bitten apple, right? So we can get into, you know, what, what social media has done to families and all that we got three hours, right. But I liked the way our our incredible American inventors like Disney and Hughes and Steve Jobs, the way they ran their companies and invented things that changed the world. And the way Steve ran his company was his version of a sinless office, every one had to be so meticulous, to be able to take what was 10 things at one time and make it and put it in the palm of our hand. Think about an iPhone. It's your fax, it's your email. It's your phone. Now it's 1000 things. Yeah, it's your camera. It's your, your flashlight. Yeah, it's like 1000 things in it. But he had to have his army, go in with a sinless approach. And right now, you know, Gideon call God called Gideon, to make an army, the 300, the real 300 Not the movie version, that we're all focused on serving this mission at the time. So we have a mission right now, to save our families from social media from Zionist control, and bring Jesus Christ back to the forefront. And we're protected. You know, I don't have security, my security is the angels. My security is the fact that I didn't load up pornography last night. And I said, this addiction is gonna have to flee from me. You know, this addiction since I was five years old, that is destroyed. My mom and my dad's family that destroyed my family. Like, when I take full accountability for the destruction like of my marriage, when I when I'll point at the liberals and say, You took my wife from me, you know, what took my wife for me the fact that I was married to this beautiful person. But I felt like it wasn't enough. I felt like I still needed to look at pornography in some way. I'd say to her, we'll stop making these images stop breaking the internet. You know, that original term comes from my ex wife actually having a nude photo that I didn't know about that someone use her and put her on a magazine. But there's somewhere where she's like, well, if my husband is looking at this, I still want to be like the girls that are doing this and this becomes people reliving the traumas, pushing the addiction. the pornography industry is not even a big industry. It's like less than $10 billion, right? So that means that it's not used for prosperity. It's used for disparity. It's finally GA.

Well wrote 1984 And he'd been the number two guy and psyops for OSs and ran propaganda for the British government. But he found out that he didn't like Hitler. But he found out that they were actually manipulated and credited him. He didn't like to communist. He'd been one of them, he found out the British intelligence had had actually created that and done that. And he explained in it for that pornography has something to destroy families, destroying our souls and get us to commit. He wasn't going to be Christian. But but but get us to debase ourselves so that they can control us. Absolutely. You got alcohol and pornography? Are these legal drugs. Alcohol is a spirit, I'm going to, we're going to go into the spirit of alcohol lay. Well, let's just go to the facts. today. Let's not just even do opinions. And I love how you brought that down, because now you got God's warriors coming together right now. Okay. Nick Fuentes doesn't have a Twitter account. Alex Jones doesn't have a Twitter account. But hey, guess what, Elon, I got a Twitter. And today, I'm gonna have Nick and Alex. Tweet from my account, you like that ARIA manuelle.

I'm all about free speech. And the greatest threat is those that want to silence. This is why comes first amendment. Anybody trying to take your speech is the enemy? Oh, absolutely. Well, and it's,

I do find it a little bit hypocritical that Elon Musk said that he was purchasing Twitter to create a free speech environment. He says that free speech is the thing that's going to save the West and our civilization. But yet he has taken exception to you, Alex for some seemingly specific reason, maybe personal to him, but definitely not principled. So I think it's time that the people finally demand a real victory here. We've been at war essentially, since Trump came down the golden escalator seven years ago, to put America first to put Christ first to free the internet, and do these kinds of things. And here we are all this time later. And it seems like we've stagnated or in some ways, maybe even taken a step back. So it's time that people demand, we want Christ first, we want America first. We want Alex Jones back on Twitter. These are just unreasonable demands, I see it like this, and I'm gonna be able to elaborate on this, but I don't want you to get his run, because he's got so much to say. And he always gets cut off, but I'm gonna try to shove as much but he we can go for five hours. We want to make shows, actually, four hours long. I was just hoping for three, well, we'll do four hours, if you guys are up for it. But here's what I'm saying.

I am a classical liberal at hearts. I love everybody. And I judge people by what they do not employ they are. And then I look at the things you said and some of them out of context I don't agree with but compared to a liberal, a modern liberal saying white people are inherently evil, and white people are bad because their skin color. And then that's what the ADL and Southern Poverty Law Center. And these leftist groups in Hollywood have pushed. So they're putting out something beyond what Hitler said, but reversing it onto white people and we're supposed to sit there and accept it. And then he comes out and says, Hey, you know, I see kind of a mafia running thanks. And he's the devil. No, that's bullshit. Sorry.

I we're gonna curse a little bit less on this. Yes, reverend. I'm gonna try. I'll stop. And the reason I want it, Nick, people have heard from Nick. But he people haven't heard from Nick. With yay, standing right next to him. You know, it's like, that's the thing that the Zionist control the 300

and control of the media and control of the government, they don't want us to connect to each other. Like my dad said, Okay. They say you're anti semitic, but they say he's a white supremacist. And he's asking me, well, what's the difference? I said that there is no difference. It's just separation and confusion. They want to separate and confuse the Christians and make us afraid to stand next to each other. A Christian can stand next to anyone we can go visit our Kelly in prison, we can go talk to Harvey Weinstein. That's what Jesus did. Yes, because Jesus can save everyone. And but if the Zionist can get us so afraid that they're gonna do what they've been doing to me attempting to put me in jail, freeze my accounts, smear me on the media, you know, all of these things, you know, you put on the whole armor of God, and they will not be able to break your spirit they have, by the way, we can do three hours on the subject, and you do five hours on it. And let's just get it all going now because I want to get into everything about your plans to bring jobs to America, unifying people running for president, all those other issues. So I'm not steering us away from that. I'm just saying let's just run with it. As far as you guys want to go. And then I want to get into all the other topics and surroundings. Oh, beautiful. So where do you want to start? Well, I mean, I would just start with this. There are good people from every group and every type of culture we all know that but definitely the left. When it was American defeated Hitler calls their opposition Hitler when both my grandfather's almost died in the Army Air Corps. Both of them almost died. One of them crashed landed at your mission and

Not all broke up. The other one got hit the German air raid in North Africa. And he'd only done like a team has missions. And then he'd had a concussion and he was the captain. And then his buddies went the next day and blew up over Italy. He was always freaked out. But I never really talked about to like die. But we die. We read the letters and all the awards, he had stuff and the things he did after that, and then you'll reappear and recommitting to the Army Air Corps. So I take it as an offense to have George Soros and people that actually work for Hitler. rounding up people tell me I'm a Nazi, when I almost don't exist when my grandfather is one over there. So So I got a lot to say about this as well. It's just it's just nuanced with the whole thing that's going on. But expanding on that. Yeah, give us because I want you to go wherever you want. So just, let's just have you talk for 1015 minutes more before me and me. And we got a lot here from points as needs to be heard. But we want to hear from you. Go ahead. Well, I said with Ali Alexander and Nick for winter says that we're like the SWAT team of free thought, and I go on with this battle ram at the door. And then they come in with these laser beams and have that information. And we work together as a team. A lot of times in media, they want to single out one person and burn up to the core. That is the Zionist approach. And they're asking me to use that same approach. Well, hey, don't say all people just say specifically the businessman. And then I go on Lex Freeman. And I say who it's specifically and that's still not enough. They're still taking it too far. Everyone knows and agrees now that it's like a reverse version of American History X the scene when they put the guy's head against the curve and kick the back of it. And now people are like, wait a second the the so called crime doesn't deserve the punishment. What did I thought let's right you're not Hitler. You're not a Nazi. You don't deserve to be called that and demonized? Well,

I, I see, I see good things about Hitler. Also, the Jew, I love everyone and Jewish people are not going to tell me. You can love.

You know us, and you can love what we're doing to you with the contracts. And you can love what we're, you know what we're pushing with the pornography. But this guy that invented highways invented the very microphone that I use as a musician. You can't say out loud that this person ever did anything good. And I'm done with that. I'm done with the classifications. Every human being has something of value that they brought to the table, especially Hitler. How about that one? Aria manual? How you like that one? Hey, Ron, you're gonna do anything to fix Chicago?

Well, I am worried about the 1000s of black folks on a mother's Chicago but but let me explain because that's a nuanced issue. You know, my, my, my grandfather grew up in Dallas, and from a pretty wealthy family. Also, Hitler was born Christian.

I've actually studied some of the history on it, but but it's very interesting. My grandfather, you know, grew up and actually some of your family spoke some German. There's a lot of Germans in Texas. But did you know that he grew up next door to the inventor of air conditioning, and the inventor of the major vintage refrigeration. And so my issue was growing up, my grandfather told me the stories about some of the inside baseball, and the things that went on. And but later, I'm gonna get into that I'm gonna tell you some stuff about Hitler, that you might not know directly that happened to my people I knew, I'd love to hear everything because guess what we don't get to hear. It's hidden. Even like our truth, the fact that African Americans were in America before the pilgrims, that truth is hidden, that we are actually the Native Americans are some of us are native, or the fact that we carry gun trouble is pointing out that we're Jewish slave boats, like, and then you look at Australia, they've done some genetic typing of the Aborigines there, they're basically Africans. There you go, you know, to all of these truths. And then the current truths about banking about the government. My favorite thing that I got to say with Tim Poole was Rahm Emanuel was right there. Next Obama, Jared Kushner was right there next to Trump. What are those two people, those two Zionists? I gave it away have in common? Nick, can you pick that up and expound on that? Absolutely. Yeah, you know, and it's interesting, because you've been going on these interviews with Lex Friedman, and with Tim Poole and Piers Morgan. And they always say, Well, don't talk about a group talk about the individuals. And I'm gonna point out one, it's hypocritical because in the same interview, Tim Poole said, well, wouldn't you be so great for the black vote? You can say the black vote, we talk about Jewish businessman. And somehow that's a problem. You can't talk about groups when it's one but not the other. The other thing is that there is something baked into the cake in Judaism, which affects how they're brokering these kinds of contracts with entertainers, like yeah, if you look at the Talmud, which is a real Jewish holy book, or part of the holy book, there's the written

Torah which is the Hebrew Bible, there's the Oral Torah, which was written down as the mission up. And then interpreted in the Talmud. And the Talmud. It says that Jews have to treat Gentiles differently than they treat other Jews. There's all kinds of examples of this. They say that if you accidentally if a Jew indirectly kills a Gentile there's nothing even wrong with that there's nothing morally wrong with that. They say that for a Jew to have sex with a Gentile is comparable to beastie ality. They say that the semen of a Gentile is like that of horses. They also say that you can't give a gift to a Gentile a Jew is not permitted under the Talmud to give a gift to a Gentile. They're not permitted to charge each other interest, but they're encouraged to charge Gentiles interest do they say about pedophilia? They say that that's in some cases listen. Well, here's a you telling me in their holy book, it says it's okay to be pedophiles. As long as it's not another Jewish person. That's something that came from Adam, I'm not 100% Sure. Well, let me just get this let me just get this out front. I believe in free speech. And and I That's why I want you to be here be able to say whatever you want. I'm quite a historian from a modern multifaceted views show at a certain point, I'm gonna give my nuanced views of this. Because there are power structures, there are mafias, and there are cliques. And there are groups, and there is certainly leftists Jews that call everybody Nazis, they don't agree with you. You don't want open borders, you don't want your guns taken or you don't wanna take a shot. The ADL had a meeting last two weeks ago and said, Alex Jones is an agent of evil. He's been taken off the air, he's the devil, because he doesn't want you to take four shots. And I'm like, What are you doing calling me anti semitic? I'm not against groups. I don't get into group politics. I've got I Sorry, sorry. Sorry. I didn't mean to say that.

Alex, yes, sir. I've got the perfect answer for the ADL. They are gonna have to listen up. What we did is we brought Netanyahu with us

I'm in the twilight zone right now.

Netanyahu? What do you have to say? What do you have to say to Alex Jones right now Nick Fuentes. And yay.

It was bad. It was bad for me

I had no idea your voice is gonna sound like that. And then Yahoo.

So you don't like Benjamin yet? Yeah.

I just I just heard about this guy two weeks ago. So it's like the tweet and I thought he had a funny name. I heard he's like really into like it. He's like a super killer. I could die for saying this. So

the last time you hear from me look like I'm glad you guys are here. And we can we can we can sit here and upset. All I'm telling you is you guys realize that the British government created Hitler and the Milner group put him in power. And there's something much more sophisticated and I personally

think that most Jews are great people and I understand there's a Jewish mafia and and there there used to demonize anybody that promotes freedom, but I don't blame Jews in general for that, and there is a much larger eugenics transhumanist scientific elite agenda that's playing off. Abortion it's 50% of black deaths is over 50 I one of the papers I had your like Lysol and you're the director at edge barn. The

Margaret Sanger Rockefeller founded Planned Parenthood came out today and said, Because of your white guilt, white people need to give money so we can kill black babies. I swear to God, it's in my stack. If you had moved it off the desk, I can pull it right up for you. Why did I have you move it off the desk? Alex, if this is cluttered, I'm not bitching. I'm just sitting here by ask where's my papers? I don't have they're just a prop. I can literally go look I agree with you. Look at this. They say white people help us kill Black people for your white guilt. It actually says that. Now this is I'm agreeing with you. Is it a problem of props? We can. This is the voice of

your mob. You get your mob? I actually I'm gonna find the tweet here. Because I want to show you this this is a big guys. I sent it to you this morning. It was it was in the tweets. He pull it up. It's official Twitter of the Eugenics death cold talk about Nazis. I mean, we're gonna have Netanyahu step out for a second. Okay, Alex, are you gonna go

to another meeting? And

you're not only an artist, you're a comedian. But But Nick, that's what I'm getting at here is is that

is is is that it was a it doesn't matter. I just

there's there's fluoride in the water killing us all. They're injecting us with GMO. Oh, here's the question and I'm not I'm not an apologist for Israel. I'm trying to be balanced here. And I believe in first amendment I believe in free speech. I believe Dorsey said whatever you want, Israel has other than other than like Singapore and a few places the most draconian him

RNA injections in the world they have the highest death rate from the shots. They are literally forcibly injecting them like Josef Mengele, and Jews are dying in mass in Israel. So if the Jews are the secret group that runs it all, and I'm not denying that, you know, Jews run Hollywood what I'm saying is the Zionist if I'm okay, well, why would the Zionist be killing Jews in mass in Israel with the boys and shot? Because they work for Satan? They don't work for God. Exactly. So they they create atmospheres that get Jews persecuted, so they can control the Jews so they can kill them.

And you just did it. Just like George Soros help roundup Jews for Hitler. That's the next level. We just got there. And they control the left and the right. They make politics super messy, like when I went in, to meet with my boy, Trump. And the next thing you know, like he typed, he said, fake news went crazy. And I love Trump, like every other good Christian American, we just want to hold Trump to Christian values and say, that's the only way to the White House. And if he doesn't do it, then I'm gonna have to do it. I think that Trump is a more senior president. I think I've got some growing to do. But I love Jesus, it's kind of like David, all of his brothers had all this battle experience and he was tended to the sheep. But while he was out there, he had to fight bears and tigers. This is the little I know as a baby crochet trim. But he was able to beat that giant and right now this giant, there's a there's some cleaning, there's some, there's some plumbing that we have to do. And that's what I'm doing with my style of art, my style of humor, and who I am as a celebrity to say, Okay, I've been messed over enough by Jewish businessmen to get to the point to say, I'm not going to take it anymore. I'm not the first person that got D banked because of their political opinion. And I represent now the common man, if we go when we go I don't like the word if when we go into the White House, its us now it's not about specifically an icon or DeSantis issues. Yeah, it's it's about the issues in America. They stay there stay there, Nick boy does the studio uncensored folks, we're gonna come back after this break. And we're gonna come back after the break and play a George Soros compilation of him on NPR for a few minutes.

him on NPR and him on 60 minutes saying the best time of his life was rounding up and killing Jews. Yay, never killed any Jewish child. I want to know how do I get the ADL to love me? Do I round up Jews in Nazi Germany? Do I get love then towards neggers said he loved Hitler. They gave him an award. I'm just saying I don't like Nazis. And I don't like what some of the mafias are doing. Hitler. It was actually probably the happiest years of my life. That the year of German occupation. For me, it's a very positive experience. It's a strange thing. Because you see incredible suffering around you. And in fact you are, you're in considerable danger yourself. But you're 14 years old, and you don't believe that it can actually touch you, you have a belief in yourself, your belief in your father. It's a very happy making exhilarating experience. While hundreds of 1000s of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps. George Soros accompanied his phony Godfather on his appointed rounds, confiscating property from the Jews. These are pictures from 1944 of what happened to George Soros, his friends and neighbors. You're a Hungarian Jew

who escaped the holocaust by posing as a Christian, right? And you watched

lots of people get shipped off to the death camps. That was 14 years old. And I would say that that's when my character was made, in what way that one should think ahead, one should understand and anticipate events. And one is threatened. It was a tremendous threat of evil. I mean, this is a very personal experience of evil. My understanding is is that you went out with this protector of yours. who swore that you were his adopted God

went out in fact and helped him the confiscation of property from the Jews that side. Yes. I mean, that's that sounds like an experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many, many years. Was it difficult?

Not Not at all. Not at all. Maybe as a child you don't you don't see the connection.

But it was it created No, no problem at all. No feeling of guilt. No

For example, that I'm Jewish, and here I am watching these people go, I could just as easily be there. I shouldn't be there, none of that. Well,

of course, I

could be on the other side or I could be the one from whom the thing is being taken away.

But

there was no sense that I shouldn't be there because that was

actually funny way. It's just like in markets, that if I weren't there, of course, I wasn't doing it. But somebody else would be taking it away anyhow. University, whether I was there or not, I was only a spectator. The property was being taken away. So I had no role in taking away that property. So I had no sense of guilt. Are you religious? No.

Do you believe in God? No.

All right. My mission here today is to offer the First Amendment because as long as you're not carrying out violence against someone, we're asking people to be violent like the left's ask people to burn down cities and attack Republicans and celebrate Rand Paul and Scalise being shot and attacked.

Then you have your free speech. And when the left came out the last 10 years and really accelerated the last five, six.

It said White people are inherently evil, because of the color of their skin. And that somebody that who moved here as a kid from Poland,

they're supposed to pay reparations for what people did hundreds of years ago on this country. It's a divide and conquer strategy. I'm getting into the reparations debate. I'm saying the group's pushing reparations are trying to cause division. So I've said it the most Nazi like activities I've seen. And the Nazis in my view, warthogs it shut people down, did a lot of really bad things. But they did good things, too. We're gonna stop this and the Nazis all the time. Okay, we're gonna get to that. I don't want to get digressed into this. But what mirror I tell the story about my grandfather, growing up in the richest neighborhood in Dallas. And down the street was a famous German American inventor. And he was a first generation person he would come in when he's a little kid on ship. And he was a bunch of patents on air on on on refrigeration and air conditioning. And

my grandfather worked the time it was about eight years old, because he took him under his wing

in his little tinkering factory that that he had factories in places like Detroit that actually built the stuff. And my grandfather, the main reason he joined the Army Air Corps, he told me, and he didn't tell me a lot about this. He just told me the story was because he watched that man very quietly, once Hitler got power in the 30s, suck every dime out of him or he would kill his relatives in Germany. And that guy was blond haired and blue eyed. It was as German as, as you could get as Arnold Schwarzenegger, or, you know, as, as Teutonic as as Germanic. And the point was, my grandfather saw that so I understand you're opposed to other forces. But I don't think then thinking other forces in history that are lionized. That's my personal experience of what my grandfather

Clyde William Hammond told me, does that make sense? It, not totally to me, but it's and I'm not saying that to be disruptive. I'm saying like, it literally doesn't totally make sense to me. I'm following it. But I was just thinking about Satan, that whether it's the Zionists, or Hitler, it's not the person. It's Satan, using the people that I agree with that are controlled by demonic forces. But what I'm going to say is the Jewish media has made us feel like the Nazis and Hitler have never offered anything of value to the world. Meanwhile, there's all of these things that are happening in Planned Parenthood is New World Order population eugenics that is happening to this date. I got some jokes here from Owen Benjamin that I want to read about Ben Shapiro. Hey, Candace Owens unplugged this robot before he runs his mouth.

Ben Shapiro's cardio is picking up shackles. Shapiro can tell how much change is in your pocket, just from hearing a jingle

Shapiro is just mad that Kyrie won't sign his basketball.

Back to you, Alex.

You sit down there you want to say something? Yeah. Well, I agree with the A I think that when you look at what's going on today, so much of the political landscape happens in the shadow of World War Two and the Nazis and Hitler. And I think it requires a little bit of an investigation and examination of where those values come from, you know, people talk about Nazis and Hitler but the United States had camps as well. The United States put the Japanese and internment United States injected black people with syphilis.

Yeah, and and you know, I totally agree with you. Yeah, the United States has Instagram selling pornography to little kids and they're selling people are selling it's prostitution rings and stuff. Is your point let he without sin cast the first stone. You're just Instagram is a prostitution ring. Like I went 30 days off of Instagram and it was the best part of the fast. Me getting kicked off Instagram was the best thing that ever happened to me. Because when I go to it, it's like watching it with the day live goggles, which is something that Owen, Owen Benjamin, you guys got to pull this up. Dave Chappelle is a hack and he gets a lot of his jokes from Owen Benjamin. Oh, Dave Chappelle went on a Jewish platform and said, they dropped that nigga. Dave Chappelle said, they dropped that nigga talking about yay. And he called me Kanye, and I'm supposed to be his friend, Dave Chappelle does not believe in God and does not believe in Jesus. These are the kinds of black leaders that the Zionists put in front of us. And meanwhile, we want to knock Herschel Walker, but Herschel Walker changed his life for Christ. And he might have had abortions, but he doesn't believe in abortion. If you're what matters is you and I have to what matters is the heart.

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, I agree with Yeah, I think that it's time that America has a fearless visionary leader who serves Christ who wants to bring the future fourth, and engineering and theology. I think that when you look at the options that were offered, and I said this on my show the other week, and the news said, Oh, he supports DeSantis. I said, the moderate Trump that says nobody even knows it's just somebody that all the left are all a sound. Well, let me raise that. Let me raise that since you guys got into this. We'll do hours on this. cut you off, Nick, I want you to let him complete his thought. So the moderate Trump versus DeSantis will not produce any outcome where America or Jesus is put first, Israel is or rather DeSantis is mobbed up with Israel and Mossad, Donald Trump his speech his announcement was written by Jason Miller who's controlled by foreign interests. If there's a Republican primary between them, too, and they go up against Biden or they go up against Newsom there is exactly zero chance that we get any kind of regime that's going to deliver the real trick. I got a question. If I say something that's provocative towards the Mossad is that misogynistic? Hold on, let's hear from

Hey, I'm

gonna kill you. I take the children away from you. Thanks a lot, Nitin. Back to you, Alex. Please turn your phone microphone around, sir.

I'm definitely overwhelmed here right now. Info wars.com. tomorrow's news today. Listen, all I'm trying to get through here is, I believe every group should be named a net and I dropped the, the Yahoo. So we didn't have to. I was tired of picking up the Yahoo and the net. And so for now, it's just Nat and I know some people call them BB. No, it's only calling Yeah. But we're gonna call him

what you want, hey, right after this, I'm gonna say you're crazy. I'm gonna take your family away from you.

You cannot cause free we have to control the history books, we have to control the banks, and we have to go and kill people

so

and a whole lot, hopefully, you're gonna take the mask off because this is this actually gay here?

Is this the mask is coming off in a little while. We're gonna be able to have a discussion about this. But But I mean, seriously. You have the globalist pushing a poison shot that's already killed 20 million people that they admit doesn't work. And then you're the bad guy for criticizing a group when I'm saying is when the left said, white people are inherently bad because they're white, the last six, seven years, they opened the gates up. So what do they expect? It's wrong, in my view, to say any group is inherently bad or has these traits or whatever we should judge the individual. But it's wrong for the ADL to have what are very racial policies. ADL is played out nobody knows who the ADL ah stop giving them attention. Nobody cares about the ADL ADL shadow they run all the all the censorship and everything. They don't run anything they're played on. We run the streets.

Well, I'm singling out the ADL so that's that's we don't know who they are. No one at high school knew what the word anti semitic was until yay, made it popular.

No, I hear you it's definitely a tiger by the tail. Next, you want to comment here?

Yeah, I just want to jump in and say that, you know, I don't think yay. And or I are saying that any group is particularly bad or the Jews as a group are bad, but there are Jewish practices that are based on Jewish law. And there is clearly some kind of a Jew

Jewish mafia. I'll give you a perfect example. It was Ari Emanuel of WMV. They called for total boycott on yay. Ari Emanuel's two brothers are Zeke Emanuel who is the architect of Obamacare and the Obama White House. And his other brother is Rahm Emanuel, who is the Chief of Staff for Obama and the mayor of Chicago. Their father, Benjamin Emanuel was part of the Ergun, which was a Zionist terrorist group in the 1940s. The definition of anti semitism, according to the State Department is if you say Jews have any allegiance to Israel, it's anti semitic. If you say that Jews have any kind of conspiratorial influence in America, its anti semitic. So we're supposed to believe that if Rahm picks up the phone and gets on a call with Zeke, and Ari, and they talk about their jobs, which are running Hollywood and running the Obama White House, a conspiracy, we acknowledge that happens worse, we're called anti semitic, but it's the truth. It's a truth that they make those calls. And it doesn't mean that every Jewish person is in on it. There are good Jews like Darren Beattie and Laura Loomer, and there are lots of fine people are Aluma call in. Also it's like there's Jewish people that are basically hide in the under their floorboards right now under their wooden floors. It's like a reverse version of the Holocaust, because there's Jewish people that saw how I was treated, and they're like, This is wrong. This guy just gave an opinion. I didn't cause any harm. I didn't harm anyone. i All I said is, and I spelled it wrong, because I was drinking alcohol. And we see the Bible says you can drink but the king should not drink. Right. And I shouldn't have been drinking. I shouldn't have said DEF CON, that was a $2 billion tweet. Basically.

I know you know about getting sued. I hear yourself so so let's expand. Yeah, that's also drinking. So So let's expand on this.

What you say is what I'm trying to say. You didn't kill anybody. You're simply here saying this. And you're being demonized and attacked. And you're saying that that is? That is super critical. But that's what I'm trying to tell you. George Soros admits he went around rounding up Jews with other protected stole their money in 70. Nazis. What my point is, is that that's what the left does. They hide behind black people, they hide behind Jews, they hide behind groups, and they use racial politics to control and so I think that's the most important thing is to understand that we can all come together under Christ so they blackmail Okay, go ahead about the Christ thing. I want to hear this Oh, we can just I'm just saying. I mean, I don't hate anybody because of their religion or their background. And there's great people remember organization and I think George Soros can come to Christ, it is a possibility that he can convert and come to Christ. Once you meet with George Soros, and we wanted to be with you. I wouldn't be with anyone. That's only Laura. We're live. What's up? This is Laura Loomer.

I am watching live I saw you just said that you wanted me to call in so I'm calling in. Well, how did how did she have your number?

Well, she called me because she had some concerns about my low running my campaign. No, that's great. So here's the deal. Can we we've got more numbers number than we call her on Skype or zoom. Can we actually put her on the show? Laura, you're on the speakerphone. Can you come on via Skype or via phone right now? Yeah, I can't I can't do a video right now. But I could do I could do audio. I texted your producer.

Laura, we're gonna call you right now or put you on air in two minutes. Don't trash Milo. I like Milo.

I'll call in right now. Do you didn't say yes. They're gonna call her they got her.

This was crazy. Listen, all I'm trying to say is my love is Jewish. I love my love. Yeah.

And you got a little bit of a Hitler fetish going on. It's not a fetish. It's not a fetish. That's a term like, I just love information. They have a they have some documentaries. Apparently, Bezos is allowed to put up any documentary but if a basketball player tweets it he'll lose his entire career I think that that's that's where I want to go because you've got millions hundreds of millions of Chinese locked down right now by Chinese are great people but their government and that country is the most racist, homogenous, sick or homogeneous actually, group there is an all I'm Candice I really care about those Chinese people under lockdown because they want to use that as a model against us. I'm just kind of not

I'm not on the whole Jew thing is this is what I'm saying. I don't care if people talk about I believe in free speech. I'm just really worried about the forced injections World Government 5g, the open borders, the collapsing currencies, war with Russia. What do you think?

I don't have all of that information. I have the information that two days ago I thought I was gonna be put in prison because my accounts are frozen. No, I get it. You're in Hollywood and the managers you see our show. I get it from your perspective. I get what you're saying. Yeah, and I love Jesus. And I have to fight

This war to make a better place for my for my children and for everyone else's children. I gotta put myself my accounts My name at risk to stand in the front of this war that we have. This is Info Wars right? So we're gonna give this information on Infowars by the way, I asked the crew very lovingly I love the crew, but you guys gave me the tweet I sent you this morning of the of the

abortion mill, New World Order depopulation kill the black people organization Planned Parenthood, where they said it's white people's job to get money so we can kill Black people. It actually says that. And he did want me to have it on the desk because he wanted to be able to have it all clean and stuff and I get that so I'm happy for you. But well, you guys give me that damn tweet. Because I love you to death. But I'm gonna ask you for an hour I need that damn tweet. I want to show people this because it is such it is such mind control to say white people. You've got white guilt actually say you're bad because you're white, help us kill Black people. What type of freakish crazy world is that? Gay Zionist?

Is that? Is that too wide of a idea? Do I have to just go specifically to who does that but it's the devil is the devil. We all like grandma used to say we all need Jesus Christ. And where I'm at this position where God is you. He's using me as a vessel. Everyone always knew that I was special. But now I get to be a vessel. And I feel so you know, can we I'd like to go into a prayer to pray that my cousin wrote. Now this prayer is it's pretty long. So please don't cut me off in the middle of this prayer. I'm not going. So what happened is, I was on a we were doing a family prayer zoom on Sunday. And his name is Wayne. And he tells me says Kanye. He's like, bro, my name is Jay. You say a prayer. And then I said my prayer. And I felt that it was very profound. I felt like it was Jay level bars, where I said, let's let's remove this whole conversation of morality. And let's go. Let's stick to the Bible and say, either Jesus said so. Or Jesus said no, hon, I'm away to you dropped this

bomb. Alright, so. And I felt like that was profound. That's like a bar that made me top five Freeman artists without an album this year. Either Jesus said so. Or Jesus said no, because we want to bring in our creative direction, our opinion and our moral compass. Forget the words moral compass, is it in the Bible? What did the red letters say? What did Jesus say about it? And then we make our decisions off of that. So I said this. And then I also was I had an idea. Let's stop hoping. Let's pray. Let's talk directly to God. Let's stop hoping for stuff I grew that he has hope in here. And I took it out. And I put it back in. And then he said this prayer. And my family members. They didn't say anything. And then he said his prayer. And all the whole family was like, oh, that's the best player ever heard. And he's like, I know, I know. My parents can be intimidating. I know. I know. They're like, Did you write that down? That was the best player ever. And I was thinking like, Bro, why you set me up? Why you sent me I'm just saying my prayer, right before your prayer. But this is his prayer. I was like, oh, send me that prayer, bro. That prayer was pretty good. It says uh, now, Nick is Catholic. So he doesn't like referring to Jesus as Yahweh God.

But I am. But I my black and my African and my Semite. What what is the date? They call me anti Semite. They said I'm a nigger and rap. They said I'm black. He told me say it loud. I'm black and I'm okay James Brown. You tell me who I am. But I know that I'm a child of God and I know Jesus died for us. This is the daily prayer written by my cousin Wayne. Your way God thank you for life, health and strength, faith, hope and love. And another day to bless protect your most holy name. I surrender all Yahweh God and acknowledge that all things are spiritual before they are physical. For this reason, we also declare and decree that you are the maker, Master ruler, creator and guide are of our spiritual lives. We also acknowledge our brother Jesus Yahshua, and the blood he shared that gave us blood paved pathways back to the holy of the holies as we humbly come before you all mighty, you're all Mighty Throne of mercy and grace, we welcome your glory to the rest to rests heavily upon our shoulders. Bless our crown with supernatural wisdom and understanding our way God so that we may walk in the true knowledge of who you are and who you created us to be quiet our spiritual minds your way God, God, slow us down and put us in proper alignment and divine timing with the will and purpose you have for our lives. Open our spiritual eyes your way God, so we may better see all of the Divine

things of the Spirit, open our spiritual ears your way God. So we may better hear all of the sacred things of the Spirit, guard our spiritual mouth while Yahweh God plays a sensor over our divine tongues. So we may only speak words that glorify and edify you, soften our spiritual heart Yawei God. So we may walk into deeper communion, communication, commitment, intimacy, understanding, and our relationship with all of the Divine things of the Spirit, your way God, we recognize that the we do not battle against flesh and blood but against spirits and powers, principalities and rulers of spiritual wickedness in heavenly places. It is for this reason that we put on the whole armor of God, Yahweh God, we put on the helmet of salvation, and the breastplate, the breastplate of righteousness, we firmly attached the belt of truth around our waist, and drench our feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace. We take our sword of life spirit, which is the word of life and the shield of faith, with which we will quench all of the fiery darts of the enemy. Thank you for blessing us, from the top of our head, to the bottom of our feet, and everywhere in between, with the first what we need everything that we deserve, and then the best that you have for our lives Yahweh God and Jesus name, amen. And perfect time to go to break our number two uncensored with yea, Nick Fuentes, I'm your guest host here in Santa Salem world, as the whole world's crazy, all of us are nuts. This is this is Twilight Zone 2.0. We will be right back. When you say that I'm talking about all of us, the whole world is crazy. It is crazy.

That everyday, everybody's crazy, I believe that I've seen in the guest host here because these guys are hosted, we'll be right back with our number two.

December 2022 is here. And we are proud and very excited to announce that free shipping is back at Infowars store.com. That's right free shipping on all orders of $50 or more. But we've signed a new deal with a big national shipping company. And they're able to cut our regular shipping cost by up to 50%. So that means even on orders that are below $30, you're going to be paying way lower than you were previously. This is a game changer where I'm so excited about it, our listeners had really asked for free shipping. Again, we couldn't afford it before. But by moving to a bigger national distributor, we're able to do it. So now your orders will be shipped even faster, the same great customer service and more. So get huge discounts and free shipping on so many great items at Infowars store.com. Right now, I want to thank you all for your support. But now there's no excuse to boost your immune system need a healthier life and even vores on the air Infowars Store icon.

To young generation like Prime Minister Trudeau half of his cabinet are actually Young Global Leaders of stability, Craig said we penetrates the cabinets

the way

Canadians are watching very closely, obviously everyone in China should be allowed to express themselves should be allowed to share their their perspectives. And indeed protests we're going to continue to ensure that China knows will stand up for human rights will stand with people who are expressing themselves. We also need to make sure that China and places around the world are respecting journalists and their ability to do their job is the level of of admiration I actually have for China.

Because their basic dictatorship is allowing them to actually turn the economy around on a dime and say we need to go green as fast as we need to start, you know, investing in solar. I'll be there as a flexibility that I know Stephen Harper most dream about having a dictatorship that he could do everything he wanted, that I find quite interesting, regardless of the fact that we are attacking your fundamental rights or limiting your fundamental rights.

And the charter says wrong, we're still going to go ahead and do it. The small fringe minority of people who are on their way to Ottawa are who are holding unacceptable views that they're expressing do not represent the views of Canadians who have been there for each other who know that following the science, and stepping up to protect each other is the best

sway to continue to ensure our freedoms, our rights, our values as a country, we are not intimidated by those who hurl insults and abuse at small business workers and steal food from the homeless, we won't give in to those who fly racist flags. We won't cave to those who engage in vandalism, or dishonor the memory of our veterans. So to those responsible for this behavior, it needs to stop. The emergencies act will be used to strengthen and support law enforcement agencies at all levels across the country. As of today, a bank or other financial service provider will be able to immediately freeze or suspend an account without a court order. Justin Trudeau I mean, I thought he was kind of a cool guy, man, I started to read what he said. This is a couple of weeks ago he was or maybe this is September, but he was talking about people who are not vaccinated. He said they don't believe in science. They're often misogynistic, often racist. Now they're not that was not. Right, he said, but they take up space. And with that, we have to make a choice in terms of a leader as a country. Do we tolerate these people, it's like tolerated now you do sound like that? Well, the Bill of Rights is a stumbling block on the way to shutting down speech that the left doesn't like at least in government, but there's a new avenue for those who would like to censor what you say and think and that's corporations. The left have wised up to this if you want to stop someone from telling the truth, use companies to do it the social media giants and they are for many on the left, the view seems to have become that if you can't beat them, prevent them from speaking so far. The most prominent casualty of the crusade against free expression has been the radio show host Alex Jones, there is a concerted effort by the Democratic Party and multinational corporations in big tech to silence conservative and nationalist and populist voices. There's also guys on CNN that spend their whole day calling Facebook and saying can you ban this person he may be America's best known conspiracy theorist, but this week, Alex Jones his content will be a little harder to find shame on the mainstream corporate media for not defending the first amendment but instead attack dogging calling for federal regulators to shut down independent Free Press working with big tech. People know what's true, they can smell it, Info Wars, the most banned network in the world. In a free country, everyone can be hurt. In totalitarian societies, only the powerful and

the evil abuse of children that the world is waking up to today has been going on for many many years. The Industrial Revolution was fueled by hundreds of 1000s of children sold off of orphan trains at local fairs across the country, many of which were born within orphan asylums, and referred to as foundlings history shows us that not everyone sees an innocent child as someone to protect and the Balenciaga scandal is exposing a hidden cult that celebrates the death and torture of children. The same photographer who placed the Supreme Court ruling on child porn in the Balenciaga ad that sparked this whole recent scandal, also did a photo shoot for France's double magazine that featured a traumatized looking child having her passport photo taken for a trip to the same Disney Cruise Line that provides snorkeling trips off the coast of Epstein's Island, otherwise known as Little St. James. Both photoshoots appear to have been styled by Russian stylist, lotta Volkova, a highly celebrated stylist in the fashion industry who works for Vogue Adidas Chanel and has been a top stylist for Balenciaga since 2014. She has deleted her Instagram account since the scandal hit, but archived images show a dark appreciation for child abuse. Images of violent pedophilia, child torture, child disempowerment, say Satanism and cannibalism. Many of these images are appreciated by her rich and famous designer friends Gosha rubchinskiy And Marc Jacobs, both accused of peddling pedophilia in their own work. A recent video shows what appears to be fake babies sold in Blood spattered Balenciaga schwag in your bag

Eli,

can we do what's in the bag?

For you?

It's just

like when she starts to cry

when she's gonna pee

when she's boring

all

right as the Balenciaga scandal goes viral, Hollywood actress Nicole Kidman, who was recently glamorizing eating bugs, proudly releases her own Balenciaga ad on Instagram. From what we are learning about these people, it seems strange for us to put our faith in any single one of them. And by all appearances, this wasn't an accident. It seems to be another demoralizing SIOP onesie August stuff just gets worse and worse. Check this out.

The people that recruited all of the models for balance er because runway show was a woman called Rachel Chandler, who has been on Jeffrey Epstein's Island. She's even posted a picture on Instagram of CCTV footage back in 2013. bragging about being on an island. This stuff's got me wondering if all high end fashion brands are just fronts for human trafficking. So most of us know by now that Balenciaga got themselves cancelled by having BDSM bears photographed with children. The same style bears were featured in one of their last runway shows which was held in a mud pit, as if the brand weren't disgusting enough. But who opened for the show?

Yeah, Kanye West was pretty close with the Lindsey Yaga. Before they got canceled for that last photo shoot. Kanye has been all over the place for years. Everybody knows that. I'm sure he's been through a lot I feel for him. But let's keep our eyes open. Yeah, it's a very small club. And yet the majority of us still seem to obsess over them like royalty, which begs the question, do we have any power? And if we someday find that we do. What are we going to do about this evil reporting for Info Wars? This is Greg Reese.

It's almost like a yacht yay. Here the whole buildings is crazy. Our shells here back live with gay like point as riding shotgun. And we're gonna get Laura Loomer on the line. He didn't want to wear an earpiece, that's fine. We're going to call her on his phone, like 10 minutes or so it'll get to you, Laura. But he wants to get her on. So that's great. We'll get her on. Yay. Let me bring up since you guys want to get on this topic. The meeting with Trump. They're now using it against Trump. They're misrepresenting what who Nick is. And I think that's fair to say. And they're lying about you. And they're trying to make it the new reason that DeSantis should be the 2024 front runner. And I liked the sadness in many ways, but I don't like who he's aligning with all these big donors. And him playing along with this. It's it's very troubling. So So tell us about the meeting. What really happened there.

Nick, you have the minutes on it. That's right.

So it's where to begin, we I want to set the record straight. First of all, because there was a big piece in NBC the other day written by Mark pudo, with a lot of lies about the dinner. And I don't know if people were misquoted or have bad quotes were given but people are being led to believe that this was somehow a setup or an ambush to make the president look bad. That's not true. Yay, loves Trump. I love Trump. We came to the dinner to have a discussion with him and have a discussion with him about the 2024 race EA had a proposition for him. And so a lot of it was really put together in the last minute. I didn't even really know until I was at Mar a Lago. Whether or not we would be at the dinner was something that EA and I discussed on the flight there and the car right over. So I just want to get that cleared up straight away. Because I think Jay and I both believe that Trump is a great option. It's it really just comes down to Trump and yay for the most of them trying to Premeditatedly claim it was some secret meeting and he knew he was meeting with you. That's not true. No, yeah. And it was surprising because we had this conversation the day before we flew out. We were at we were in LA on that Monday. And I was told it may not even be possible for you to get into Mar a Lago. They said because there's so many people that will intercept you. There's a guest list and you have to be on it and their security list and all these things. So I was told that I may not even be able to get through. Well, we pulled up to the club. They checked out yay, they checked out Karen's ID and information we do

drove up. We walked in, we sat down in the lobby, the President came out of the dining room. And that was that he invited me to dinner. And I don't know if it was yea, or Trump. But one of them said, well, we want to bring Jamar care and the NIC into the dining room. And so we came in, we sat down, well, we took some pictures, yay, sort of lit up the whole room, everybody wanted to get a picture with him. We sat down at the table. And I want to say initially, it was a very pleasant dinner, Trump gave kind of the standard black voter pitch, he talked about the HBCUs, the opportunity zones, things like that. And then it turned out that yeh had accidentally sent a text message to a lawyer that both Trump and yeh share. And forward him some intel that Karen gave to us about how we were going to handle the Trump meeting, and how to read his body language and the kinds of things that maybe we should avoid, or things we might want to say. And so before the dinner, yay, accidentally forwarded that to a lawyer, who then in the middle of the dinner, apparently called Trump to say, Hey, Karen Jordan was involved. This is a setup. You guys are being set up right now. It was really just based on a misunderstanding. And after that, call he who's this lawyer? Do you mind if I say the name? Yes, it's yes, you mind? I don't. Okay. It's a Nikkor Vontae. So he was text. I don't mind I don't mind any names. I think that's the general gist. So let me get let him finish the entire story. So because we pulled up in the car and yay, said here, I'll forward you these notes. So he forwarded it to me and I said, Hey, I didn't get the text. And we kind of brushed it off. And we found out later he meant to send it to Nicholas cuentas. He sent it to Nicholas Gervonta on accident. So the dinner was actually very pleasant. It was very friendly. Yay, picked out a song to play he put on say you will off of ADA weights. And then Trump said, Oh, I don't know. Let's put on one of your hits. So he put on stronger. It was very congenial. Well, then in the middle of the dinner, Trump gets this call because Nick or Vontae apparently sent the tax to want to Trump's guys or somebody somebody called Trump and said Karen is giving a Intel is Karen worked for Trump. She ran the state of Florida during the Republican primary and 16. Until he got the heads up, they they thought it was some big ambush. So he gets off the phone, and the tone totally flipped. And he starts telling you these stories about how some of his black constituents had betrayed him. He told the story about how he got ASAP Rocky out of jail. He told the story about how he got the NBA basketball players out of the Chinese jail. And the moral of the story was if you go against me, if you're disloyal to me, I'll crush you. That was kind of the subtext of the story is from Trump. He said that Kim, Kim Kardashian, he said some nasty things about her because she endorsed Joe Biden after Trump released what what is it Alice Alice Johnson, Alice Johnson from prison, he commuted her sentence and then gave her a pardon. So he felt betrayed by that. And then EA made the proposition and said, Hey, I'd like you to be my running mate in 2024. And Trump sort of I gave him the opportunity. I didn't say I would like him to I said, you have the opportunity. Right? Yeah. My running mate in 2024. Yes. What do you wear a mask as well? I think it would look cool.

I do think it looks cool. So he sat back and folded his arms and he kind of smirked, and he sort of dismissed it. But then he got a little bit heated. And he said, You can't win, you'll never win, don't run, you can win at a lot of things. But you can't win at this. And then he turned to me and Karen and said you guys are smart. I know you work for him. But don't lie to him. Tell him tell him he can't win. And you know, I love Trump. And I love Yeah. And so I'm looking at Trump. And then I'm looking at Yang and

they say you're a white supremacist, are you white supremacist? No, not at all? Well spend some time on that. Yeah, you know, I'm a Catholic. I'm Christian. And so I believe that we know that sounds divisive from us right there, but it's not.

Well, I believe that we're all children of God. And so I think that black, white, red, brown, whatever. We are all we're all siblings in a certain sense, because we're created by God. I do though, believe that. There are races there are there are black people, there are white people, there are Hispanics. And these differences mean something to people, they mean things to each other. That doesn't mean that we can't get along. That doesn't mean that the love saying it's bad, even agriculture, they're saying none of us can say on this around that. Right. They want to melt us all down. That's what globalization is. They want to globalize the government, the economy and the population they want to global government. They want to globalize the economy through free trade, no culture, exactly and the population through immigration and they want to make it so that in 50 100 years, there are no distinct nations. There is no distinct peoples there is so nobody can stand up to him. Right. Just a slave class, undifferentiated. That's what they want. The future for

President you're talking to you right now.

Is Nick Your running mate? He's not old enough.

Yeah, Nick, how old are you? I'm 24. Maybe in a few cycle and Trump love Nick. He looked at me said, Where did you find this kid? He had no idea. What's the guy that wrote the speech that you didn't like Jason Miller, Jason Miller lied. Afterwards after that, he found out who you were. And what did Jason say in the press to start off because it it started to be like a series of lie after lie after lie and fake. It wasn't a tweet as a true social after truth, social after truth social. So give them the rundown on that. Yeah, so initially, we didn't publish anything about the dinner. It was rumored that yeh went to dinner with Trump. And it was rumored that I was at the dinner because I walked through the airport in Miami. Then there was a statement from Jason Miller, who spoke as a representative for Trump. And he said, Well, Nick Funches was not at the dinner. And it was only at that point, which was a lie. It was only at that point when we began to respond. And Jay said he can't say that Nick was at the dinner. That was a lie. But I mean, I actually liked the speeches that Jason Miller wrote, maybe I mean, he was just scared. Who was scared Trump. I mean, I think Miller thing, it was a setup.

I mean, I think that's what they thought they thought, Oh, this is a setup. And I think that's where that, but okay, but people gotta stop lying. Our leaders, our politicians have to stop being afraid, and being so political, and we have to put Christ first. And if anything comes from this, like, the best thing that can come from this is, I'm the President of the United States in 2024. The worst thing that could come from this is our leaders are held to Christian values, not Zionist values. Now, let's talk about the difference of Trump's truth, socials. Yeah, so he put out three successive posts. There's three responses from Trump on true social, and they just get more sort of erratic as the pressure grows. You know, the first one, he says, It was a very uneventful dinner. I did meet with yay. The next post was, I don't know who Nick Fuentes was, and he was totally uneventful. The third one, he says, yeah, a very troubled man who happens to be black came for badly needed advice. And so it just kept getting more and more, sort of angry and erratic. And, and I think what he's getting at and I don't want to put words in his mouth, but Trump is surrounded by handlers. He's surrounded by people like Jared Kushner and Jason Miller. He's got three campaign managers that are veiled because he got what he wanted out of Trump, right. What did what did Jared do when Trump was in office, he got the Abraham accords Jared Kushner with his best friend, Bibi Netanyahu at 666. Fifth Avenue. They brokered the Abraham Accords, which opened up investment from the Gulf states into Israel. What did net and have to say about it? Exactly? Netanyahu loves it, of course, because this loves expand on that. Jerry

said this.

Okay. Well, he'd be on my mind. My point is, is that

it's fair though, for Trump that is a political attack, to claim that he endorses or represents even the views that claim you hold that you don't hold. So clearly, you can see how the media is using you guys. As an attack on Trump. They're using us to try to put this guy we've never heard of DeSantis.

In office, like

DeSantis is gonna play by the book. The thing about Trump is, this guy is one of the best presidents we have. He's top five presidents. He's right there with Ronald Reagan. And he was a Wharton grad. He's one of the best businessman of all time. And the entire time he was the president. The Jewish media attacked him. They were mad because he was actually working for the country. And now they're doing everything including this meeting, to try to, to say he's not allowed to me what this is Info Wars. Who are you to say who the president can meet with Netanyahu? Like, I'm not going to the Holy Spirit fills me up in the lesson I have, the less angry I get, you know, so you can't make me angry. But if I was another version of gay the Kanye West that you guys know, I will be angry at net and for even speaking on one of the best presidents one of our best presidents of all times. Shut the shut the bless up now.

This is from Yeah, now you know who I am. Do you know who I am? Now, Netanyahu? You know who I am. Now, Jared Kushner? You know, I am Josh Kushner. Let me tell you something about softie Josh. Right? Marshmallow Josh was at a dinner. I'm at Jarrett's house, Jared and vohkus house, and

I didn't realize that the dinner that Josh Kushner had 10% of skims, which was my ex wife clothing line.

mine, which I have 5% of, and it's one of the reasons why, even after the attacker, Aria manual, had all of my deals destroyed, I was still worth $400 million. Right? And still had $250 million of cash available. Right? So

Josh, I say, What do you think about Jared worker for me in 2024, and just looks at Jared assists ha would kill them. And so then towards the end of the meeting, I'm leaving their apartment. They do like a soft hug. Because I think like Jared is soft as Jared is. He has to hug Josh extra soft. So you know, he doesn't melt like toilet paper. And what I realized afterwards that Josh had 10% of a line that I only had 5% Double, where I, you know, skills is an extension of Yeezy. It's an extension of our brand. Literally, I put the creative director from Yeezy at skims, because at first Kim's was a lingerie line. And then it was Kris Jenner's idea to make it a shapewear line. I said, I have the perfect person. Let's take these elements of Yeezy. And let's put this here. And then Josh goes in and puts $150 million from some investment firm to then control something that my ex wife was making for our child. And it's you're at this meeting and literally realizing, oh my god, I own this and ran this. This guy's double what I get. You don't even know he was the owner. Yeah. And that's what I explained to Jared. I was on texted Jared. I said, What if I had 10% of a line with Ivanka and you didn't know and you only had 5%? I'm sure you want to be learned you own 10% of 666 Park Avenue. He'd be pissed, or what if I had 10% of that? 800. How big was the deal that he did after he got out of what you're saying is we need reparations from Hollywood. We need the Hollywood elite that have almost all the money. They need reparations to America. I want to talk about how Jared did that first deal with net?

Yeah, he got billions. And this is something that was covered in the Wall Street Journal, Jared Kushner brokered the Abraham accords with Netanyahu. And before Trump was even out of office, they were arranging for how Kushner could take a massive fee from separate from kosher getting money. I don't know why koshering glows in the dark. It's creepy as hell. But I mean, that's a good peace deal to get the Arabs and Jews quit killing each other. I mean, I agree with you to some extent, but to me it actually that's a pretty I was I said, that's some good Kushner did I mean, I don't like Kushner did it for the money? Well, I mean, we got things. And I would say I'm not defending him. I'm saying it good to try to get Middle East peace.

So let's ask Nick, Nick, go ahead. If you want a Middle East peace, you have to go to Israel, because Israel is the one who has been bombing Syria, Israel's the one that's got 200 nuclear weapons, they're going nowhere. Exactly. And that's why they killed JFK and RFK was because of they were trying to get their WMD program off the ground operation Apollo, it was Jack Kennedy that wanted IAEA inspectors looking into it. Now, that is probably one of the main that's one of the reasons Kuniaki Oh, that was level what we need to say right now. And we're gonna bring Ali on us in a second is my both my parents were educators, right? And we're here as the educators. That's what's in our heart. When we get the information. We put ourselves at risk to give you the information. There's a lot of teachers, incredibly intelligent people that have been canceled and kicked out of universities for not playing along with the system. So stop looking at us, like celebrities, like we're trying to get media, we're using our physician putting our finances, putting our personal well being at risk to say the truth out loud. And I was on the plane with Nick and I said it feels like we're in Vietnam in the middle of the war with our backs to the wall holding our guns and saying, you know, Nick, how did you get here? Yeah, how did you get here? Of all the guns are going off and all the meat is going off and say this is Info Wars, right? So you got some info warriors on both sides. You and you fought for us. You've been fighting this battle for a long time, Alex, and we just got to salute you as a Christian and as American because you paved the way to make braver soldiers like us today. It's like Terminator part 10 happening right now. Wow. All right, we gotta go to break we're gonna get Laura Loomer on we're gonna get Ali Alexander on demand and grandmas smartest guys on politics. And we're gonna get just continue on Shroyer is gonna come on. We're gonna continue on as long as you guys want to go. We'll take breaks and stuff too and get you know, yay to eat something or whatever Me and Nick got somebody he has eaten yet. And where do you stay fasting? He just I probably won't eat. I'm probably gonna eat. So I'm like, Oh, my God, Italian Mangia, mangia. So we're gonna get a watch. I gotta watch my accounts because they've been frozen by the Jewish banks. So I need to watch my meals. Well, CNN says why people are evil Nazi so I mean, I disagree with both statements but I get the truth. I don't like the word evil next to Nazis. I think we need to

Oh, my goodness. You just because you don't like one group doesn't mean the other but I look like

I love Jewish people, but I also love Nazis.

Oh, man, well, I have to disagree with that. i But listen, we're gonna go to break. I'm the I'm the crazy one here. We're all crazy. The whole world is crazy. And the old power structures coming down. This is absolutely lit. This is lit lit lit lit lit lit. Number one show in the world right now. Everybody's shooting everywhere. Yay, everybody. I appreciate you being here. We're gonna go to break we're gonna come back and play that little pavement promo with you. And then we're going to air the Trudeau clip and go right back to you. Stay with us.

Yay is in studio. I'm Alex Jones, your host exploring Tez Olly Alexander Owen Shroyer about to join us riding shotgun. He doesn't want to wear an earpiece, so he's gonna call Laura Loomer.

So we're gonna put Laura Loomer on the way she was originally going to be on earlier. Yeah, you're hosting the show. Go ahead.

Laura, can you guys hear Laura on the mic?

What they're doing is they're talking to her out there. I told him 45 minutes ago. On the mic. Tell her you're gonna call her they didn't do that. Because it's such a party.

Can you guys hear her?

Laura say some?

Laura Loomer. Yeah, Laura, you're on the air. Go ahead.

How's it going? Yeah, go ahead. He wants to do it over speakerphone. Go ahead.

Well, look, I just I just wanted to call in, you know, I see that everybody on this stream has been canceled in some fashion. And, you know, I've also been canceled. And, you know, I have a unique perspective. Because, you know, I'm Jewish, and I happen to be one of the most banned and censored person, people in this country. And so, you know, I just wanted to talk about canceled culture and, you know, the act of de banking and deep platforming, from my perspective, because, you know, I was really one of the first people that experienced all of this canceled culture. And I would just say that,

you know, I can sympathize with anybody who's had their voice silenced. I don't think that censorship is the answer, no matter how much you disagree with another person, or how offensive you may find their statements or their arguments to be. And what we need in this country is more free speech. And I say that, you know, as a Jewish American woman watching the stream and, you know, watching the plague of canceled culture that has really swept not just our country, but the entire world over these last few years. And I will say that being Jewish has never saved me from being canceled, it never stopped the banks from shutting down my access to my bank account, being Jewish never, you know, prevented me from becoming, like I said, the most banned woman in the world. So I just wanted to make it clear that, you know, while you know, there's no disputing the fact that groups like the ADL, and AIPAC and, you know, powerful, you know, left wing Jewish individuals, and in some cases, right wing Jewish individuals themselves, are advocating for canceled culture. There are Jews themselves who have also been canceled. You shouldn't be penalized for what other people done that Martin Luther King said that I agree with it. So you called yourself more like Martin Luther King the other day that Malcolm X I tend to agree with that. I liked Malcolm X. I've read his writings listen to him incredibly smart, intellectual. He was downtrodden. He was tell people stand up. He was an amazing revolutionary for his time and amazing man. But I think Martin Luther King was more powerful. And even Malcolm came around to his worldview of thinking so my issue is, it's the same thing we're talking about here. Is that is that you know, Laura Loomer has been censored Laura Loomer has been attack and Israel has the most draconian COVID shots against their population of any group. So I'm saying why aren't they exempt because there's a criminal group posing as them. Christ talked about this, that is that is trying to manipulate imposes the leadership of every group. There's groups that claim they lead the black folks that aren't care about blacks. There's groups that claim they care about why people don't really care. There's groups who claim they're Jewish that don't think that's really what we're talking about disagree. I agree. And as you as I talked about, think about us, like, I gotta say, I love the Zionist I love the people that that blocked my bank account because God runs the world and uses everyone. There's a power structure under God that starts with 1000 year old families such as the muddy cheese, then it goes to the Vatican, which is in bloodline to Peter Knapp, Paul, then it goes to the financial groups Blackrock Vanguard, and then to the government where we can go into Putin territory, and then it goes to Hollywood, Rahm Emanuel. That is the first smoke screen to get passed. And we're just breaking down those smoke screens. Hey, Ari, how you doing Ari? Hey, I will I want to jump in

really quick and I will say

that Lauren you're on the air

oh god blacklisting of, you know, people like yay, people like Alex Jones people like Nick Fuentes, people like myself, you know, everybody watching should understand we're living in a dangerous time now where people are being shut down and having their money frozen, okay? Imagine not being able to access your bank account because somebody in a board room decides that they don't agree with what you're saying. And so, you know, for people who are critical, you know, a gay Nick, Alex, myself or whoever, right? Just Just think of how fast the tables can turn. And I think this is what you've been talking about. For years. Alex, you've been warning people about what's coming for years. And now people want to act like oh, well, how did we get to this point? Censorship is the reason why we've got to this point. Okay. So, you know, these things wouldn't be happening if people weren't being censored for more. Can I ask you this question? Because you You're a smart, successful, pro America, Jewish lady that is an American that lives in Florida. From my experience, studying what goes on politics, aren't Jews, like everybody else, like left wing, right wing and different factions fighting with each other, and everybody else, like any other group. I mean, I understand there's powerful groups in Hollywood and all these mafias, but it's like, we don't blame Italians. For the Italian Mafia. When I criticize the Jewish mafia was one of the most powerful in the world, which I don't like, I don't just want to be Jewish, because they're a mafia. That's really how I think we d stigmatize it just say no to the mafia, that is the ADL and Hollywood or do you disagree with that? Or agree or you want to say,

there's factions within any group? Right? I don't think it's I don't think that you can really generalize any group. I think that when you look at the demographics of Jews in America, over 73% of Jews vote Democrat. And so when you see a lot of, you know, people making decisions who happen to be Jewish, it's coming from a left wing perspective, but I'm a nationalist, you know, I'm a nationalist, and I'm Jewish, and I've been a very strong supporter of President Trump. That's a question why were they so scared of you? Because you've been as much banned as me or even more, I mean, they have come after you. Why do they why are they scared of Laura Loomer? Because I'm a free speech absolutist. And regardless of what somebody may may say, even wherever they may say about Jews, or whatever they may have to say about Israel or Judaism, I'm not going to advocate for anybody to be silenced anybody to be banned, or anybody to have their account shut down, or their money frozen, simply because of their viewpoints. This is America and we need to promote free speech absolutism. And we need our politicians to start promoting free speech absolutism. And this is what I ran, when I ran for congress twice in Florida, the first time and Trump's home district, which was actually the most Jewish district in the country. And then most recently, in district 11. You know, I ran on a campaign of free speech ads. What about what about a First Amendment or for a Bill of Rights Party? Well, you know, the could transcend party lines. What about a free speech, Pro to self defense of First Amendment, second minute party? I mean, how do we fix this yet?

We fix this, let the word of Christ, the first book of Moses called Genesis In the beginning, God created the heavens and earth, the earth was without form and void. And darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters. That's where we start.

And they know that that's what Prometheus shows that. All right, Laura, thank you so much. Thank you.

Closing comments for you. I want to move on to Lauren Holly. And thank you very much for calling and talk later. Thanks a lot. All right. So good. That's That's good.

Nick. Yeah. You see in Florida, you want to say something for we go to Ali, Alexander and own? Yeah, I want to jump in and say that. I agree. I think, though, that it's not so much about the Bill of Rights. I think it's really more about Christianity. I think that what America needs is a Christian party. Oh, I agree. Politically, it's about our freedoms. But you're right crisis first, right. And it gets to the nature of Judaism, which is the fact that Jews do not believe that Christ was the Son of God. And in fact, they're the only group that hey, Jesus, Muslims see Jesus as a prophet, Buddhists, Hindus see Jesus as a spiritual figure. Jews write in their Talmud that Christ is burning in hell. They they don't like the cross. I think that's because he's kind of was taken over the thing. So at the end of the day, we worship a Jew, or we say, he's not really a Jew. It's not the same thing though, because the kind of Judaism that we have now is not of the Old Testament itself, the rabbinical oral tradition. So these people are worshipping Clara. They're not following the Old Testament. They're following the zohore. And the Talmud. No, that's right. Exactly. So So I mean, we people should read that for themselves. What about Haile Selassie because this is one

What happened to Kyrie Irving and it made me really mad. Because when I was a kid growing up reading comic books and stuff, I was really early. I was like five, I could read like a 10 year old when I was 10. I could be like a college student. And so I put down comic books was about eight because my mom had all these history books. And some of them were picture history books, and I started reading those. And it's like a fact that Solomon married a bunch of black women. It's a fact that Ethiopia was Jewish. It's a fact that North Africa was Jewish. It's a fact that that went on. And then Kyrie Irving puts out a video explaining that a bunch of North African blacks are intermarried and part Jewish and Israel lets a bunch of blacks in because they can prove that their lineage their names are Jewish names. So how is it anti semitic? And how does the ADL say it's anti semitic, for black people who are related directly to King Solomon and King David, the line of Judah, which Haile Selassie was the leader of Ethiopia, that's where this whole movement comes from, to act like they don't know this. I'm not blaming Jews for this. I'm blaming the leftist ADL to deny black Jews, their heritage is a historic fraud.

It's a damn historic fact. It's on Wikipedia. It's not even debated. Sure, but it's not just the left. This is the right wing wants to you know, because in Israel, yeah, which is showing me a clip the other day where they are racist towards the Sudanese or Ethiopian black Jews that immigrated to Israel, they kick them out. There's quote, as well. I mean, Israel's even mean to the Hasidic Jews now. I mean, that's what I'm saying they're waging war, right. So so and I agree with you and what they've done to Kyrie Irving is just to say God is the Linko beautiful person, wonderful guy. He'll tell you he goes yeah, that's what runs Israel's evil and so is your group's Ben Shapiro just mad that Kyrie won't sign his basketball. Back to you, Nick. So So but what about that issue, I'm sure you know about Harlem philosophy, and Kyrie Irving your your take on Kyrie

but that's my brother. And I love the fact that just like now you it felt like you were in this battle by yourself. But now you got two warriors alongside of you like gargoyles at the top of the buildings in New York, ready to fight for Christ. And when Kyrie put up that information, they always want to write me off and say, Yay, it's just so crazy. So crazy, so crazy. And then Kyrie was like, Okay, here goes some information right here. Information is the unlock. There's five elements that the 1% the elites use to control the 99%, which are the masses, those elements are water, food, shelter, medicine, education, which one of those five elements are the most important? Education because with the knowledge, you can go get water, you can go get food, you can get shelter, and you could get medication, I don't want independence.

I agree. And carry fought for something. And then also, you know, for me, it will carry I love carry heat he did what his job was, they had the Hebrew Israelites in front of the game. And now the high schools, I always think about the high schools, I always think about the future, the grammar schools, the high schools, these are the people that are going to change our lives. So the high schools are asking questions, people are running around saying, Oh, yay, is racist. What is the term racism was created? And I think the construct of racism was created commonest Russians. Yeah. And it's like the whole woke culture, the idea, the white man did this. The Jewish guy did this. Now saying, specifically the bankers. I think my misstep in the tweet was to pinpoint a people as a flight as opposed to pinpointing the devil and the fact that the devil used to have that, but more than that, it was my disobedience to God, that forced me into the whale stomach as I am right now. But it's only my obedience to God, that's gonna bring me out of the whale stomach. Let's elaborate. You're not walking back what you said you are clarifying it, which is key. It's evil in the hearts of men and women. It's a problem. And so you're not walking it back. You're clarifying. This is big clarify Satan.

The angel, the gods, one of his favorite angels, one of the most powerful angels the most powerful. Yeah. So that's what I like the most powerful angel, Satan. And he brought angels Witter when he left heaven, right? And how many angels did Satan bring with a 33% of them? So he brought billions of angels with him. So angels, Satan has 33% of God's warriors, with him working for Satan. But God runs the world. And it's Satan. That that gets inside of the Zionists and makes them do evil things. But these are these are stories because I'm a baby Christian, right? But I heard that, you know, God loves me so much. He loves me so much, right? Then I go to drink champs and I'm drinking and the Bible says King don't drink right. I noticed that. Milo I know I'm not saying an incorrect perfect English, but the Bible says Can

Don't drink and I'm drinking and I'm smoking and I'm using my ego because I'm tired. I'm tired of these like fed. Like I'm lit I'm lit let me say I'm tired of these fed celebrities trying to pick on me thinking that they gangster we met in high school Meek Mills we not in high school Puff Daddy. We don't and everyone thinks that there's so much one gangster like they got me in some way. A none of y'all more gangster than God and God got me you know I'm saying I'm saying that oh no, everybody pose an act of toughness. Yeah, you're talking about rebel black sheep. I mean you're definitely about it Yeah, yeah, you're not you're not tough to me but I'm drinking and then I start saying stuff that doesn't please God right. It wasn't the Zionists it wasn't the banks is God set me back. But the fact that the fact that I still had 400 million and Forbes couldn't get around it, it show God loves me. But he just had to he had to set me back a little bit to Jovian proverb. You're going through a Jovian trial. Yeah. Because since I lost my wife, right, since I lost my family, and I was no longer the priests right in the middle of that home. And I didn't have the say so over the content that my kids watch and what they and what they wore and where they went to school and how we went to church and what they ate. I was frustrated and I let the devil come and get me I let the devil pull me in. Next thing you know, I'm at I'm at New Year's Eve parties having threesomes. I'm like God was so mad at me. He said, I empowered you. I gave you every skill set. You're like Moses, you save Caesars life and battle twice. You know it, you might stutter, you might not be the best communicator. But you're a leader game, and you're down there. You're not representing me. You're drinking, you're having sex. And you know what, and God he waited on me. He let me go, you know, eight months into the year, but it wasn't till I bragged about serving Satan with the actions that God said I gotta set you back now and set you straight. And then so we're moving my school. We're moving the Donda theology, engineering university into a church. And we were there talking with the pastor. And then a homeless gentleman came in and was talking to us and I say, Is this a plant? I don't know. But this was the greatest theologist that I've met and I had him come to a Bible study we were working on the walk to the house I don't like to call it a campaign we're working to the walk tonight Hold on This is a hard break through the our stations rejoin us I skipped on the break we gotta have this Rebecca two minutes. We got to do this heartbreak. And I asked you want to put a website out and people can actually hear what you have to say I want you to remind me what I'm saying. So I can give this explanation No, no. Hold me on the phone the story that the the I need to tell the people though. No, no, you will. I'm gonna remember it's the amazing homeless guy comes in. Yeah. And he gives you this incredible word. All right. I don't care about the website. I care about Jesus Christ and people knowing that I get it but they also got to know where to actually find what you're actually saying the only place to find it is in the Bible.

Our website is the Bible where people find what you're doing cozy.tv/nick And the Bible all right, all right. I'm just trying to like Alright, hey, it's all about free speech. We'll be right back our number three with yay and so many more and we've got Owen Shroyer and Ali Alexander loaded, ready to go in the studio 10 feet through that wall. So they're coming up our number three of the most banned rock as in the world straight ahead.

Thanksgiving 2022 is here. We've got the biggest sale of the year going right now. Now the good news is I'm going to extend this sale up to 60% off right through Christmas. The bad news is by Christmas almost every product in the store will be sold out. We won't get more for months and months and months. So now is the time to take action to support the info war and get the biggest sales of the year. We've already sold out of x two and x three and bio tree selenium in our wake up America award winning coffee and now DNA force plus Vitamineral fusion bodies ultimate Tumeric formula. So many other great products like ultimate krill oil, ultimate fish oil, Basil Beach, secret 12 They are all going to sell out in the next few weeks more than next month. Again, more stuffs gonna sell out today. So every hour you wait more stuff will be sold out at Infowars store.com promo code 776 And you get an additional 10% Off you already kind savings at Infowars store.com. Thank you so much for your support. God bless.

All you have to do is check out what I'm saying. And that's why they run the fake headline against myself and Tucker Carlson everywhere every day. Jones admits he's an actor, or Tucker Carlson says nobody would take me seriously.

Where do we say that? We never said that. They just say we said that.

But where's the clip? Where's the article? Where do we say that doesn't exist? Alex Jones is playing

character. And as a performance artist Jones is playing a character on his radio show. The radio rants of Alex Jones, are just an act. He's actually a performance artist. He's a performance artist, Alex Jones is a fake. They're lying to you because they think you're stupid. It's all based on custody battle my ex wife five years ago, and she was trying to put into evidence me dressed up or that a decade before like the Joker, being sarcastic saying take your Prozac kids take your illegal drugs to you'll die. It's fun. So people wouldn't take drugs. And they wanted to enter that in evidence. They look he's insane, telling kids to use drugs. And my lawyer went when Jack Nicholson plays the part of the Joker. No one thinks that's really Jack Nicholson so yeah, when I've been Cobra Commander,

or Optimus Prime Autobots, let's roll are the Joker because I can do imitations of them all really good. Or Darth Vader? Don't act so surprised. globalist. You didn't think you could silence the American people did you?

Do I really think I'm Darth Vader. No. Do I think I'm Optimus Prime? Cobra Commander, the Joker No. And clearly, no reasonable person would think when I'm doing satire, that what I'm saying is what I really think no one believes the Babylon be. It's not trying to lie to you. It's being sarcastic. By the vaccinate the Elmo doll today. It's required by the CDC, but they play those games. And that's why I don't joke around as much as I used to. Even though I tell people okay, this is a joke. This is a serious, they clip it out. And they say no. This is what he really believes. Every day when I leave work, I do this. That man is a threat to this country. And they go look he admitted in court. He's an actor. Well, yeah, I was an actor and Scanner Darkly. I was an accurate waking life. I was an actor when I was Cobra Commander.

But it doesn't mean that Alex Jones The talk show host up here reading news articles to you isn't a real thing. And isn't something I'm actually singing you know that you're insulted right now I'm even explaining that to you. And so am I but that's who these people are. You don't know the power of the dark side?

Am I really Darth Vader?

Like Alex Jones seems really talented. He's smart. He's funny as Hell's truly funny, I'm kind of retarded.

Now that I've done those imitations, those little jokes, you now not listen to what I say about other things when I show you a powerful news article by Dr. Joseph Mercola on infowars.com that has all the side information, the latest tragedy, sudden adult Death Syndrome. No, that's a real thing. That's something happening in the real world. And that's what we're breaking down here today.

I am Alex Jones. And I am the guy on the show every day. I am an American. And that's what I promote is freedom and justice and liberty and they can't stand it

answer to 1984 277

Infowars has been banned,

arrested

attacked and threatened

because we are effective.

The Great Awakening is here. Go to fans and God video download the videos and share

support the information war at Infowars store.com.

And never give up the fight

well, yeah, he's got his masks is superhero.

I represent the bad guys. David Ickes little reptoids. So now your enemies in here hosting the show. Yeah, we got Nick point as one of my best buddies who works for us doesn't really good job. He's over there with us. Oh, now he's turning Alex yawns. So what are we going to do here? Yay. The Balaam Siaka situation he made a great point. You're in a break earlier about how they just need a new devil. That's the devil to distract from the fact that we become the devil and that's kind of what you said. Can you repeat that? Yeah, just so people making videos about it. I said, it just seems like it should

is more noise and may hamming

code read and things to get people outraged. As I said before, every form of pornography is only one is only 10 years away from pedophilia. anybody that's watching pornography if you're watching a woman have sex on camera. She's reliving the trauma of being molested like a great a majority of women that end up being strippers prostitutes overnight or pornographers, adult film stars have gone through the trauma of experienced extreme experiencing pedophilia, but sex is a legal drug that's pushed to destroy humanity. If you drive down the street and California, they will be pushing strip clubs, they're pushing alcohol, they're pushing sex. It's this is like so for people that have this moral code about pedophilia, but no moral code about strip clubs, pornography and the sex industry. It's not what the Bible says the Bible says that all of that is wrong. So Jesus said so or Jesus said no, that's when we just need to follow me ask you this one about world population. The global said there's too many people. They want to sterilize us they want to promote transgenderism or depopulate. Us. Do you think that that's accurate? Or I mean, what do you think the New World Order and its overall agenda? I believe so I'm more of a gut feeling person. Like I said, I'm the battering ram. And you guys had a SWAT team to come in afterwards and then give the information. God has people different kinds of

different kinds of warriors, different heights, different mindsets, different colors.

And our collective agenda needs to be to serve God and what we do and he's here to do that I'm gonna have an open free debate

would you say I'm sorry can't do that and we don't have an open free debate. And that's what we have God brought it brought us here you created this platform the info worth are heard about the legend of Alex Jones from this lady named Tracy Romulus Tracy Quinn, who is faking like a Christian is really you know what much love to Tracy Romulus and Tracy grant because this type of person I will sue I'm just gonna say I prefer that person that the next to my children. So much love and Jesus God bless your family. I would prefer that that person be not next to my children. Next person next subject. Well on C Agha though you were gonna, just overall what do you guys obviously you with a lot of fashion brands. Now the stuffs come out. It's almost like they did this on purpose as a PR stunt. I think so. You know, I'm friends with the head designer.

And I believe that it was a setup. I think it was a hit job. And now all of a sudden, everyone is so outraged and focused on Balenciaga. But then we're still aborting our kids. We're still fornicating we're still

we're still killing each other. We're still listening to music that promotes that. But all we don't we don't wear Balenciaga now. You shut the hell up, you know, saying at the end of the day, what are you doing yet throwing stones all my god, but you know, our moral code, we just, we just cheated on our wives. We just we just fornicated we just had three songs. We just bought some sex on Instagram, we just sold some sex. We use sex to sell a product, but we don't like Balenciaga Shut up. Shut up. I'm throwing the tablets right now. Shut up. Instagram is about prostitution. And everyone involved in any version of the sex business. It's as bad as the pedophile. So everyone shut up. Yeah.

I'm listening. Yeah. So I'm thinking of all the 1000s of topics. We've covered limited time we have as you're about to get on a plane and go back to another state and do some new stuff. What else is on your radar? Because there's a lot What do you think about the Ukraine war? What does he want the devaluation dollar? What does he want to FTX and Bitcoin? And there's so many topics, Nick?

Well, yeah, in terms of Ukraine and Russia, I haven't really seen so much of that in the news. I'm, of course pro Putin. I'm very pro Russia. I am also let's go. Yeah. You know, you see that this is just an extension of the United States neocon establishment New World Order type stuff. Does Putin say about America's value system? So he said in his speech when he annexed those two breakaway provinces in the annex, the Donbass he said in his speech that we have totally abandoned traditional values traditional faith, and that we've actually embraced full on Satanism. And he's totally right. And what's true America is embracing Satanism. Yeah. And but Jesus is alive. And these things are gonna pull. It's a movement. God, the devil is a defeated foe. We're not even gonna speak any of that into existence. God runs the world, and it's freedom fighters.

For Christ like us today that are going to stop it right now and say we got to start here, each one of us, we are the church. We are the priests of our homes, all the men's are the priests of the homes, and everyone is the body of Christ. And we start here sin, it's like we're a glass of water. And sin is like throwing acid and use plastic and stepped on bugs in a glass, and then you want to pour some water in, and it tastes it tastes bad. So what you want to, you want to cover it with alcohol flavor, or with some food coloring, or with a sexy outfit or something. And then you want to just keep on drinking that sin and not understand why your stomach is hurting in the morning. And I know as a recovering alcoholic, that, you know, a cure for a hangover is another drink. And that's basically what we've been doing. We're all orphans of doubling down. We're Yeah, we're orphans of capitalism. So when we talk about the ideas that we have for the newer version, The Amended Constitution that me and Nick are rewriting and working on right now. And the ideas of purifying our system because we need will and expertise. Well, it's talking about that your say you're gonna run for president 2024. I'm not. Alex, you're really good at stating things in a way that you get you sued. So no, I thought you've done it. You're announcing for President right? No, I'm not announcing.

Alex, love you love you love you what I'm saying with the conversation that we're having about a possible 2024 Walk and a victory at the office.

America, I'm putting

everything on the line for the truth, to bring you a cleaner system. Our system has been dirtied and muddied and destroyed. I am not the old, I am not the most knowledgeable Christian. And I'm not the most knowledgeable politician. But I am truthful. I'm nobody's heart. And I believe that what I was trying to get to is what is your platform? And you text me your platform, it makes a lot of sense. Well, it's it starts here with the Bible. And we're gonna work through this with our designers. We're gonna approach America, like Steve Jobs, jobs approach Apple, we are the youngest startup in history, but with the world power, because of our military, and mainly because of our naval force. And it shows how smart and how powerful Americans are the engineering the sheer engine, and we invented Apple, we have the strongest military. And now we have to take that same type of sensibility. Take it out of Wall Street's hands, and give it to the people that engineering mind that created the tramps that made Disney that made Pixar that made Lucas Films that made apple that engineering mind, these minds that we have need are going to be brought together to cure America and then we will influence the rest of the world into higher consciousness and into peace. And I agree, we were given that birthright and somehow it's been lost. We'll talk about that. And after you leave soon, we're gonna have oh and everybody else and myself. Stay here and continue on and take calls as long as you stay at I gotta go soon. But I wanted to bring it on shore and Ali Alexander, who helped get you here for they're taking any questions they've got for you, because you guys have great questions. Great comments on Owen Shroyer and Ollie Alexander. I will. I'll hold my questions for you later, because I kind of want to come in because we have a lot of eyes on this transmission right now. And there's a lot of people sharing their opinions on the internet with this right now. And so I kind of just want to, you know, I just want to take a step back and just say, Look, we're in a difficult realm with what we're doing here today trying to balance fun and seriousness, because we are serious people. We have serious missions and goals. But we also want to have fun, we don't want to hate life. We want to enjoy life and we want other people to enjoy life. And when I see the response on the internet, from the haters, and the people getting angry today, I'm just I'm just a little perturbed. Let yeas speak. Let the man speak. You may not agree with what he has to say. But why don't you want him to speak? I don't get it. Same thing with Alex Jones. Why don't you want Alex to speak? What is wrong with you? Why are you so angry? Why are you so serious all the time? If you don't like what they say tune it out. But here's what gets me Alex. This is what this is what bothers me. It's bothered me with the attacks on you over the years. It bothers me with the attacks we see on eBay today. Whether you agree with everything he said or disagree with everything he said, let's get our priorities straight here. Okay. If you're upset with what Kanye West has said today is Jane reminded

me yeah, let me let me let me correct that Yeah. If you're upset with anything yay has said here today. Yay. Is not the person in Chicago shooting people every night teenagers innocent people dying. Yay is not the person in DC in Congress selling this country out for decades. Yay. Is not the person with Big Pharma that's killed millions of people with their products. It's all come out in court that still has influenced to mandate their products on the people. That's not yet

A yay is not the one that's lying us into wars where millions of people die and trillions get spent. So for all the backlash, all the huffing and puffing that we're gonna see from this interview in the next 48 hours, you're all clowns. You're all clowns. If this interview upsets you, your priorities are so out of whack. And I don't even think you have the capability to enjoy life anymore. And you need to take a serious look and reflection in their good free will. They're against free open discussion, which shows they're evil. And anyone going along with censoring somebody speech is a fraud an enemy of the people, but we are the people are not evil. It's Satan. That controls that people's inputs, demonic blocks, so when you see the truth in front of you, you can't even hold the truth. Like it's demonic blocks. I can go to Kim and say, hey, put your family first. You have someone who loves you put us first put your children's first and as demonic blocks, tear bringing her into traumatic

you know everything however, she was pushed into the sex tape she's pushed into saying that she had sex with Pete Davidson in front of a fireplace. Hulu does not love you Kim Disney does not love you, Kim come home Kim come home to Christ. Go to God go to Jesus because you say and you might not ever get or marry somebody Great. Go Go marry Tom Brady, whatever you want to do, but get married and use your platform as an influence to keep families together don't let the devil use you and those people that are out there mad at the ability for us to say things for consciousness. We have to I have to think okay, white lives matter. I'm gonna do a T shirt. I'm gonna make it you understand what could culture is controlled by the Zionist media making people mad outrage going out in the street we're so outraged but you're not doing anything yourself to change it and follow God and follow Christ. We haven't said anything against the word of God today. God says love everyone. So if I say I love the Zionist that that cancel my account, then I can say I love I did not consent. I do love Hitler. I do love the Zionist I love everyone the Zionist cannot tell me who I can love and that love I don't think like that I think more like someone that's on the spectrum since that's what they want to claim. Well let me be on the spectrum of love because Latasha good t shirt. I love him to bar that's the bar joking.

I love I love Zionist. I love Zionist. We love everyone who's saying love humanity. It's time getting past labels. It's learning Love is the key. Everyone's promoting this loathing and it's time to promote love. God, I hear you. Let's bring in Ali Alexander who helped get this done. Ali, I've known you for years. But this is quite the broadcast. This is definitely so far in 2022 the biggest broadcast the year. This is it. Yeah, don't put this on me bit Ricky Bobby.

That's right. You're not first you're last Come on. Ali. You're on here. Give us your take on No, no. I mean, I this is great. Look, I love everybody on screen and I love them. And I like them. And I frankly I endorse them. And I think that what Owen said is absolutely right. It's like you can look at this interview. And you can be triggered you know, you can engage your ego and say yay endorsed genocide when he did it. You can look at this broadcast and say Nicholas Winchester is a 2324 year old you know secret dog whistling kk k Nazi. But that's also not the case. You could say that Alex Jones and Owen Shroyer are actually platforming hate, but that's not what's going on at all. And I think what's powerful about this broadcast, I really think that we're making narrative history is that we're breaking the Overton window, the Republican establishment sold us out conservative movement. So that's out the churches, they closed. So when we looked for leadership on the right, there was none. Okay, when Owen Shroyer got charged when Ali Alexander got sued and investigated, Alex, when you got sued, do we get a call from our Lago saying, Hey, I'm a billionaire. And I want to I want to help fund what you guys have been through for me? No, we didn't. So here we are left with the last option on Infowars, the home of the resistance, and we're a bunch of pseudo celebrities with one celebrity saying, Okay, well then we're just gonna break the chessboard. We're getting off your chessboard because it is rigged. It's rigged by Lucifer. It's rigged by the satanists. It is rigged by the Jewish mafia. And people don't want to say that it's rigged by the Marxist and the leftists, and all of these people, and it's actually frankly, rigged by people who would, you know, betray Christ within the church, the apostates. So I think that this broadcast should encourage everybody to take everyone else just at their word, only use what they're saying, taken in good faith and in the best light and stop relying on the ADL and the SPLC or Twitter Trent. In fact, Elon should get rid of Twitter trends. There shouldn't be editorial little comments. Well,

number one, they took it off but bigger than that, what about the biomedical mafia? The Big Pharma

It's the king daddy with the central banks. Yes, mildly concerned about just about certain other elites. How about the big corporate elites? It all links up on one agenda yet.

Jesus runs the world. Ilan is the foot Alex Jones back on the platform, because I don't agree with someone that doesn't believe in Christ saying, You're cool. You're cool. You're cool. Now you and this is my friend, right? This is my boy. But we can agree to disagree, right? But it's still his platform is up to him. But also, I'm not a person that's gonna say, Hey, I agree with everything. There's things that I said today, that you guys don't agree with, because you're not in the same place are in the same position in your walk that I'm at. I'm in a position where I love the person who the doctor that had plastic surgery on my mom, I always have been in a way where it's, I can't hate. I am recent, your mother was sacrificed. Can you elaborate on that? Yeah, I believe that Michael Jordan's dad was sacrificed, I believe, did some happen with Tiger Woods. My mom, these are all Zionist sacrifices that happen. But this is Satan. At the end of the day. There's a lot of people that feel like we're at the end of days. And Jesus runs the world. God runs the world. Jesus is the real king of Israel. And I'm just a simple servant of of God. I'm not a math man. You said white lives matter. But you know, the UN, I'm gonna put words here as you understood it. They're trying to demonize white people to create a crisis. And for us to fight with each other. That was very troubling, all lives matter that you want even stronger, instead of white lives matter. You got criticized for that. you elaborate on that? Yeah, I thought that I thought that that was my right. I felt that I just exercise rights that are only given to whites. A white person can wear a t shirt that says black lives matter. But for black person to wear a t shirt that says white lives matter. That somehow makes me racist. So I love just going up and saying, Hey, what do you think about this? What about that? And if we don't use if we don't use our consciousness, they're trying to beat us into our consciousness and make us ignorant. They want to dumb us down. And I'm probably the lowest IQ here of anyone speaking. And I'm saying, Say out loud, what we feel we would no longer be ran by the idea of fake influence and celebrities. I didn't mean to interrupt you. Oh, no, no, hold on. Alex, don't interrupt me. I didn't. I didn't ask every celebrity. I didn't ask every celebrity I ever stood next to God bless you. And you notice the Christian word of what I really want to say. Any celebrity only celebrity that I rock with is re J literally every every one of y'all others. Y'all all saw come see me when y'all want to see me. Every fake gangster so called killer, any basketball player, any rapper, any actress, any musician, any model any editor, come see me come see God's child right now. Please. I want it I want I want to see my mama, you know, saying you can't touch and Jesus name baby. I was gonna say this though. I don't want to be clear.

You see as the lowest IQ anybody here I'm not kissing your ash. Yeah, that's not true. There's different types. IQ, just one test. It's one thing. There's, there's there's cultural IQ. There's mathematical, there's spiritual. There's, there's there's there's economics. Avants. There's art salons. And I can tell you I'm an idiot savant. That's a French word doesn't mean I'm actually an idiot. It means that I don't know a lot of stuff, but things I know. I know. Like, I don't even get into it, folks. But it's, it's ridiculous. Okay, I wake up

cardio, so and I can tell you what time the clock is gonna say for I look at it, that little weird thing I can do. The point is, is that is that is that there's savant that actually bring the world to the next level. And I think people need to take that for what it is. I wouldn't call you autistic, but you are have a savant ish thing about you. And I think that's a positive and a negative. Nick, you want to say anything? You want to say anything all your own, and Fabio? Yeah, yeah, I want to say this, you know, this is a story that that yeh shared, I'm not even gonna ask permission because he said, He's nobody's hard drive. So I'm nobody's hard drive. You know, yeah, I was hanging out with Elon, and Elon was sitting there and they were under a rocket launch. And Elon says to yay, you know, you have the highest EQ. So there's also the EQ. And what I think Yang is talking about is like, we've assembled a powerful group of Avengers, we have different experiences, different expertise. We, in fact, even interpret information differently, but we've all got a superpower and we've got to contribute it to taking down the permit state, the deep state the globalists, whatever anybody wants to call this, you know, this group that's running us this depopulation group. We've got to you know, rage war against the machine. If everybody rushes to get canceled, they can cancel none of us

So I think that today, again, is a historic day in which it's not about agreement. It's an agreement and disagreement against them. No, either. I agree that this is about saying free speech is sacrosanct. And if you disagree with something, it should be celebrated instead of demonizing. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, let me let me interrupt here. And Nick is actually the person who's talked best about this. And this is where I think that like Laura Loomer, who is a Zionist Jew, conservative, and patriot, and then you who are kind of libertarian or conservative terian and Owens kind of conservative and would disagree with Nick and I, you know, might be more of the Catholic tradition, we would totally support blasphemy laws. Totally. You know, and I don't wanna speak for him. But you know, what Nick points out is that you have to have a right to dissent that is way more powerful than, you know, move free speech, where we're actually rigging the system to have what yeah, he's talking about Instagram, and we're gonna come right back to you in a moment. Yeah, he wants me to tweet on his giant with 35 million viewers. 36. Yeah, we're gonna have Alex Jones. Put out from my Twitter. Hi, Ari Emanuel. How's it going? How's how's your wife's clothing line? Here? Let's do an overhead shot here. Please, guys, so I can do this. I haven't tweeted so long. I don't remember how this works. You guys want a red shot for me? All right, so this is a yeas phone here. And I just want to say I love

love lop the Jews

say that it's true. I do love them

first as you say amendment AMT was the abbreviation

AMD T I think not sure. Yeah, I got it. I love the First Amendment.

Long

live

yay. Got to capitalize that though.

All right, I'm gonna tweet that I love the First Amendment Long live Yay. I hope no, no, no, no, we're gonna pray no hoping we pray. I pray

pray Ilan.

Elan is for real no pray to God that to Ilan pray that God I pray to god I agree I pray to Jesus Christ Jesus Christ say his name there's power there's strength in the name

Jesus I pray to Jesus that that Elon is for real What is What do you mean by for real what does that mean for real about what the more it's trying to free up the internet right that the fact that you want I believe Jesus

that an Apple doesn't deep platform Elon for freeing the internet I hope he's for real no fray that Apple doesn't deep platform Elon for free and then for he just met with him he says he's not

a doctor dot dot. I love the First Amendment Long live ye. I pray to Jesus that Ilan is for real. Bam. I'm back on Twitter.

There you go. Give it to him. Now he got about 35 million or whatever it is followers. This is great ideas are out of man. Yeah, I have a few good ideas. I believe let me talk for a second. Don't cut me off. I have a few good ideas. I have ideas that surpass the idea of just being a black face for the Trump administration. Just being Elon is cool friend at a concert. I actually have real ideas Tim Cook, actually have real ideas. And I get marginalized and to these places. And I understand people are afraid of the truth, the best EQ on the planet. When I went to people like David Simon and Jamie Salter, and all these Jewish businessman, they would offer me things like hey, we'll give you one store. And I got frustrated. I got frustrated with the gap with adidas being held back and people act like they're going to help you but they really control you like how Jamie Salter control Shaquille O'Neal or the NBA to control Shaquille O'Neal and this has nothing no knock to our brother. All black people feel the way I feel but nobody wants to go broke no one else can take a $2 million hit and still have $400 million. You know, so that's God putting me in a position to be able to fight battles that other people can't fight. But the people the real people, they're standing up there talking the problem How can anybody disagree with this? It's awesome. There you go. All right now we got Ali Alexander and everybody's hunched over the tweet name and basic What are you tweeting? Let's see. How about this? We should have the camera over there guys. I know it's hard but yeah, about Christ is king. America first.

What else? Yes. The New World Order. No, no, no death. That's That's God's battle. Let me politically okay. Yes, a little self serving no visit of horrors.

I come

Alex Jones is right I just I liked I liked the Infowars part actually about groper as well you're growing per thing but also say don't visit infowars.com

Right Bert? Okay, I'll tag myself. There we go. He's posting Infowars he tells you to I put what he puts on Jesus should I voted for us for don't visit infowars.com Don't visit no yes to all the way that you as a master of the universe, the way that you push ideas forward is all positive affirmations. I'm glad that billions of you are going to visit Infowars billions are going to visit them Ferrari and Manuel if your wife needs any help or creative direction for a line I will gladly help you even though you tried to destroy my life. I will help your wife on the creative direction and I will not do anything on Christian when we're in the room together. And Jesus name our if you want me to help your wife with her line, I'm here. Okay, what do you put out we're gonna put on screen I put out Christ is King America first ROI paper and then I put eautiful bible.com Beautiful. Did you put the info war thing? Yeah, he did. It's good that I'll get my heart attack. I go Ali Alexander. What are you going to tweet from? Yes, Twitter. I don't mind. I'm gonna I'm gonna get this real quick. Yeah, I like anytime you're just flying over one land come on the show. But do it once a week? Yeah, I think I think I'm gonna write about the J six victims. I think that we should think about yay. Did more. We got to Oh, yeah, we got to care. So yay. did more than the Republican establishment than the conservative establishment. My chair, my chair. Oh, I'll be back in two minutes. Take a pass right. I'm listening.

So yay, did more than the Republican establishment in the conservative movement to highlight the due process abuses and the torture and Lord Could you stop calling while we're live on air? I mean, my God girl yeah, she's on the spectrum today. So she's got that you know, but I think that we need to talk about the J six victims so let's all caps investigate the civil rights

and due

process

violations of the J six

political

political

prisoners

Why were the only people killed unarmed protesters

that day?

Free Alex.

Free. Nick.

Nicholas, free speech free speech

and free Ollie.

Boom, bye. Bye.

Whom by Yeah.

Yeah, it's no I don't know if that's it. Ducking autocorrect

sweet. There we go. Do we get the overhead of that? Let's get the team to get the camera. Get the camera. I love the crew. I love the crew. But get the camera zoom in. And that's what I want mask the mask? Yeah. I miss you.

Oh, you want me to redo the skit?

All right. I love this crew. But you know sometimes. Sometimes it could just be stubborn. Julian overhead shot. deal man overhead shot. I'm sorry. I'm just a retard.

We love out. Let's do this.

We got to do this time. Thank you very much. Ollie only go back to Owen Quicken. welcome Sarah as long as he wants but he's got a lot of big stuff going on. A great idea. How can folks meet up? Allegedly? What else you want to tweet? Yeah, who knows? Maybe Kanye what? Maybe yeh was never here.

It's never disrespect when I call you Kanye. I've just been calling you that for 15 years. So I was like, Oh, my You know, my brother or someone named they changed his name. But uh, yeah, he's even better. And it's definitely taken taken hold like it's awesome name. But But But seriously, yeah. What else you want to tweet out to folks is everything right now is going super mega total viral. What is your message to Trump right now?

What's your message to the Sanders right now? I don't know who DeSantis is. I never heard of the guy.

No, I hear you all the leads back into Santas gives me a lot of concern. Exactly. That's what I'm trying to say. It's like we love Trump. We love yay.

That's right. Yeah, no, I'm with you TA and Trump and anybody gone for DeSantis or McCarthy? That's just not the energy. That's not the vibe that's not Maga. That's not Jesus energy. That's not dragon energy. So and I like what you said about people need to just put it all on the line and finally tell the truth. That's

The problem here's the bottom line, you're not a white supremacist. I've heard you I've seen your show. You love everybody, you stand up for white people. Everybody should stand up for themselves everybody else. It's a load of crap that you're a white supremacist. True yeah and I use you help roundup Jews like George Soros No. Okay, well, then I don't hear anything. Yeah, I don't hear anything from the ADL or anybody else. But for the ADL, I want to say there's a lot of good Nazis that were just fighting for the country and for them, or George Soros, or do for them all to get put in a box. They're all in a box. Every Nazis bad. Will could some of the Nazis have just been fighting for their country. Oh, there. We can't, we can't put it all in a box. Now, you're explaining that like you said, You love the Zionist you don't agree with some of the things you're doing even though you don't support a lot of what's happening. Syria. So I've really studied a lot of history plus, I had family that was there. And so I mean, I don't think Hitler was a good guy. I get the Hugo Boss uniforms. Amazing. But I mean, just because you're in love with the design your designer, can we just kind of say like you liked it. You liked the uniforms, but that's about all we know. I'd say. There's a lot of things that I love about Hitler. A lot of things. Hey, none What did you think about that net? And

this is insane. You're insane person? How could you say sir? It's okay. Let me ask you you like the A's OG Metallica, they openly Heil Hitler. They're the leftovers of World War Two. They support Zelinsky and attacking Russia. So you liked the A's on Italian? Idol. love every one. Well, my point is you weren't involved with Hitler. You didn't do anything. So having the ADL say anybody that opposes communism in the New World Order is a Nazi. Well, you kind of get what you give, you know, no one no one cares about the ADL. They're played out. Jesus in that regard. They were they ran Twitter the last week. They don't run anything. No one knows the eight. No one cares. They're played out. Look at people have had a problem. Look at Clockwork Orange. There's a part where a Jewish guy makes the guy kiss the shoe and he says kiss the liquid kiss the Jew. Like people have had issues with Jewish people forever. But what I'm saying is I love Jewish people. I loved you as we're talking about Stanley Kubrick but the War Room background up there.

You'll see Clockwork Orange is about Jews. Absolutely. Look at it. I thought about a collapsing Stanley Kubrick was a Jew. Oh, wow. I know his daughter. He was a great guy. Yeah.

So I mean, he made Dr. Strangelove. I mean, I gotta be honest with you. I I see incredible literature and art and music and just so many so much great stuff Jews do just like I see some of the great things black people do or any other group. Like your Beethoven's German. I don't blame Beethoven for Hitler. And I believe in free speech we ship out vogner

Well, they demonize vogner Because only as Hitler like or Adi Dassler or Hugo Boss. We have all this demonization. We don't care anymore. ADL obviously. No one cares. Shut up. No one cares. Jesus king Shut up. It's done. Tomorrow. It's all done next day. You know German cars do break down and cost a lot of money to fix. Germans make really good cars.

Japanese make better ones.

Germans had a really cool leader one time. Oh my god. This. I drive mainly American cars. But when it comes to company cars, it's a couple Toyota because the damn things don't break. I mean is ridiculous. You know what I mean? The Japanese bitch to the globalist groups. They want to make lightbulbs go 100 years they want to make cars never break. You know, they can do that. The Japanese are pissed like that. That's that's why they've not so good for electric cars. They go these don't work. It takes more carbon. Why are you doing this? That's what needs to be broken. You get I'm saying it's like, I want to say with Ben Shapiro. He was so disrespectful to his employee, Candace Owens for speaking out against me. And that just shows you another level of this kind of control that's out there. No, I agree. I like Candace. She has a lot of courage. He's a really smart, beautiful lady. He's really defended you. But I mean, are you saying Ben Shapiro has got her on a leash?

I think it's pretty obvious.

You know, as our Paul Watson, we didn't launch her she deserved it, but implores launch Candace Owens. Yes. But every one is still controlled by the Jewish media. We need to serve Christ. First. Christ first everyone period trial, what would you say the Jewish media let me just read a real world example. I'm not this. I'm

Powell. We met Matt Drudge once he came here hung out a few hours and went to dinner. He's Jewish. I never asked for anything. He never told me what to do. He only sent a few emails here and there to writers saying, hey, you know, when you break something, email it to me. And he was a Jewish guy that totally helped us get to the next level. We would have been successful without him, but he like supercharged and then suddenly he flips the other side, never talked to him again. And his websites like a Democrat hellscape but I'm just saying it's like I've known a lot of Jews in my life. And I didn't have the Hollywood experience you had

I actually all the Jews in my life overall were were very nice people. So I'm saying I'm actually tired of hearing about the Jews like I love them. Honestly, I don't even care that much. You know what we spent the last three out two hours talking about them. Because it's fun. It's fun, didn't want to hear about it we want to talk about because being cancelled is fun because we're showing you guys the extent that you can go right, because everything at this point that you do proves my point. Watch this. If I say DEF CON three, and then you cancel all of my deals. You proved exactly why I needed to go DEF CON. No, no, I agree with what you said. Let me stop here. Because Dave Chappelle Alex Alex. God, that'd be channel alright. Channel. All right. If if if I and Dave Chappelle works with the Jews anyway, so if I say, now I forgot what I had to say, let me meditate. Let me get into a place I'm sorry. I love you, brother, Jesus king.

If I say if I go on its interview, and I say, I love Hitler. And then they go and 5150 me and try to lobotomize me like we saw Harley Pasternak do or they put me in prison. It just proves what I'm saying. And it's going to spark the high schools, it's going to spark the grammar school is going to spark the colleges that say, enough is enough. It doesn't matter how on the spectrum you think I am, I have the right to speak out loud. That is our First Amendment. And it's a shame that you have to be considered to be on the spectrum to have enough courage to speak out loud. I do love my family, right? But I looked at every possible outcome. I practice Chinese water torture on myself, I would I would like skip for long Malibu in front of my house and sing when the clay ends come to kill me. How is it going to be? What are they going to do to kill me? Wait a second net? And what do you have to say about this? Now you don't want to say nothing.

What I'm trying to get at here is yay.

That I don't think the father of the future revolution against tyranny is Hitler. Hitler said a coming man was coming. It would be the next Hitler that would destroy the New World Order and the whole system he wanted his own new world order he thought would come out of America. You know about Hitler and his coming, man. No, I don't know about that.

But what we have to understand you should not want to be Hitler's coming man. I didn't say I was I don't I don't really care that much about Hitler. I love them seems like you just do it as a winner like a troll. I seems like a cool guy. You know, it's like he

you know, it's like he had a really cool outfit and stuff and he was a really good architect. And so you're in love with the with the with the with the architect the look of it, and he didn't kill 6 million Jews that's just like factually incorrect that I was get the Ronald Reagan clip they show me. Sorry, go ahead. Ronald Reagan said that. Well, I think Hitler did target and kill some people. I think, you know, I think Obama killed Palestinians. No, I hear you here. Here's where I think the frustration is. And Nikki, you comment on this. And Obama was not the first black president. He was another Jewish president. Americans are tired of hearing that we're Hitler. And that we did bad things when we defeated Hitler. And that's my biggest not say his name anymore. Only say Christ's name moving forward. Like, I'm tired of hearing I'm a Nazi. I'm really because I'm not.

But I think by them falsely accusing people, some people are gonna become that I Am. I Am. Now what I am not what now? I'm a Nazi. rbma Well, isn't that what it said? Because this is the day you're doubling down. Look, Alex, I'd love you to not cut this rant and rant on your life right here. Okay, so we're in America, we get our history stolen from us. And we're all made to slaves. The Native Americans and the ones brought over on Jewish slave boats. Right? And then we're so called free but we're never free. And we're Republican, but then we're turned to Democrats at the MLK JFK time, right? And we're told we're black and they're made songs. I said, Say it loud, say it loud. I'm black and

I'm black and I'm proud and then crack came and then rappers started saying What's up my nigga? I'm a nigga you niggas okay, I'm a nigga then. I'm gonna wait a second. I thought nigga was bad a second go. Nah, nigga is fine. That's what the Feds told us to call ourselves and then even Beyonce we never thought she called herself a bitch. Missy said hey, I'm a bitch. Everyone says invit Okay, now are black women are bitches. So we're bitches and niggas now right? I'm a nigga your pitch. I've even said this in my raps. So I wake up and I look at the look at my phone and they say gays are anti semitic. So I said, Okay, well, I'm an anti semitic. No, you said you're you said I'm an anti semitic get it. You understand what I'm saying?

Bring in the clowns

there

We'll be clowns. I'll tell you what let's play that Frank Sinatra clip for a minute. Let's get Owen Shroyer and Ollie to have some comments, final comments here. Are you going to push that jet back and you gotta get out of here?

I gotta get out of here. They already pushed the jet back tried to stop us from getting here the first time Nick, can you tell them what happened? No, no tell him about to Yeah, we had to have the plane turn around mid air because there was a issue

there was some issue with the plane, they said that it happened before? No, that was the first time it happened with me. But we were up in the air 20 minutes out and then there was some kind of big alarm. We had to turn the plane around and land. And yeh said, Oh, you're he's not even gonna believe me said Alex isn't gonna believe me, because I guess it didn't happen the first time to get the show together. Yes. So but that last time we had it? Yeah, yeah. So there was some seal on the door that was broken. And so we don't want to depressurize the cabin. Yeah. Now we wanted to go down safely, not like you know, crashing a mountain or something. So which I'm not afraid of whatever way you guys want to choose to.

You know, take me out or whatever. I'm not afraid anything. I'm only afraid of God. One thing I want to say to all you guys is

no one still stepped up other than Jon Stewart to say, hey, he was upset about the practices, the contracts are still not changed. So you could do whatever you want to do and say whatever you want about me. We don't like his mask. We don't like everyone likes the jacket. Of course everyone loves a jacket, right? You can say whatever you want about me. You could distract us with his Balenciaga kind of conversation. You could distract us with all of these Volk ideas, you can choose your superheroes, like, Oh, we're going to choose

George Floyd, instead of the MLK this week we're going to choose of GAVI and Lizzo instead of the Beyond says, you can try to create the narrative of God runs the world and the people are tired of that. People, all the athletes, all of the celebrities, what I'm saying is I love you guys. Also, I understand you're all scared. I understand why you don't want to get your bank accounts frozen. I get it. I love you. I'm not listening to none of y'all because you're all scared and you notice the more they pressure whatever the issue is, the more causes is this Let's Play two minutes of Frank Sinatra bringing the clowns that a final comment from Ali Alexander final comment from a shorter final caller from everybody here and the good news is you're 10 miles from the airport setting your flight was a tube you can push it back we've got yay in here with us and the clouds

stop later this

opening door

fine

not I

was

making my hand since again with my usual flat

sure my life

no one is there

Don't you love the Fosse

my fault I feel

I thought that you would want what I want sorry my dear.

But when

the clown

send in the cloud

don't bother

is it it really?

Is it it quit

losing my timing this late in my career.

When

the cloud

there are two V cloud

maybe next Yi

must also

Info Wars the most banned network in the world

All right, yeah, he's gotta go soon. It's escaped from Austin. I want him to sign up. Let's go back to Laura Loomer here for a second but please sign my tweet you let me send out brother who you know I want to sign a DEF CON one two though. Please print me a DEF CON.

That DEF CON was that Christ that you know signing that one? Alright.

Let Laura Luma say what you got to say I have to leave soon.

Laura, do you guys live on Oregon? Yes, we're live Laura. Watch the internet. Oh, hey, look for Elon Musk. You know, I don't know if he's watching or not. But, you know, I'm telling on Elon Musk to restore the accounts of everybody who was banned. He said this week that he was going to give an amnesty to all the accounts that were banned. So I would like my account back I think that you should get your account back. I think that next one doesn't Alisha get their accounts back and also, you know, for the people that are texting me and calling me right now saying, Oh, you're Jewish? How could you not, you know, call out yay for his comments about Jews and Hitler today? I'm not going to tell yea what he's allowed to think I'm not going to tell you what he's allowed to say. I'm a free speech absolutist and if you cannot understand, right, but this is about free speech, this is about combating canceled culture and standing up against the censors and the canceled culture movement, then I don't really want to talk to you. And this is more than just you know, somebody being Jewish somebody being Christian, this is about the truth and fighting for free speech. So I just want to say that you know, I'm here to fight to make sure that Jay has a right to say what he wants to say. Even as a Jewish woman because free speech is greater than all of us. This is what we're fighting for together. That's right and we lose that we lose everything okay, hit you back a little bit. I love you. Thank you. Well that piece of paper again. Now I want to photograph it and put this version of it online

and you got to leave in like 10 minutes so I want I want to play I gotta leave in nine minutes but it's okay you got to leave now minutes my way. But real quick Ali Alexandra first I want to show you but you're going to come up in like an hour 3pm Central the warmth will have highlights of this everything of a postgame here but other comments? Well, I'll not give my whole plethora here I'll save some of that time for the War Room coming up in an hour so that I'll Lee can speak to but you know, one quick thing all these people out there saying oh yeah, he's lost his mind. Yeah, he's lost his mind again. Check yourselves we have. We are mutilating children and calling them trans kids and calling it gender affirming. Surgery. No. Yay has not lost his mind. You have we have men claiming they can get pregnant. No yay has not lost his mind. You have we have now opened sex trafficking happening at the southern border and the White House forcing Border Patrol to be the final ushers in of the unaccompanied us to their pimps. No yay has not lost his mind. We all have for this going on. Now. When yeh talks about wearing the white lives matter shirt. And really this is what we're doing here today to its culture jamming. That's what we're doing. Oh, you can wear black lives matter shirt, but you can't wear white lives matter. We're ramming their own culture down their throat and we're finding out that they don't like it. Same thing with this interview today. We believe in free speech whether we agree with what each other are saying or not. We believe in their right to say it's an exercise of us showing we're here we have our own platform and the Internet number one story hands down in the world right now is this broadcast because people want free speech great point 62nd closing comment oh and then next point has been Alexander the new well I would say I don't I don't think the story here with EA should be about anti semitism or Nazis or any of that. To me the human interest story is they're fine but but yeah, I think about what you can do with your platform right now because they want to make that the issue. Most people say that

world I'm talking about everybody watching this right now. That's fine. We want we want yay to expose the corruption the secrets to societies like you've been doing. We want you to pull the curtain back on Hollywood. pull the curtain back on Balenciaga pull the curtain back on none of it synchrony sacrosanct, everybody should be able to criticize.

I'll cover the rest of my comments later today on the war room. I got a lot. I want to make sure Ali gets a final count.

And here before he leaves, here's one more question the crew head. What about your personal training saying your personal trainer saying we'll put you in a it turned out he was in secret government operations and mind control Canada admitted him saying I'll put you in a mental institution for life. We don't shut up. I mean, I get why you're pissed. You're not going to be dominated.

Exactly. You know, I've expressed myself and I've expressed myself calmly, and no one's scared anymore. You guys have beat me to a pope. But I'm still alive.

And now I'm not afraid. You can't threaten me. You could call me crazy. You could take the money. You could take all the supermodels. And don't take the supermodels.

Hey, sometimes a waitress is better than a supermodel.

So,

but Jesus is King. And I love everyone. This is love speech. Ari. This is love speech. In Jesus name. The real king of Israel. Jesus Christ. This is love speech. I love Jewish people. I love super models. I

wait a second. Let's see what Netten loves.

You love that point US Army Hitler.

I never had a supermodel. Yeah, could tell.

All right, well, you're gonna leave here in a few minutes. You're gonna think gosh, I wish I would have said that. So what do you wish you would have said? I think I said a lot. I think I said a lot. You know, I think it's

pretty

good. Did you retweet a little sign picture? Yes, I did, sir. All right, info. wars.com. tomorrow's news today. Whoever stand behind is going to be here and be on air. We're going to unpack all this obviously and cover it in every issue. But yeah. Do you think humanity survives? What do you make of the mark of the beast, the force COVID inoculations. I mean, this, this is a wave in the right direction.

Why did you think you were able to do three hours here? You just did three hours, three minutes, by the way, or no, no, no, you had done three hours, three minutes. Why were you able to stay here but not what Tim Poole because Tim Poole got the call from those boys 10 minutes before I got there and said slack this and flag that also Tim Poole is the NPC you know, and you're a real real human being so no one's ever heard of Tim Poole you know you're the legend that is Alex Jones. And you were fighting on the frontline and now we're here with you got some other superheroes part of the Avenger movie fighting for Christ and free speech. And I called it I said, What is this a superhero thing with the mask? He said, Yeah, but don't say it. They'll figure it out. But I was saying I'm Lex Luthor. What what is the new EA superhero we're talking about? It's it's someone in service of Jesus Christ and added to his own ego. And that I have my rights. You know, I had the right to wear a mask for the entire I had the right to wear a super super super fresh jacket. You know, I had the right to tell God. Please don't take away the supermodels. And just fun to marry one. You know, I can I can say this is I've only ever seen you in concert. My daughter has big fan. I'm a fan a lot of your music, but I've never seen you in person and you don't look a little on screen. But you don't look like a really big guy. But in person. I'm a stocky guy. I'm kind of small compared to you. You're built like a brick. You know what else? And you're you're tall, pretty tall too. So I don't think people have been around a year in person. You know, just, it's interesting. And you're a handsome guy in person. I wish you weren't wearing that damn mask. That's the vision. But you won't give us what we want. You won't show us your face the end? Absolutely not. That kind of kills.

People it was a young person who was never here.

Ah. We never know. Dave Chappelle. I guess we'll never last thing on Dave Chappelle. I watched it Saturday Night Live, where he grovelled. At the end. He says, Well, whoever that group is, we're not allowed to talk about it. Good night. So he admitted others powerful groups controlling our speech, at least again, everybody has to do it in their own way. But he said they dropped that nigger. And as my friend, I've never dropped a rat bar ever saying anything on a Jewish platform dissing my friend Dave Chappelle, and I have an issue with it. And you could tell big country I got to issue a security. You could tell all you to tell Cory Smith, he don't deserve to wear gold teeth.

What do you what Dave early was like up to you? What do you have to say about Corey Smith's go to real quick 10 years ago? He was like there's a mafia they came in. So what I got to do, he ran off to Africa. Now he's kind of come back and he's so out. He didn't sell he Yeah, he's sold out a little bit because

because he denounced the king. You know, I'm saying he denounced me I'm the one fighting

on the frontline and no black person to say nothing bad about me and public unless they have puppet period I put my life on the line and then afterwards they're going to talk about if anything happens to me everyone's gonna move Oh, he was the greatest she was the greatest as I shut up and I shut up go home to you scared little bends and you're scared little townhome and you're scared little movie contracts and shut up. Don't talk to me about nothing. What do you think ice cube that he lost nine or 7 million whatever it was because he wouldn't take the shot I respect to. Yeah, I respect you. But he's got to play his physician. It's like, you know, it's fine. I want a cube to come in and help us with the politics because he's one of the only people that was brave enough to talk definitely for real. Yeah, he's he's an engineer. He's an architect and engineer by trade. And then he dropped out to do entertainment, guys, hey, everybody stopped all engineers. We need our engineers back. We need our architects back. We need our doctors back, stop with the photos on Instagram, stop with all the entertainment 21 Savage owns a bank, we have brilliant people that are inside of I want to say the future. We're very close with some folks to actually having a bank. It's funny, you bring that up a bank and internet processing for Patriots. That's the future is not trying to fix Twitter or fix any of it, building our own system. I mean, the future is the past also, because soon as you got the the internet all these things that data can be copied by China via these banks. Now you don't really own your data with the cloud so low. This is the last question. I know Louis Farrakhan. I've interviewed him. I agree with like, 95%. What he says some things I don't agree with. But the point is, I think he cares about people. He's a real guy. And he's nothing compared to the left saying all whites are devils and criminals. So they're way more racist than he is. But I get you know, what he's been saying. You kind of got mad at him and said, hey, no disrespect me with my billions. They just stole because he said, Hey, maybe it was never yours. I think his point is what you just made. If they can grab it out of your account. It's never yours. Unless it's your farm your people your kids your thing. It's not yours. I don't think he was dissing your success that he was saying was it ever yours to begin with? They can take it our life is not ours. It's God's so now you get what he was saying. I talked to I talked to the minister so good, so you're not mad at me now? I'm not mad at any I'm not mad at all. If it's not if it's not off record, tell us about the conversation on the record. Rei manual, if you need me and your wife to step into a private room and have me work on her clothing line. I'm here

but seriously, so you were a little mad at Farrakhan you gotta talk how did how'd that go? It's gonna be all Christian Ari rom rom ROM. Don't, don't worry, it's gonna be all Christian ROM.

You are something else. Look, you look really friendly and nice. Well, that makes you look evil as hell. Let me just say this. In closing. I don't want to study. I think Hitler was a really bad guy. And I'll repeat what Hitler did. I understand that the British intelligence set him up. And I like Hitler. I don't like Hitler. I know. You're trying to be shocking to that. I'm not trying to be shocking. I like Hitler. I do not I the Holocaust is not what happened. Let's look at the facts of that. And Hitler has a lot of redeeming qualities you tell us you think we losing Hitler was the good guy and World War Two.

I think God says man should not kill, we should not have wars period, when none of us should be killed by the Ukraine and the streets of Chicago. All violence should stop and we should all serve Christ. That's what I feel. And I feel like I love everyone accordingly, from all the way from the Balenciaga as to the Hitler's to let me tell you a story. And I hold on to ARIA manuelle. To Jamie Dimon to the people who are saying amarilla here's what I'm saying. Well, my grandfather would never tell World War Two stories. And after he died, we read over stuff and he never he told my dad all the stuff he did and everything. But it was all in their letters. commendations. He told me, he said kid, I was like eight years old. Amber Alerts is when my ex girlfriend Amber was doing something in the streets. I got it. Before he died. I was like five years old. The point was, and I was like, tell me World War Two storytelling, World War two story. They said, Okay, well, we came out of Africa. We came into Italy. He was there three years. He said by the time they got to Germany, they went into this death camp. And there were piles of dead bodies. 100 feet tall with blackbirds eaten people's eyeballs out. All I'm telling you is is that just because you hate the globalist what they're doing and I get it Klaus Schwab's father, I don't hate a Nazi, either as Nazis above the ADL. Yeah, but Nazis are like kind of cool. Because you liked your uniforms? No, I just these are people every month. I love all right. So you love this Imus? I love this. I said that earlier in the show. All right. You have any comments on Hitler? I agree. Who did gay say he hated gay didn't say he hated anybody. Why isn't anybody listening to him? He said I love this person. I love the people who are trying to take away my children. I love this person. He never said I don't think we listen. I'm just getting it totally clear. But I think Stalin same thing. You did the same thing on Stalin is horrible. Hitler was horrible. Mao was horrible. No, no, I love all of those you love Mao Zedong.

Absolutely mouth roll clear clarify that you're saying you're like Christ like you love everybody. Yeah matter. You love Jim Jones. You love Jeffrey Dahmer? Absolutely every day. Well, let's clarify. But he didn't need clarification because he said, I'm starting with the Bible. He's ending with the Bible. And that's what but they did it to you, Alex, because you had a guy who came here, you're like, I'll be saying, I'll be the evil guy. I get Sandy Hook. Remember, you did the same thing that he's doing right now. All right. Absolutely. Yeah, we appreciate you. Anything else you want to add? Jesus is King. Start with the Bible. Love your children. Love your family. Think about the things you're doing before you throw stones stop the trauma. Stop the generational abuse the sexual abuse what's next in the AI world? What are you gonna do next sir, I was still in the middle of it. Lamps are going up you stop stop the abuse generation they sit they they say abuse goes through generations. Stop the trafficking. Instagram is sex trafficking. The language I'm gonna screw your life. I'm gonna have all that is trafficking. Stop it Stop, stop the drug usage. Stop, stop the killing. We put the guns down ourselves, we rise up. And we show God how strong we are. It's our disobedience to God that got us enslaved. God is on our side. But we have to be on God's side. We have to listen to our Father. We have to listen to God and follow Him and He will protect us. Look, no one. I agree with that before we can cast stones. You're saying you love everybody. You don't judge them. It's God to judge. I agree with that statement. And we got to change ourselves and stop pointing our fingers at somebody else. Exactly. And it's to say, Hey, I'm gonna show you how much Jewish media can't tell me what to say. You like that, Ari. And I'm telling you, we could get a nice private room. Me and your wife can go in and work on the clothesline. I'm really good at it and it will be super Christian. Hey, Ron, it's okay.

You got to thank for his wife. Absolutely not. I would not look at his wife for a second. But I do believe that the clothing line could you do some creative improvement?

All right. infowars.com tomorrow's news today Nick foin Tez Yay. I don't want to end this we got more to say we gotta you gotta catch a flight to catch a plane. All right. Hey, I appreciate you coming in. I appreciate the First Amendment. And look he's not taking the mask off. Yeah, it was not here. Incredible person air Wilbert Johnson was the impersonator Wilbert. net net and was here though, actually, Benjamin Netanyahu played Kanye West today.

Amen.

Hey, guys, here, the Justin Trudeau thing and some clips. We're gonna come right back and talk to Owen Ross group. Oh, and get in here. Do the last hour with Netanyahu. All right. This has been incredible. Folks. Free Shipping Info Wars dot coms back weed funding, stay on air. I'm gonna get you out of here. And I'll be back. infowars.com Share it everywhere. It's forbidden. And I love everybody. First members sacrosanct. You just saw it. It's good to have these debates. It's good to have these open discussions. We'll be right back stay with us.

For only the second time in the entirety of the Infowars store, we are announcing a selling out mega blowout sale. Many of our top selling items are included in this sale and are in limited supply. So once they're out, they will probably not be back in stock. Until next year, everything is listed at deep discounts of up to 60% off market price. Plus, if you order now we will include a free gift from the store for every order regardless of what you buy. This item will be chosen at random from a handpicked selection of our DVDs, books, stickers, and so much more. This is our gift to you for supporting the info war and the voice of freedom worldwide. After the seemingly never ending barrage of attacks on us. Alex and the rest of the crew here at Infowars needs all the help we can get to allow the message of a pro human future to reach the masses hurried to the store of Infowars now to check out the mega blowout sale because some of these items are already selling out at Infowars store.com.

Well, how'd you like that ladies and gentlemen?

And the funny thing is

I saw a lot of haters tuned in.

Saw a lot of haters haters of free speech haters of yay haters of Alex Jones just haters, just haters in general.

And you know, whatever you think about yea, or Alex or the things that were said in this transmission today, you really ought to check yourself.

You really ought to check your priorities and you really ought to realize that there's something seriously wrong with your mind and your brain. If you think the worst thing happening in America today, or the planet today is yay and Joan speaking, you're just out of whack. You're just whacked out you're messed up in the head.

it.

And you might say that about yay. But I guess it takes one to know one then doesn't it?

Because if you don't realize

that an innocent podcast Oh, you want to say it's extremist was an extremist when you lied about hands up don't shoot in Ferguson burned to the ground mainstream media liberals was an extremist when

you made George Floyd into a saint, even though we all know the truth about his life and the events that day with the coroner's report, died from a drug overdose and you lied about that. And then that entire cities burning for an entire summer was that extreme?

No, see, you want to make it okay for you to engage in extremist behavior. You want to make it okay for you to engage in extremist speech.

But you don't want anyone else to have that same right, that same privilege? Because what it is is not white privilege that we see in America today. No, it's Liberal Democrat privilege. You guys are the ones above the law. You guys are the supremacists. Not Nick Fuentes, not Alex Jones, not yay, you. You the liberals. You're the supremacists, you're the bigots.

And your behavior today should be a another moment for you to have a self reflection period of your priorities.

So let me just get into some points here that I have leftover that I didn't get in before the last break there.

Because I just I just I'm seeing the responses. And most of this is just over the responses to the interview today. Will this be the first interview on the internet to get a trillion views?

But

for anybody that says, Oh, how could yay say that, that there might have been good Nazis? How could he say something like that? Well, okay, what's the, what's the cliche is? I was just doing my job, right? And then we say, oh, that's what the Nazis said. So is the nurse that gave someone a deadly poisonous vaccine a bad person? Is the doctor that gave someone a deadly poisonous vaccine a bad person? Are all the people on TV that promoted the COVID-19 vaccine that has not been safe or effective? Are they all bad people? Or are they just doing their job? I'm just looking for some logical consistencies here. Is that too much to ask? Is that too much to ask?

Then you have the whole issue of

the culture jamming, which you guys miss every time

and you still don't understand. And that's all that happened today was culture jammy.

We took a controversial guest, I guess multiple controversial guests on a controversial show, and engaged in free speech. Totally legal, totally lawful, totally classical liberal. And look at how you squirmed look at how you panicked. Look at how you freaked out. Look it out you're foaming at the mouth and reeling over it. Just like you did. When Kanye excuse me yay wore a white lives matter shirt, just like you do when Alex Stein goes to an event and culture jams your culture down your throat, just like you do when I would show up at a Trump rally with an Infowars mic flag and have 5000 people screaming and gnashing their teeth and spitting and throwing things at me.

Who are the real extremists who are the real intolerant bigots? You think Kanye West is making himself look bad. ALL Yay is doing his speaking. You're the ones making yourselves look bad with your double standards with your liberal Democrat supremacy and with your lack of logic and approach to these issues. And that's how you know it's not logic. It's propaganda. And there was a funny moment there where people were taking yeas Twitter account and tweeting from his Twitter account and I was kind of like, well, this is this is kind of goofy. This is kind of funny. But then I realized that there's a realness to this, because everyone else was banned. Nobody else has access to Twitter except yay. Flint is banned. Alexander ban, Jones banned Owen Shroyer myself banned.

So How funny is that? Literally, he was the only one we can even have in studio for this interview with this group of people that had a Twitter account. None None of all the others are banned.

Oh, what does that tell you? And these same people will tell you how corrupt the world is. And you say okay, so if the if the world is really corrupt, and politics is really corrupt, and there's bad people, wouldn't they be censoring and silencing the people calling them out and the people that are reporting on them and telling the truth about them? Yeah, I guess that would be your logic there, wouldn't it? And they would give platforms and amplify

By the voices of the people that are falling for their propaganda Oh, see how that works. That's what's happening right now.

And you know, there's another issue I always see here and again, I there were some off air stuff that happened here that will be up at Infowars and banned out video. I asked yay, in an off air little segment we had.

And

I was asking him well, what do you think about the human interest story? Because

you are the one saying, you like Hitler, you are the one saying that you like Nazis? Of course, that's what the media is going to print. Of course, that's what your enemies are going to use against you like, obviously. But isn't the real human interest story that a celebrity has broke from Hollywood that a celebrity has broke from the mainstream. And now we the people who have been who have been told we have to worship the stars, we the people who have been told we have to idealize the stars, when really most of them are just scumbag trash, human beings. And now we're looking at yeh saying, Can you pull that curtain back? Can you tell us what goes on? With Balenciaga Child Exploitation ads? Can you can you tell us what goes on with Kim Kardashian and the Kardashian family and all the weird stuff that happens there? Can you be the TODO that pulls the curtain back from Hollywood, which we're told is so great that we must idealize, idealize it, and worship it and pay the movies and watch their award ceremonies. But yet, when we look behind the curtain, maybe it's not so great, maybe we shouldn't have been so impressed. That's the human interest story for me.

That's the human interest story that I think needs to be told. But Kanye told me or Yeah, he told me. He said, we'll publish this advance video he said, Well, I'm just saying the things that no one else will say just to kind of push the limit and I don't want to paraphrase or misquote him, but

the video will eventually be up at Bandar video HD video we recording off air.

But why is it always about Hitler? Why don't people complain about mouse a tongue or Pol Pot or Stalin or Lenin? It's always about Hitler. I guess that's because of World War Two.

The aftermath made the world order that we now live in, if you will, but it's funny all you socialists out there, all you proud socialists, please do not forget that Hitler was a socialist. And in fact, Hitler launched his political platform out of the Socialist Workers Party in Germany, the Socialist Workers Party. What does that sound like? What do Hitler Mao, Pol Pot Stalin and Lenin all have in common? They were all socialists are Nazis. In other words, they were all left wingers. They were all left wingers. So never forget that the left wing ideology kills hundreds of millions of people in the 20th century. Why are we still dealing with it in the 21st? We're back live Alex Jones in the seat here. You know, we've had 76 million people hit Infowars. Today, that's people on heads. I've only got 25 million viewers right now. Ah, we had 39 million viewers when Yeah, he was on 10 minutes ago. That guy is definitely in the zeitgeist.

And the system trying to suppress people's free speech has caused this. I do not agree with a lot of the things that were said here today. And I made that clear. But when you've got a leftist media, literally saying white people are inherently evil, that's hit Larian. They can't then point at some black man who's criticizing the system and saying, Oh, he's Hitler.

The dog does not hunt. There's what I want to do. I'm gonna go ahead and host into the next hour.

I'm gonna go ahead and host into the war room. I want Shroyer is going to co host with me. And we're going to open the phones up for that. Yay. Kanye West interview you just heard in the last three hours. And we're going to take your phone calls today on that subject. And on the first amendment, and what's happening that one subject I don't normally string calls. Everybody knows that. And free for all yesterday, but today, I'm not going to your call. It's not on that Kanye West interview for three hours and 10 minutes you just heard earlier, and all the subjects and topics we covered surrounding the First Amendment that is a big Horizon. That is a big field that has a giant area to cover.

And you know, he said something that was really important when he was here. He said, You know, they say I'm autistic. Maybe I am 100% Lazy gentleman. He's a musical genius. And he's really smart, but he's an idiot savant. And I'd say he's an idiot when he sees this later. I'm not saying you're an idiot, to idiot savant. And what he's saying is I want to touch on all the taboos I want to say that things that can't be said, and I get that and he hasn't killed anybody. And he didn't round up Jews like

George Soros did. I want to play that clip here. George Soros

But I want to open the phones up and I want to take your call. So let's get the phone system powered up.

It's been a big party atmosphere here with the crew running around talking to each other. That's great.

But we're doing a show for the millions that the paltry 25 million that are still tuned in almost three, 4 million. So we got 25 million people watch it, like you know, a football games 100,000 in the stadium, millions watching. This is 25 million people watch right now, we should talk to them. We should decide this shows important. What we're covering on air has a little bit of value, other than everybody running up and down the halls talking to each other right now.

So I'm going to fire the phone system.

And I'm going to take your phone calls ladies and gentlemen. So start your engines. I'll give the number out when you come back from this George Soros clip. They give ADL awards George Soros, when he rounded up Jews, they use Schwarzenegger who said he hates Jews and loves Hitler. They get him award. So it's Kanye West. You get a small Award. He just loves Hitler. He didn't actually help pillar. Now he helped Hitler. He'd be probably the head of the ADL. But he didn't he was being tongue in cheek. I'm not even apologizing for him. I get the shock value what he was saying. He goes I love the Zionist I love Stalin I love mouse a ton. I love them all.

So it's all over the place, ladies and gentlemen, and it's gone super mega viral number one story in the world right now is this infowars.com

tomorrow's news today. Now here's the problem with having 76 77 million people so far today today, draw me three or 4 million.

This will cost me hundreds 1000s dollars today. We have great bandwidth deals. But when you've got not as people said audio, but you've got 3040 50 million people

in just the last couple hours tuned in

that cause some serious dead narrow. Show Mr. Jones is bankrupt. Mr. I am bankrupt. Personally I'm out of money, which is fine. Don't measure myself by that it means nothing to me started on extra TV, but it still means something for me to get the mission done. So I need you to go to Infowars store.com and get books and films and some of those great products. We got free shipping right now going in Infowars store.com Vitamineral fusion DNA force plus bodies ultimate Tumeric formula. These are incredible products that boosts your immune system and power your life around all the T shirts everything sold out put a few laps to the shelves right shirt. So we printed the most of those. It's all at Infowars store.com Get an Alex Jones number one New York Times bestseller number one world seller Amazon, the great reset all over the world. It's available signed or unsigned at Infowars store.com. Right now.

I can tell you about next week, it will no longer be available signed at Infowars store.com. Don't sign comments from forest or.com got a new deal with a new group. And we're gonna have signed copies somewhere else. And it's gonna cost more because we got to find this operation. I'm not gonna sit here. It's a free world world. I need funds to fight the New World Order. I need money. Because it's not just good enough. Oh my god, man, Alex Jones had 76 million people so far. Tune in today. We got 25 million people tuned in 10 minutes ago when I checked on the damn meter. So baby, we're talking 1000s of dollars every couple minutes. So we you want somebody to fight. You want somebody to have their own infrastructure. You want somebody to have their own operation you want somebody to do? Why didn't somebody just do it? Why didn't somebody had their own media? Why didn't somebody challenged the Silicon Valley and Hollywood, we're doing it. But wars cost money to go to Infowars store.com right now and get the amazing products@infowars.com Here's George Soros break down, we'll come right back at the number don't take your calls. It was actually probably the happiest life

of German occupation. For me. It's a very positive experience. It's a strange thing. Because you see incredible suffering around you. And in fact you are you're in considerable danger yourself. But you're 14 years old and you don't believe that it can't actually touch you. You have a belief in yourself, your belief in your father. It's a very happy making exhilarating experience, while hundreds of 1000s of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps. George Soros accompanied his phony Godfather on his appointed rounds, confiscating property from the Jews. These are pictures from 1944 of what happened to George Soros, his friends and neighbors. You're a Hungarian Jew

who escaped the holocaust by posing as a Christian, right? And you watched

lots of people get shipped off to the death camps. That was 14 years old. And I would say that that's what

My character was made in what way that one should think ahead, one should understand and anticipate events. And one is threatened. It was a tremendous threat of evil. I mean, it was a very personal experience of evil. My understanding is, is that you went out with this protector of yours, who swore that you were his adopted guys

went out, in fact, and helped him the confiscation of property from the Jews that site.

I mean, that's, that sounds like an experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many, many years. Was it difficult?

Not, not at all. Not at all. Maybe as a child, you don't you don't see the connection.

But it was it created No, no problem at all. No feeling of guilt. No, for example, that I'm Jewish. And here I am watching these people go, I could just as easily be there. I shouldn't be there. None of that. Well,

of course, I

could be on the other side, or I could be the one from whom the thing is being taken away.

But

there was no sense that I shouldn't be there. Because that was

actually funny way. It's just like in markets, that if I weren't there, of course, I wasn't doing it. But somebody else would be taking it away anyhow. University, whether I was there or not, I was only a spectator. The property was being taken away. So I had no role in taking away that property. So I had no sense of guilt. Are you religious? No.

Do you believe in God? No.

Infowars tomorrow's news today.

Well, it's lit lit lit. And the top story in the world is what happened? Yeah.

Kanye West here on the show earlier. And I want shores to come in and host the war room three to 6pm. I'll be hosting with him. We're going over the phones up. You guys punch the phone system up for me. Thanks. That'd be awesome. The toll free number to join us is 87778925398777892539. And it's on one topic, the First Amendment and free speech and those that want to control our minds. And the yea, interview the Kanye West interview that we just did. 877-789-2539. And I'm not going to call it quits on that subject. We normally have free for all get a free for all your stay. It's on this subject. What do you think in the last three and a half hours? What do you think of the three hours 10 minutes with gay West here in studio and what just went down?

Because he's not the left out saying all white people are the devil and are evil. That's horrible.

He's down here, just saying another group's bad. I don't even agree with that. But my point is, how do you judge him? When MSNBC and CNN ABC and all the colleges and high schools and elementary schools tell little white kids their bags are white. They're sitting there believing that little white kid, no kid deserves no matter what color they are. It's evil. It's the opposite of what Martin Luther King talks about that I agree with. I agree with Martin Luther King. I love Martin Luther King. I love everybody. I know black people love me. Hello, everybody. Anybody that's awake loves me. I am not gonna be part of this. But I'm not gonna sit there and have them point their finger at yay. And say he's the devil, when he's trying to get them out of what they're doing when they are openly using race to control people.

It's a spiritual war. 8777892539877789 Alex

we're taking your calls the next three plus hours, three hours in 10 minutes because my show is 10 minutes. But Ellen's gonna march right in here, you know, sit down right next to me and we're gonna take call every call and play big excerpts of that incredible interview you just saw but I want to encourage the 25 30 million extra people that are tuned in to our streams right now@infowars.com

At man dot video, and I want to encourage you, you know what happens

if you simply tell your email list your text messages, your friends? Hey, here's the forbidden information. Alex Jones. You said Kanye young. He's gonna be playing big clips of that coming up here what they don't want you to hear@infowars.com forward slash show

And then that causes a chain reaction. And then your text message, your email or your word of mouth, you say, by the way, tell the people you tell to tune in to tell the people they tell to tune in, and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in and tell them to tune in

and tell them to tune in. And it's unstoppable. The fake false shots, the open borders, the devaluation of the currency, the shutting off our fuel supplies, the brainwashing our children, all you got to do it Start using the human system we build of, hey, this is a scam tell the next person. People used to trust humans. We used to love each other. We used to get that.

And so if Jays got to sit here and set off a political bomb or things he said that I don't even agree with much of it. It doesn't matter because it's about getting people thinking and talking and we can end the New World Order and Klaus Schwab was a real Nazi and their whole system together right now.

showing everybody tuned in right now.

Over 20 plus million extra people to them right now. I love our audience of three, 4 million at a time boy, you're awesome. But you're the dyed in the wool. You're the choir. You're the people that know you're the people that fight. You're listening. you're black, you're white, you're Hispanic you're eight year old. You're young, you're gay, you're straight. You're all but you love God you love justice. You know things are wrong. You're too damn but today

we we've got all these 10s of millions of new people tuned in because this sucker like you talking about Las Vegas, man, you pull that? I mean, yeah, I never met him in person talk to him for years on the phone to have him here and his whole idiot savant that he had going on, which is not an insult. I call him an idiot, idiot, savant is everything. He's a genius. But they look like idiots to people that don't know what they're saying. They're an idiot savant. Because idiots don't get what they're saying. And yes, I am an idiot savant. There's no doubt about it. I know, mathematical computations without even trying, I know, politics and deep information. And it's, it's incredible. But there's different types of idiot savant God's given us so many ways that all of us are a little bit of an idiot savant.

And we had that big black, beautiful Indian savant here today.

had killed a person whose life saying, I got free speech, and I'm done being told I'm a Nazi. So I embrace everything you say, I am to stop giving them the power.

He wasn't Adolf Hitler, he did run Nazi Germany.

I bet his grandmother was a

who knows what, when this was all going on. And it's about sand. Stop calling me that. Stop saying on that. And you call me an N word. I take the N word. He said that. And I use it. I get that. You call me a Nazi? Fine. I take that on. You call me Hitler. Okay, I'm Hitler. But the truth is, the New World Order is way worse than Hitler. Hitler was a baby. Hitler was a joke compared to the New World Order. And Klaus Schwab and Bill Gates and everything they're doing.

Sort of the millions upon millions. Imagine a sports teams 100,000. Last time I checked him 30 minutes ago, we had 25 26 million people, not all our 40 radio stations, not on the 100 Plus TV stations, not on everywhere. Listen to be cut up later. No, no, we had up to 39 million people at one time on infowars.com.

Now it's only 25 million. Imagine if you all simply share the link to this again, it'll go to 100 million.

And then when I get a million dollar bill for all the bandwidth, hopefully we sold a product at Infowars store.com. To pay that because you want a war. You want free speech. You want a platform. You want a place where you're not censored. Well, you better pay up folks because this war doesn't happen for free. George Washington don't get his bullets at his ass.

And we don't get them out of their ethereal stuff from George Soros. Evora, store.com Infowars store.com Infowars store.com, free shipping everything there right now. Incredible products, books, films, you name it. Infowars store.com

All right.

Toll free number join us

877-789-2539 We have loaded phone lines kin and Uncle Sam. I love Uncle Sam. He never even had a gun on the years. He's a great talk show host in New Orleans. Uncle Sam that's the real Uncle Sam Bryce, Jimmy T. Sarah Bryce never get to prices in a row. That's weird. Orion, the hunter, open and many other straight ahead when we start

low or to the Ford tower and the Alex Jones Show is almost over. This historic broadcast is almost over.

Look into my eyes once again, a green juice

Oops, my stories are almost over. And then the fourth hour will begin in just a few minutes. So if the 25 million people would just go to infowars.com forward slash infowars.com infowars.com Ford slash show or band dot video and if you'll just Sharon say the verboten is here, what you're not supposed to hear is here excerpts of the big interview your calls oh and Shroyer and so much more we'll get Harrison Smith I've seen him around the office the host of American journal weekday mornings 8am Central here on the vaunted embattled battle hardened in Faux wars.com.

It's all coming up in the next three hours call after call. And I'm going to do it again. I rarely do this our radio stations understand they can override us when they're on ads. We're going commercial free. We'll take a few breaks here if you promos, we're going to continue on for the next three hours cutting the regular commercials to take your calls to cover the news and to share the word about the global awakening infowars.com Ford slash show info wars.com Ford slash show and band Alinea and say you want to hear what Kanye West is really saying you want to hear what they don't want you to know it's happening now. Right now and infowars.com Ford slash show and band dot Vidya.

All right, we're gonna go to break. We're gonna come back and when we return

we will go directly your calls and more straight ahead but this is the human rebellion against tyranny. This is the free speech revolution. This is the info war and it is exciting to have this great crew and exciting to have all these listeners and excited to be standing in front of 3040 50 million new people tuned in today in the church of truth, blurting the truth and we're going to talk directly to the people straight ahead as we go forward on this live Thursday December 1 2020. Free Shipping

I got some good news. I got some bad news. I thought we had enough free gifts and books and films and T shirts and DVDs and all the rest of it with every order to keep it going at least until

early December. Sorry can't. They've done the numbers at current sales rates will be sold out by about 3am on Wednesday. So tomorrow night at midnight.

The free gift on top of up to 60% off and double Patriot points William you'll still get up to 60% Off with promo code 7076 We'll keep the blowout sale going on DNA force plus and Vitamin Mineral Fusion bodies ultimate turmeric formula and Super Male Vitality and ultra 12 and basil beats and all of it at big discounts on the books and everything but the free gifts have to end Mr. Ed midnight and they will 100% And so you got until Tuesday night at midnight ladies and gentlemen to get the massive discounts the double Patriot points and the free gift that is our biggest selling history with a free gift on top of up to 60% off Infowars store.com. And I would boost your immune system as I was here with all this going on. We have the highest quality vitamin d3 with calcium, the gummies for adults, children, everybody it's massively discounted. We have the 11 100% of daily allowance, high quality vitamin C the Linus Pauling formula from rose hips with the zinc to turbocharge, your immune system, your health and so much more. It's massively discounted and the free gift and the double Patriot points. All of it is an info war score.com or call toll free triple 82533139 We need funds to stay on air so it's a win win. Only we lose and you don't take action. Remember fortify your immune system more than ever. We've got great products please choose us your health and wellness. We'll be right back

All right. We're live ladies and gentlemen, to my left. Tim Tim Poole. Everybody knows and loves him. vija what is how do i pronounce your last video? Not vija Vidya Vidya Gatty. Got it and your position at Twitter is

I lead trust and safety, legal and public policy.

That's a lot. That's a lot. And Jack Dorsey. Ladies, gentlemen. First of all, thank you, everybody for doing this. Appreciate it. Thank you. It feels, feels Paulson, there's tension in the room. We're all loosey goosey just a few minutes ago, attention. Now everyone's like, Oh, this is really happening. Here we go. Before we get started, we should say because there were some things that people wanted to have us talk about. One that the Cash App is one of the sponsors of the podcast. It's been a sponsor for a long time. And also a giant supporter of my good friend, Justin runs fight for the Forgotten charity building wells for the pygmies in the Congo. This is very important to me, and I'm very happy that you guys are a part of that. And you are connected to that. I don't. That's mean, it's easy for someone to say that doesn't have an influence on the way we discuss things, but it doesn't. So if it does, I don't know. I'm

gonna mention to just because I don't want people to come out and freak out later actually have like, 80 shares in square, which isn't really that much. But, but it's something it is it is. So I don't want people to think, you know, whatever. You're the CEO of square, I think, right? Yep. Yeah. Well, they

want to cash out. And

the reason why we decided to come together is we had, I thought, a great conversation last time, but there was a lot of people that were upset that there was some issues that we didn't discuss or didn't discuss in depth enough, or they felt that I didn't press you enough. I talked to Tim, because, you know, Tim and I have talked before and he made a video about it. And I felt like his criticism was very valid. So we got on the phone, and we talked about it. And I knew immediately within the first few minutes of the conversation that he was far more educated about this than I was. So I said, Would you be willing to do a podcast and perhaps do a podcast with Jack? And he said, absolutely. So we did a podcast together, it was really well received, people felt like we covered a lot of the issues that they felt like I didn't bring up. And so then Jack and I discussed it, and we said, well, let's bring Tim on and then have vigia on as well. So that right? Yep, that's a hard one. Sorry. I'll get it right, I promise. But so we're here we go. Today, you know, Shaun Baker is he's a doctor who's a prominent proponent of the carnivore diet. His post was his account was frozen today. I just sent it to you, Jamie. Yeah, his account was frozen today, because of an image that he had, because he's a proponent of the carnivore diet. There's a lot of people that believe that this elimination diet, it's very healthy for you. And it's known to cure a lot of autoimmune issues with certain people, but some people ideologically oppose it, because they think it's bad for the environment, or you shouldn't eat meat, or whatever the reasons are.

This is huge in the Bitcoin community. Yes,

yeah. Well, it's for a lot of people that have autoimmune issues with particularly psoriasis. And arthritis is is a lifesaver. It's crazy. It's essentially, it's an autoimmune issue. So because he has a photo of a lion in a header eating a looks like a wildebeest or something like that, his account was locked for violating these rules, rules against graphic violence or adult content in profile images. That seems a little silly. And I wanted to just mention that right away now, whose decision is something like that, like, who decides to lock a guy's account out, because it has a nature image if you know, natural predatory behavior. On

this particular case, it's probably an algorithm that detected it and made some sort of an assessment. But as a general rule, how we operate as a company is we rely on people to report information to us. So if you look at any tweet, you can kind of pull down on that carrot on the right, and you can say report the tweet. And then you have a bunch of categories you can choose from and what you want to report. I think this one in particular, though, it's probably an algorithm.

So how does it does he have the option to protest that or to ask someone to review it? Absolutely.

And I'm guessing that people are already reviewing it, but there's a choice to appeal any action and that would go to a human to make sure that it is actually a violation of the rules? Or in this case, if it's not, then it would be removed.

Is that a violation of the rules? Image?

I don't think so. I don't think that that would be what we're trying to capture in terms of graphic images and an avatar. It's more about violence towards humans unless it was some sort of cruelty depicting walls or something like that. But this seems not the intention of the rule does

this this one of the reason why I wanted to bring this up immediately does this highlight a flaw in the system in that people can target an individual because with him, he's a, he, like I said, he's a doctor and a proponent of this carnivore diet. But he's also he ruthless in his condemnation and mocking of vegans, he does it all the time. And so then they get upset at him, and they can target posts and just report them in mass. And when they do that, then this becomes an issue.

I think this does reveal part of, you know, the challenges that we face as a global platform at scale. And this, I don't I don't know what happened in this case, sorry, it's hard for me to talk about it. But what I would say is that, it doesn't really matter if one person reports it, or 10,000, people report it, like we're going to review the reports and we're going to make an assessment. And we're never going to, you know, kick someone off the platform finally, and forever without a person taking a look and making sure that it's an actual violation.

Okay,

so at the put the mob reporting behavior does happen. Yeah, it does. It happens across the spectrum,

I'd have to assume it's going to be one direction, I can't imagine he would target vegans, but vegans would target him,

right? Well, he might. I mean, he doesn't. But is he the kind of guy who's

gonna want to report to vegans and get them banned from Twitter? Or is he gonna want to make fun of them, he's gonna make fun of them, they're going to target him to try and get him removed by exploiting the system that you guys have. It

may not be him, though, it could also be his followers. It's a really complicated world out there. So you don't want the motivations of why people mob report are different. And it's not always under someone's control.

We could easily even be other carnivore diet proponents who are just jerks that don't like him, because he's getting all the love. People are weird. Yeah, but it's just the idea, though, is that it does kind of highlight a bit of a flaw in that it's good that someone can like because you might see something awful, someone Daxing someone or something like that. And then you can take that and report it, and then people can see it and get rid of it and minimize the damage. That's done. There's

another big problem here. And that is the carnivore diet legitimately healthy. Is it a threat to your health? And if it is, is what is Twitter's responsibility in controlling that information? Right. So just to clarify, my my opinion is, if he wants to be a proponent for the carnivore diet, let him but you've got people on YouTube who are being direct for certain beliefs about certain health issues that I don't agree with. And so one of the risks then is, you know, we're coming towards a position where people think some ideas are better than others. Therefore, as a company, we're going to restrict access to certain information. You mean like anti Vaxxer? Exactly. So I guess I'm trying to say is, at what would you guys restrict someone from sharing in for like false information about vaccines that could get someone hurt?

That is not a violation of Twitter's rules? No,

I think, I mean, I'd be interested to hear your ideas around this. But our, our perspective right now is around this concept of variety perspective. Like, are we? are we encouraging more echo chambers and filter bubbles? Or are we at least showing people other information that might be countered to what they see? And there's, there's a bunch of research that would suggest that further and Bolton's or views, there's also research that would suggest that at least gives them a consideration about what their what they currently believe. So you guys, sorry, given the dynamics of our network being completely public, we're not organized around communities were not organized around topics. We have a little bit more freedom to show more of the spectrum of any one particular issue. And I think that's how we would we would approach it from the start. That said, we haven't really dealt much with misinformation more broadly across like, these sorts of topics. We've we've focused our efforts on elections, and well, mainly election trying to, you know,

YouTube is a different animal, you know, someone can really convince you that the earth is flat. If you're gullible, and you watch a 45 minute YouTube video, right now, it's kind of a different thing.

But I want to I wanted to just kind of get into that statement you made about misinformation and whether or not you'll police it.

So I think that the tough part of this is really in love to have a discussion about this is do you really want corporations to police? What's true and not true? Absolutely not. It's a really, really tough position. But you guys do that. We try not to do that. We don't want to do that when placed when your rules, but the places that we focus on is where we think that people are going to be harmed by this in a direct and tangible way that we feel a responsibility to correct now, in your

rules, Tim, what do you mean by that? That naming and misgendering dead naming and misgendering

that's a specific ideology that's unique to a very small faction of people in this world that you guys actually banned people for.

So the way I think of it is its behavior based. And I know you think of it as content and we can we can disagree on this point. But this is about why are you doing this to a trans person? Why are you calling them by this name when they've chosen to go by a different name, or why are you outing them in some way? What is your intent and purpose behind that?

Meeting and rapidly in the interest of clarity, I want to explain what Add naming means Right, right.

So that so a transgender individual changes their name when they transition, a dead name would be their birth name or the name they went by before the transition. So yes, my mom's probably

going what? And whenever the text what's a dead name? And

I will clarify to your rules specifically targeted misgendering. And naming,

I believe it's correct, right. So years ago, we we passed a policy that we call our hateful conduct policy, and that prohibits targeting or attacking someone based on their belonging and in any number of groups, whether it's because of their religion, or their race, or their gender, their sexual orientation, their gender identity. So it was something that's broad based is that you you can't choose to attack people because of these characteristics. But

you do have limits on what characteristics you police. Right? So you're not you're not banning people, but for targeted trans species, others, right? Well,

we have also general abuse and harassment rules, right, which says you can't engage in abuse and harassment on the platform.

But you can't designate someone but you can call them stupid.

Generally, I mean, if you created an account that only was there to call the same person, stupid 5000 times, we'd probably view that as the, you know, targeted, harass targeted harassment. It's

a function of the it's unfortunate behavior, because people with our system can do this in massive velocity. So let's ultimately silence you from a platform or just say, like, I give up, I don't want to deal with this thing. I'm

also there's so we can just get into all of the big examples. I mean, starting with Tim,

but can we just take a step back and try to level set what we're trying to do with our policies? I think it's worth Yes, yes. So as a as a high level, I personally, and this is my job to run the policy team, I believe that everyone has a voice and should be able to use it. And I want them to be able to use it online. Now, where we draw a line is when people use their voice, and use their platform, to abuse and harass other people to silence them. Because I think that that's what we've seen over the years is a number of people who have been silenced online because of the abuse and harassment they've received. And they either stop talking or they leave the platform in its entirety. If you look at free expression and free speech laws around the world, they're not absolute. They're not absolute. There's always limitations on what you can say. And it's when you're starting to endanger other people.

So so my question then is, when I was physically threatened on Twitter, you guys refuse to take down the tweet. And I showed up in Berkeley, and someone physically threatened me because they were encouraged to when I was in Venezuela, I was physically threatened by high profile individual 10,000 people tweeting at me, you guys do nothing. Right. So I guess there's the obvious question of Why does it always feel like your policies are going one direction politically, you say it's about behavior. You said it several times already. But I've already I've got tons of examples of that not being the case. And you will always be able to find those examples, examples where you guys were alerted multiple times, and did nothing like when Antifa doxxed, a bunch of law enforcement agents, some of the tweets are removed. But since September, this tweet is still live with a list of private phone numbers addresses yet Kathy Griffin, she's fine. The guy who threatened the lives of these kids in Covington, and said lock them in the school and burn it down. You did nothing. I mean, you got suspended it take his tweets down, was he banned for threatening the lives of kids? Absolutely not.

So again, we have and I'm, I'm happy to talk about all these details. We have our policies that are meant to protect people. And they're meant to enable free expression as long as you're not trying to silence somebody else. Now, we take a variety of different enforcement mechanisms around that. Sometimes you get warned, sometimes your your tweet is forced to be deleted. It's a very rare occasion where we will outright suspend someone without any sort of warning, or any sort of ability to understand what happened.

What did you guys do with Kathy Griffin when she was saying she wanted the names of those young kids were in the Magga hats at the Covington high school camp.

That's a that's a great example, Joe. So in that particular case, you know, our Daxing policy really focuses on posting private information, which we don't consider names to be private, we consider your home address, your home phone, your home phone number, your mobile phone number, those types of things to be private. So in that particular case, we took what I think now is probably a very literal interpretation of our policy. And so that that was not a Daxing incident.

Do you think that was an error?

I think that it was short sighted and given the context of what was going on there that if I was doing this all over again, I would probably ask my team to look at that through the lens of what was the purpose behind that tweet. And if the purpose was in fact, to identify these kids to either Dox them or abuse and harass them, which it probably was, then we should be taking a more expansive view of of that policy and including that type of content,

especially considering the fact they're minors, I would think that right away, that would be like the approach. So this is trial and error, sort of learn and move on with new information, sort of a deal? Absolutely.

We're gonna learn we're going to make a ton of mistakes. We're trying to do this, with hundreds of millions of accounts, all around the world, numerous languages, were going to make mistakes. Even if we get better. There will always be mistakes, but we're hoping to learn from those and to make ourselves better and to catch cases like Tim's or others, where we clearly may have made an error I am open to having those discussions. I'm not I'm sorry, I'm familiar with your specific cases. But I'd love to follow up with you and you really

want to see the tweet, we pull it up. So it's bi t.li/antifa, tweet all lowercase. This

is also an evolution and privatization as well. One of the things we've come to recently as we do, we do need to, we do need to prioritize these efforts, both in terms of policy enforcement, how we're thinking about evolving them, one of the things that we want to focus on as number one is physical safety. And this leads you immediately to something like Daxing. And right now, the only way we take action on a Daxing case is if it's reported or not, what we want to move to is to be able to recognize those in real time, at least in the English language, recognize those in real time through our machine learning algorithms, and take the action before it has to be reported. So we're focused purely right now on going after Daxing cases with our algorithms so that we can be proactive, that also requires a much more rigorous appeals process to correct us when we're wrong. But we think it's tightly scoped enough that impacts the most important thing, which is someone's physical safety. Once we learned from that we can really look at the the biggest issue with our system right now is all the burden is placed upon the victim. So we only act based on reports, we don't have a lot of enforcement, especially with with more of the more more of the takedowns that are run through machine learning and deep learning algorithm.

But if something is reported, a human does review it eventually. Or are there a series of reports that you never get to?

There's there's probably reports we don't I mean, we prioritize a queue based on severity, and the thing that will mark severity of something like physical safety or private information or not. So generally, we try to get through everything, but we have to prioritize that cue even coming in.

So if someone threatened the lives of someone else, you would you banned that account, would you tell them like, like, let's say someone tweeted three times, kill these people, I want them dead. Three times. Is that Yes, that's a violation. You didn't ban him, though.

And I don't know why. Jamie, that's, uh,

I don't know, I don't necessarily want to give out specific user names. Because then that people just point the finger at me and say, I'm getting these people banned. But, you know, during Covington, this guy said multiple times, to he wanted his followers to go and kill these kids.

Yeah, and we have to look at that. But we also have to look in the context. Because we also have I think we talked about this a little bit in the last podcast, but we we have gamers on the platform who are saying exactly that to their friends that they're going to meet at the game in the game tonight. And without the context of their relationship without the context of the conversation that we're having. We would take the exact same action on them incorrectly.

Yeah, absolutely. That I understand. I think in the case of Covington, though, this user was so high profile. He's a verified user, he's got something like 20,000 followers, and it was highlighted by numerous conservative media outlets saying, Wow, this guy's it's screenshotted. It's being shared. I mean, you had a Disney producer, like saying, a picture of a wood chipper with a body being thrown in it saying that's what he wanted to happen. You know? So I do know that some of these accounts got locked isn't the producer was doing that? Well, I'll clarify fact, check me on that. But that's the basically the conversation that was had. And there's a guy that Disney was he posted a picture from Fargo of someone being tossed in a wood chipper, and he says, I want all these Margaret kids, you know, done like this. You had another guy who specifically said lock them in the school, burn it down, said a bunch of disparaging things and then said if you see them fire on them, and he tweeted that more than once. And

that those accounts where those tweets were taken down. Those were violations of our rules.

That's I'm pretty sure it's actually illegal to do that. Right? It's to tell your any individual to commit a felony is a crime like,

right? Yeah, incitement of violence. Yeah. So I'm in many places, I

just have to wonder how like, I understand the context issue. But this is what this is what I talk what

scale too, though, right?

The time those accounts were actioned, they may not have been action the way you wanted to, to, but the tweets were forced to be deleted. And that account was short. I can penalty for that. So I understand that

kind of a penalty. Well,

again, as I said earlier, Joe, we don't usually automatically suspend accounts with one violation, because we want people to learn, we want people to understand what they did wrong and give them an opportunity not to do it again. And it's a big thing to kick someone off the platform. And I take that very, very seriously. So I want to make sure that when someone violates our rules, they understand what happened, and they're given an opportunity to, you know, get back on the platform and change their behavior. And so in many of these cases, what happens is we will force someone to acknowledge that their tweet violated our rules forced them to delete that tweet before they can get back on the platform. And in many cases, if they do it again, we give them a timeout, which is like seven days and we say look, you've done it again. It's a temporary suspension if you do, you're a mom. I'm totally a mom. Exactly. And your mom and If you do it again, then you're not. So it's kind of like, you know, three strikes sort of like baseball. And so in some of these cases that Tim's referencing, I have to imagine because these tweets were deleted, they are violations of our rules. People are upset that the account came back again and was allowed to say other things. But we did take action on those tweets they were violations of, and

then you have people like Milo, who was mean to a person and you delete you banned him permanently. There's more

than actually talking about it. Yeah, yeah, I'm happy to talk about Milo and actually brought the tweets because so

let's let's preface that by saying the point I want to make sure it's clear is that you had somebody who actively called for the death of people, I understand the context issue. Maybe he's talking about video games prototype, some scale, and scale. So this is a verified user. And

that's just the complexity in acting. There's not an excuse for why we don't do it in particular.

And then there are a lot of other examples to like, get into more egregious areas that I've prepared. So here we have someone with over 20,000 followers, he's verified numerous times incites his followers to commit a crime against these kids. The action taken against him is delete the tweets, you get a suspension, you get timeout, then you have people like Alex Jones, who berated a CNN reporter permanently banned, you get Miley INNOPOLIS, he was mean permanently banned. But

that's your impression. That's not what happened. Okay. I'm here to talk about the details if you want to Yes,

please. Let's do this one at a time. Let's start with Milo details with Milo. So

Milo had a number of tweets that violated our rules going back to 2014. But I'm going to talk about the final three in this concept. He claimed to be a Buzzfeed reporter in his bio, and he's a verified account. So that is impersonation. I'm not sure why he did that. He did do that. Well, Buzzfeed is a left wing thing. So he was doing parody, potentially, but our parody rules are very specific that if you have an account, that's me being a is a parody account, you need to say that it is a parody account. So

people, everybody who knows, Milo would know that he's not a Buzzfeed reporter

that people who don't know Milo will look at that verified account.

But it wasn't verified. After a while you removed his verification, he violated our rules, verification. So the viral via the verification was removed because of the BuzzFeed thing,

I believe. So I can I can confirm that, I believe so. He also docked someone he posted private information about an individual. So that was the second one. He tweeted to somebody else. If you were my child, I'd have dashed your head on Iraq and tried again, which we viewed as a threat.

Really? That's it, it was like he's saying, like your mom should have swallowed you. You know, it's like, you know, I'm saying he's like you're a mistake. That's a threat.

I understand why reasonable people would have different impressions of this. I'm just going through and telling you what they are just sort of have all the facts on the table, and then we can debate them. And then the last one, we found a bunch of things that he posted that we viewed as incitement of abuse or against Leslie Jones. So there's a bunch of them, but the one that I like to look at which really convinced me is he posted to doctored tweets that were supposedly by Leslie Jones, they were fake tweets. The first one said, white people are getting on my nerves like How can you call yourself human. And then the second one said, the goddamn slur for a Jewish person at Sony ain't paid me yet. Damn. Vic's nude better pay

up. So this was just a fake tweet that someone had photoshopped to, to to fake

fake tweets. And we know they were faked because we could still tell from the software that they were faked is you can't always tell.

So it is possible that he didn't know they were faked. It's possible someone sent it to him. And he didn't do his due diligence and looking it up. And

it is possible. But it was pointed out to him that they were fake because he left it on. And not only did he leave it on, he said don't tell me some mischievous internet rascal made them up exclamation point. So this on the context of a bunch of other things he was saying towards Leslie Jones on Twitter, I and my team felt that this was taken as a whole incitement of harassment against

her. Wasn't there another issue with multiple accounts that were connected to him?

There were a bunch of other issues on the background. But these are the three primary things that we looked at. In terms of the

other things that were in the background, weren't they multiple accounts that were connected to him? Like,

I think that I'm not sure about that. Joe? I think it was more that we found him to be engaging in coordinated behavior and inciting people to to attack Leslie Jones now

with a case like him. No, I'm just going to be honest, when I'm listening to those or listening to read those tweets out. They don't sound that bad, and they certainly don't sound as bad as calling for the death of a child who's wearing a maga hat throw him into a woodshop or the fact that that guy is still out there, tweeting and yet Milo's not Milo's initial, the whole thing stemmed from Other than the BuzzFeed thing stemmed from his legitimate criticism of a film, and he's, you know, he's a satirist, he was mocking this film, The

Daxing incident wasn't related Daxing.

And so why don't we? Why don't we all

agree that Daxing is something that Twitter should take action under percent, threaten people in real life. And I take an enormous amount of responsibility for that, because I fear daily for the things that are happening on the platform that are translating into the real world.

So Milo is a contentious figure, and there's certainly things you can pull up that I wouldn't agree with anything he did there. I think those are horrible. I think Joe brought up some really good points. But what about Chuck Johnson? Why was Chuck Johnson banned?

I don't have those details in front of me.

Chuck Johnson said that he was preparing something to take out DeRay Mckesson and in the in a journalistic context, people take this to mean he was going to do a dossier or some kind of hit piece on Deray is permanently banned. Am I understanding and it's been a long time since I've read this. There was some leaked emails, I think, from Nick Costolo, where he said, maybe it wasn't deck, I don't want to drag deck. I don't know who it was exactly. They said, I don't care. Just get rid of him. And he was off. So you have? And again, maybe there's some hidden contexts there. I don't know. But on the surface concern

is that this is always leaning towards the left. Oh, it absolutely is. And I'm,

I'm not even getting started. Yeah, I

can understand why you feel that way. I don't think that's true. I think we look at each individual instance of violations of our rules and try to make the best case that we can. And I'm not trying and I do think just to just to say, I do think we've failed in a couple of ways. And I want to admit that. Number one, we haven't done enough education about what rules are because a lot of people violate our rules. And they don't even know it, like some of the statistics that we've looked at, like for a lot of first time users of the platform, if they violate the rule once almost two thirds of them never violate the rules again. So we're not talking about like a bunch of people accidentally, like if they know what the rules are, most people can avoid it.

And most people, when they feel the sting of a violation, they go, Okay, I don't want to lose my rights to post

exactly, and then they're able to do it. So we have a lot of work to do on education. So people really understand what the rules are in the first place. The other thing we have to do to address these allegations that we're doing this from a biased perspective, is to be really clear about what types of behavior are caught by our rules, and what types are not and to be transparent within the product. So when a particular tweet is found to be in violation of our rules being very, very clear, like this tweet was found to be in violation of this particular rule. And that's all work that we're doing. Because we think the combination of education and transparency is really important, particularly for an open platform like Twitter. It's, it's just part of who we are, and we have to build it into the product.

I appreciate that your particular thoughts, though, on those examples that he described when he talking about someone saying he should throw these children into a wood chipper versus Chuck Johnson saying he should take this guy, he wants to prepare a dossier to take this guy out, or how do you say it?

He said something like, I'm going to take out DeRay Mckesson with he said, I'm preparing to take out there something like that I can't prepare

and I can understand it could be misconstrued as he was trying to assassinate him. Right. You could you could misconstrue it but not a direct threat. But the other one is a direct threat. One guy is banned for life, the other guy's still posed,

and we can, I'm happy to follow up, I just don't have all the shutdowns. And it's not about one thing. It's about a pattern in practice of violating rules. And we don't want to kick someone off for one thing. But if there's a pattern in practice, like there was for Milo, we are going to have to take action at some point because we can't sit back and let people be abused and harassed and silenced on the planet. Well, so.

So one really important thing that needs to be stated is that Twitter, by definition is a biased platform in favor of the left period. It's not it's not a question I understand, you might have your own interpretation. But it's very simple. Conservatives do not agree with you on the definition of misgendering. If you have a rule in place that specifically adheres to the left ideology, you by default are enforcing rules from a biased perspective. Let's

him there are a lot of people on the left who don't agree with how we're doing our job, either, for sure. And those people think that we don't take enough action on harassment, and we let far too much behavior go. And I think that's

a radical example, though. I mean, what he's talking about, I mean, in terms of generalities that in general things lean far more left, would you agree

to that? I don't know what that means. But in

this particular case, it's how the speech is being used, that this is a new vector of attack that people have felt that I don't want to be on this platform anymore, because I'm being harassed and abused, and I need to get the hell out.

Will people harass and abuse me all day and night? You don't do anything about that? I might my notifications permanently locked at 99 UVA worse than I do. I mean, you get substantially more followers. And I don't click the notification tab anymore, because it's basically just harassment. And I, even when so this is a really funny anecdote. I was covering the story in Berkeley. And someone said, if you see him attack him, like it was it was I'm paraphrasing, they said basically, to swing at me take my stuff steal from me, and Twitter told me after review was not a violation of their policy. Somebody made an allusion to me being a homosexual, and I reported that instantly gone. So when I shot so so for me, I'm looking I'm Like, well, of course, of course Twitter is going to enforce the social justice aspect of their policy immediately, in my opinion, probably because you guys have PR constraints. And you're probably nervous about that. But when someone actually threatens me with a crime and incites their followers to do it, and nothing got done, and I'm not the only one who feels that

way, that's a mistake. If someone acts in that manner, and threatens to hurt you, that's a violation of our rules, right? Maybe there was a mistake there. And I'm happy to go and correct that. And we can do it offline. So don't fear any sort of reprisal against you. But that's a mistake. That's not an agenda on my part, or in the team Spark,

would this be we don't make any PR constraints when it does not.

So why did you ban Alex Jones?

You want to get into that? Absolutely. Are you ready? For sure? All right. Oh, well, I've been ready for.

Well, let me say this, the reason I bring him up is that Oliver Darcy, one of the lead reporters, covering Alex Jones, and his content said on CNN, that it was only after media pressure, did these social networks take action? So that's why I bring him up specifically, because it sort of implies you are under PR constraints to get rid of him.

I think if you look at the PR, that's what I went through in that incident, it wouldn't be that we looked good. And you have and that's not at all why we took action.

You have to look at the full context on the spectrum here. Because one of the things that happened over a weekend is what Alex mentioned on your on your podcast with him. He was removed from the iTunes podcast directory. That was the that was the linchpin for him. Because it It drove all the traffic to what he said basically, zero. Immediately after that, we saw our peer companies, Facebook, Spotify, YouTube, also take action. We did not, we did not because we when we looked at our service, and we looked at the reports on our service, we did not find anything in violation of our rules. Then we got into a situation where suddenly, a bunch of people were reporting content on our platform, including CNN, who wrote an article about all the things that might violate our rooms, rules that we looked into. And we gave him one of the other warnings, and then we can get into the actual details. But yeah, we did not follow. We We resisted, just being like a domino with our peers, because it wasn't consistent with our rules and the contract we put in before our customers.

So what was it that made you ban them?

So there were three separate incidents that came to our attention after the fact that were reported to us by by different users. There was a video that was uploaded that showed a child's being violently thrown to the ground and crying. So that was the first one. The second one was a video that we viewed as incitement of violence. I can read it to you it's a little it's a little bit of a transcript. But But now it's time to act on the enemy before they do a false flag. I know the Justice Department's crippled a bunch of followers and cowards but there's groups there's grants juries, there's you called for it it's time politically, economically and judiciously and legally and criminally to move against these people. It's got to be dumb now, get together the people you know, aren't traders aren't cowards aren't helping their frickin bets, hedging their fucking bets like all these other assholes do and let's go, let's do it. So people need to have their and then there's a bunch of other stuff, but at the end, so people need to have their battle rifles ready and everything ready at their bedside. And you've got to be ready because the media is so disciplined in their deception.

So this is, you're saying that this is a call to violence against the media.

That's what it sounded like to us at the time. And there have been a number of incidents of violence against the media. And again, I take my responsibility for what happens on the platform and how that translates off platform very seriously. And that felt like it was an incitement to

violence. If he only tweeted the incitement to violence would have been fun. If he only only tweeted that trans posted that transcript saying your Battle Rifles ready, you wouldn't have deleted his account.

Again, context matters to him. It's not about one thing. So we'd have to look at the entire context of what's going on. So I'm

asking Was that was that egregious enough for you to say that alone? That wasn't? That wasn't that was number two. Right. Right. So then I guess the question is, what was the video context of the kid being thrown to the ground? Was it newsworthy?

We obviously didn't think so. And depicting violence against a child is not something that we would allow on the platform, even if it's news content. If it was, there are certain types of situations where if you were reporting on, you know, warzone, and things that might be happening, we would put an interstitial on that type of content that's graphic or violent, but we didn't feel that that was the context here.

Well, so here's a video that's been going around that was going around few, four or five weeks ago, the one where the girls were yelling at that big giant guy, and the guy punched that girl in the face and she was like, 11 years old. I saw that multiple times on Twitter. That was one of the most violent things that we're seeing this giant man punch this 11 year old girl in the face. And that was was that removed from Twitter?

I don't know. I would have to go see if anyone reported it to us.

I think one of the issues here is to is you

want me I get to the third one. So the third strike that we looked at was a verbal altercation that Alex got into with a journalist and in that altercation there, which was uploaded to Twitter, there were a number of statements using eyes of the rat, even more evil looking person, he is just scum. You're a virus to America and freedom smelling like a possum that climbed out of the rear end of a dead cow. You look like a possum that got caught doing some really, really nasty stuff in my view. So it was a bunch of that's really that's hilarious pattern in practice, but it was just horrible altercation that was posted on our blog. So so. So we took the totality of this, and been warned that we have rules against abuse and harassment of individuals. We saw this pattern in practice. One strike two strike three strikes, and we made a decision to permanently and

so that last one was on Periscope, is that what it was that he broadcast through?

I think it was originally on Periscope, but it was also reposted from multiple related accounts onto Twitter.

So we can we can agree with you when you say these things. Like you know, Alex said this sounds like a threat. He was berating this person saying awful things. But ultimately your judgement is the context. You say we have to pay attention to the context, we're just trusting that you made the right decision.

Well, I'm I'm giving you as much facts as I can give you here. And I think that this is the real hard part of content moderation at scale on global platforms. It's not easy, and I don't think Jack Araya would tell you that it's easy.

So preposterous volume you guys have to deal with. And that's one of the things that I wanted to get into with Jack when I first had him on. Because when my thought and I wasn't as concerned about the censorship, as many people were, my main concern was, what is it like to start this thing that's kind of for fun, and then all of a sudden, it becomes the premier platform for free speech on the planet Earth. So

it is that but it's also a platform that's used to abuse and harass a lot of people and used in ways that none of us want it to be used. But nonetheless, it happens. So and I think it's an enormous ly complicated challenge for any company to do content, moderation at scale. And that's something that we are sitting down thinking about, how do we take this forward? Because this is it doesn't

go so well. So let's let's take the other context. Now we've heard what you said why what Alex Jones did was bad. And now we can look at it this way. Oliver Darcy, who has on numerous occasions insulted conservatives recently on CNN called them gullible being sold red meat by Grifters repeatedly covers a story, I'm going to do air quotes because I think to an extent he is allowed to cover these stories. He keeps going after Alex Jones, he keeps digging through his history. Then he goes on TV and says we got him banned. Then Alex Jones confronts him in a very aggressive and meanwhile, and that's your justification for why I should say I inverted the timeline. Basically, you have someone who's relentlessly digging through stuff insulting you, you know, calling you names, sifting through your history, trying to find anything they can to get you terminated, going on TV, even writing numerous stories, you confront them and say you're evil, and you say a bunch of really awful mean things. And then you ban him, right?

And then you post that information all over the internet. Right? But you have a journalist

who recently went on TV and said CPAC is a bunch of gullible conservatives being fed red meat by Grifters, you can tell this guy's not got honest, an honest agenda. So what you have it to me it looks like the conservatives, to an extent probably will try and mass flag people on the left. But from an ideological standpoint, you have the actual you know, whatever people want to call it, sect of identitarian left that believe free speech is a problem that have literally shown up in Berkeley burning free speech signs. And then you have conservatives who are tweeting mean things, and the conservatives are less likely in, I think it's fair to point out less likely to try and get someone else banned, because they like playing off them. And the left is is targeting them. So you end up having disproportionate

a lot of assumptions and what you're saying, and I don't know what basis you're saying those things.

I mean, you have conservatives demanding free speech, and you have liberals, I shouldn't say liberals, you have what people refer to as the regressive left, calling for the restrictions on speech. You have these,

I don't know what those terms mean, to be honest with you. We have people on all sides of the spectrum who believe in free speech, and I believe that to be the case.

So your platform restricts speech, our

platform promotes speech, unless people violate our rules, and

a specific direction, in any direction. But uncle, I don't wanna say his name, the guy who calls for death gets a suspension, the guy who insinuates that gets a permanent ban. But

Tim, you're you're misinterpreting what I'm saying. And I feel like you're doing it deliberately. It's not about one particular thing. It's about a pattern and practice of violin pattern

and practice of banning only one faction of people and I recently published an article where they looked at 22 High profile bandings from 2015 and found 21 of them were only on one side of the cultural debate,

but I don't look at the political spectrum of people when I'm looking at their to you you have a bias AR

you're biased and you're you're targeting specific individuals because your rules support this perspective.

No, I don't agree with that. Well, so

can you be clear though, Unlike what rules support that specifically,

the easiest one is misgendering. Right? Because that's so clearly ideological, if you ask a conservative, what is misgendering, they'll say if someone is biologically male, and you call them, you know, a biological man, you hold them mushy, that's Miss gender as a conservative view, the progressive view is inverted. So now you actually have in your policies, a rule against the conservative perspective,

I have a rule against the abuse and harassment of trans people on our platform. That's what my role is, we just give context in the background as to why that is, and I brought some some research. So we obviously received a lot of feedback. So we don't make these rules in a vacuum. And just to be clear, we have a bunch of people all around the world to give us context and the types of behavior they're seeing how that translates into real world harm. And they give us feedback. And they tell us like you should consider different types of rules, different types of perspectives different, like, for example, when we try to enforce hateful conduct in our hateful conduct policy in your particular country, we are not going to know all the slur words that are used to target people of a particular race or particular religion. So we're going to rely on building out a team of experts all around the world who are going to help us enforce our rules. So in the particular case of misgendering, I'm just trying to pull up some of the studies that we looked at, but we looked at the American Association of Pediatrics and looked at the number of transgender youths that were committing suicide, it's an astronomical I'm sorry, I can't find it right now, in front of me, there's a really, really high statistic that's like 10 times what the normal suicide rate is, of normal teenagers. And we looked at the causes of what that was happening. And a lot of was not just violence towards those individuals, but it was bullying behavior, and what was what were those bullying behaviors that were contributing to that. And that's why we made this rule, because we thought, and we believe that those types of behaviors were happening on our platform, and we wanted to stop it. There are exceptions to this rule. We don't. And this is all this isn't about, like public figures. And there's always gonna be public figures that you're gonna want to talk about. And that's, that's fine. But this is about, are you doing something with the intention of abusing and harassing a trans person on the platform? And are they viewing it that way and reporting it to us, so that we take action. So

so I will just state I actually agree with the rule. And from my point of view, I agree that bullying and harassing trans people isn't entirely entirely wrong, disagree with it. But I just want to make sure it's clear to everybody who's listening. My point is simply that, you know, Ben Shapiro went on a talk show and absolutely refused. And that's his shtick, you know, and he's one of the biggest podcasts in the world. So if you have all of his millions upon millions of followers who are looking at this rule, saying, This goes against my view of the world, and it's literally 60 plus million in this country, you do have a rule that's ideologically bent. And it's true, you you did the research, you believe this? Well, then you have Ben Shapiro who did his research and doesn't believe it.

Yeah. And I relied on the American Association of Pediatrics and Human Rights Council and other

I'm sure he has his sources, too, for when he gives his statements. The point is, but

just wonder if they have that context. I mean, and that's, and that's where we have also felt it was just explaining the why behind a lot of

reasons. I would agree. And I think it's fine. You did research and you found this to be true. But we can't simply say Maybe Ben Shapiro and other conservatives who feel this way don't know, we have to we can't, you know, the point I'm trying to make is it's simply whether you believe it, but whether you justify it or not, is not the point. The point is you do you do have this rule, that rule is at odds with conservatives, period.

Well, I think I think that you're you're generalizing. But I think it is really important, as Jack said to the why behind these things. The why is to protect people from abuse and harassment on our

planet, I understand, but you essentially created a protected class if this is the case, because despite these studies, and what you know, these studies are showing, there's a gigantic suicide rate amongst trans people period. It's a 40%. It's outrageously large. Now, whether that is because of gender dysphoria with us because of the complications from sexual surgery, sexual transition surgery, whether it's because of bullying, whether it's because of this awful feeling of being born in the wrong gender, whether that all that is yet to be determined. The fact that they've shown that there's a large amount of trans people that are committing suicide. I don't necessarily think that that makes that makes sense in terms of people from someone's perspective, like Ben Shapiro, saying that if you are biologically female, if you were born with a double X chromosome, you will never be x y. If he says that, that's that's a violation of your policy. And this is you're creating a protected class to beat to be fair, targeted,

targeted at or targeting.

Press that opinion. So with the silly anti Don't express that opinion if he's doing in a manner that's targeted at an individual repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly and saying that okay,

but what about the intent? You know what's going on with Martina Navratilova right now? Martina natural of why can I say your last name? And I've never? I don't think I've ever said it. Martina inevitable to Lova is it Talofa Trillo. Anyway, epic world class legend tennis player who happened to be a lesbian is being harassed, because she says that she doesn't believe that trans women meaning someone who is biologically male who transitions to a female should be able to compete in sports against biological females. This is something that I agree with. This is something I have personally experienced a tremendous amount of harassment, because I stood up when there was a woman who was a trans woman who was fighting biological females in mixed martial arts fights and destroying these women. And I was saying, you just watch this and tell me this doesn't look crazy to you? Well, good. Well, my point is, you should be able to express yourself. If you say that you believe someone is biologically male, even though they identify as a female, that's a perspective that should be valid, mean that this is someone's someone's, this is, first of all, it's biologically correct. So we we have a problem in that, if your standards and your policies are not biologically accurate, then you're dealing with an ideological, you know, an ideological policy. And just because, I mean, I don't, I don't want to target trans people, I don't want to harass them I serve, I'll call anybody, whatever they want. Me, if you want to change your name to a woman's name and identify as a woman, I'm 100% cool with that. But by saying I don't think that you should be able to compete as a woman, this opens me up for harassment, and I never recorded any of it. I just don't pay attention to it. But

in going into, like MEGAN MURPHY, for instance, right, you can call that target harassment. If MEGAN MURPHY who was for those that don't know, she's a radical feminist who refuses to use the transgender pronouns. If she's in an argument with a trans person over whether or not they should be allowed in sports or in biologically female spaces, and she refuses to use their pronoun because of her ideology. You'll ban them.

Again, it depends on the context on the platform. And it's also what not banned permanently, like you get

one she was banned permanently. But let's say she was warned about what happened. She was explaining to me, what what did she actually do? My

understanding, and I don't have the tweet by tweet the way that I did for the others. But my understanding is that she was warned multiple times for misgendering, an individual that she was in an argument with, and this individual is actually bringing a lawsuit against her in Canada as well. So if

you have an argument between two people, again, you have a rule that enforces only one side of the ideology, and you've found only one of those people, we have

a rule that attempts to address what we have perceived to be instances of abuse or harassment. She

was ideology, right. But it's an ideology, right? If she's saying a man is never a woman, if that's what she's saying, and then biologically, she's correct, we obviously have a debate here, this is not a clear cut. This is not something like you could say water is wet, you know, this is dry, it's this is not like something you can prove. This is something where you, you have to acknowledge that there's an understanding that if someone is a trans person, we all agree to consider them a woman and to think of them as a woman to talk to them and address them with their preferred name and their preferred pronouns. But biologically, this is not accurate. So we have we have a divide here, we have a divide between the conservative estimation of what's happening. And then the definition. That's the liberal definition of it.

I think that's right, Joe. And I think what I'm trying to say is that it's not that you can't have those viewpoints. It's as if you're taking those viewpoints, and you're targeting at them at a specific person in a way that reflects your intent to abuse and harassment. What

if it's in the context of the conversation? What if she's saying that I don't think that trans women should be allowed in these female spaces to make decisions for women. And then this person's arguing and she says, a woman is biologically female, you are never going to be a woman she

responded with men aren't women, though. And that was her first in the series of events. That's what got her the suspension and the warning. That

was one of many tweets that were part of providing context. And that was actually the second second actually, strike is my understanding. But why is that a strike?

Yeah. Why is that a strike that,

but again, like it's the context of I don't, I don't have all the tweets in front of me there were like 10 or 12 tweets going back and forth. And my understanding is that in the context of all of those, she was misgendering a particular person, not that she was holding a bumper sticker. No, it wasn't it. I don't know. It

was. So you're having you're having an individual who is debating a high profile individual in her community, and she's expressing her her ideology of versus hers, and you have opted to ban one of those ideologies.

It's within the context of this conversation. This is this is what is being debated whether or not someone is in fact, a woman when they were born a male.

I understand that this is controversial. I do i Especially to a radical feminists, I understand why why people would not agree with the rule. But that being said, it is a rule on our platform. And once you're warned about the rule, to repeatedly post the same content, is also going to be a violation of our rules.

Right. But the rule, it's this seems like a good example of an ideologically based rule. If you're if she's saying that a man is never a woman, though, that is not in that context, harassment, that is a very specific opinion that she has that happens to be biologically accurate. Now, I don't, you know, I don't agree with targeting harassment on anybody and I targeted harassment on trans people or, or straight people or whatever, I don't I don't agree with it. I don't think you should do it. It's just it's not something I want to do. But in this context, what she's saying is not just her her expression, but it's accurate.

I think an important point is, if I tweeted to you, Joe, Joe, you are not a hamster. That's clearly not a violation of the rules. However, there are identify as a hamster. Well, no, it wouldn't be clear, because I know, I know, people who have specifically begun using insults of animals to avoid getting kicked off the platform for breaking the rules. certain individuals who have been suspended now use certain small woodland creatures in place of slurs. So they're not really insulting you and it's fine. But there are people who consider themselves trans species. Now, I'm not trying to belittle the trans community, by no means. I'm just trying to point out that you have a specific rule for one set of people. And there, there are people who have general body dysphoria, you don't have rules on that. There are people who have actually amputated their own arms, you don't have rules on that you have a very specific rule set. And in more importantly, in the context of a targeted conversation, I can say a whole bunch of things that would never be considered a rule break. But that one is which is ideologically driven.

Yeah, thank you for the feedback. I mean, we're we're, again, always learning and trying to understand different people's perspectives. And all I will say is that our intent is not to police ideology. Our intent is to police behaviors that we view as abuse, movement, harassment, and I hear your point of view, and it's something that I'll definitely discuss with my team.

And even in this case, it would it wasn't just a going against this particular rule, but also things that were more ban evasive as well, including taking a screenshot of the original tweet reposting it, which is against our terms. Well, that sounds like it's more reactions.

It sounded like a protest against your rule. But I understand you got banned for it.

But people can protest any one of our rules. We can't We can't like let them do that.

No, no, I agree. I understand. You're saying but I just want to make sure I point out she was clearly doing it as an effort to push back on what she viewed as an ideologically driven rule.

Well, this is the problem is this is a real debate in the LGBT community. This is a debate where there's a division, and there's a division between people that think that trans women are invading biological female spaces and making decisions that don't benefit these biological females cisgender, whatever you want to call them. This is an actual debate. And it's a debate debate amongst progressive people amongst left wing people. And it's a debate amongst liberals. This is I mean, I would imagine the vast majority of people in the LBGT community are in fact, on the left. And this is one example of that. So you have a protected class. That's having an argument with a woman who feels like there's an ideological bent to this conversation that is not not only not accurate, but not fair. And she feels like it's not fair for biological women. The same as Martina. Well,

I'll take this to its logical conclusion, I got sent a screenshot from somebody, and maybe it's faked. I think it was real. They were having an argument with someone on Twitter and responded with dude, comma, you don't know blah, blah, blah. And they got a suspension and a lockout had delete the tweet, because the individual using a cartoon avatar with a eight with the name, which apparently was Sam reported it and said that I'm transgender, and he's calling me dude, and the dude and the Twitter user actually got a suspension for it so I can understand mistakes happen. But when you have a rule that's like that, there's colloquial terms that are like man, come on. Don't say that

dude is like we say like, like I asked you guys, when you were going to take a photo in front of this thing. I said, guys, but I included you

and I didn't. I wasn't offended. You reported you for it.

Thank you. Yeah, it's it's tricky. But in this case of MEGAN MURPHY, that's her name, right? Yeah. Yeah, I did. That doesn't make any sense to me. That seems like she should be allowed to express herself in this. This is not being she's not being mean. By saying a man is never a woman. This is a perspective that that is scientifically accurate. And that's that's part of the problem. I

just don't want to run into beating a dead horse. So I think I want to, it's

a really important thing to go over all the nuances of this particular subject, because I think that one in particular highlights this idea of where the problems lie and having a protected class and

be compassionate. We have a lot of protected classes, gender, race, nationality, like these are the protected

classes, not for white people. When you say gender or race, when it's not

all protected categories, so you can't attack someone for their belonging to a particular race or particular religion. Well, you

can mock white people ad nauseam, it's not a problem, it doesn't get it doesn't get removed.

I'm not talking about mocking, I'm talking about abusing and harassing. But I mean, if you mock

a black person in the same way, it would be considered targeted racism.

Again, it's about targeted harassment on the platform. But well,

what is targeted harassment? I mean, but when you're okay, like, if you have what is racism? is racism only mean there's this progressive perspective of racism, that it's only possible if you're from a more powerful class, so when punching down, that's the only racism I don't think that makes any sense. I think racism is looking at someone that is from whatever, whatever race and deciding that they are, in fact, less or less worthy, or less valuable, whatever it is, that that takes place, across the platform against white people. Now, I'm not saying white people need to be protected. I know it's easier being a white person in America, it's a fact. But it's hypocritical. To have a policy that only distinguishes you can make fun of white people all day long. But if you decide to make fun of Asian folks, or you know, fill in the blank, that is racist, but making fun of white people isn't and it doesn't get removed. There are tons of tickling about Sarah Jiang from the New York Times. That's, uh,

well, I can actually explain that one, please do that was my understanding is that you guys started banning people, official entities policies around 2015. And most all the tweets you made was prior to that. And so you didn't enforce the

old tweet. So our hateful conduct policy, Joe, just to be clear, is is across the board, meaning like, it doesn't just protect women protects men and women, it protects all races, it doesn't matter. And this is how the law is set up in the United States, right? You can't discriminate against white men, you can't discriminate against black men like those are the laws, right? Like that's the structure it is it doesn't it doesn't take into consideration. So if

someone says something about white people and mocks white people on Twitter, what do you do about that? If it's targeted harassment targeted at a person? So just white people in general, if you say something about white people in general, it's not an issue that Well,

I mean, we focus on targeted harassment, which is behavior that is targeted against an individual who belongs to that class, okay? Because if you try to police every opinion that people have about different races or religions, obviously, that's a very different story. So this is about if you target that to somebody who belongs to that class. And that's reported to us, that is a violation of our rules. And so in the Sarah Jiang case, a lot, we did see many tweets of that nature that were focused on people who are white or men. And our rules in this area came into effect in 2015, which was our hateful conduct policy. And a lot of those tweets were from a time period where those rules weren't

enough. And in her defense, she was actually supposedly responding to people that have you don't believe that come on

over three years. And she's tweeting blankets. Yeah, sure, sure. But so I will say to obviously, I've done

my one point. So in that case, there were tweets from before the rules went into effect and tweets from after the rules went into effect. And we did take action on the tweets from after the rules went into she's also

pretty young. But yeah, so I

want to point. Yeah, she's in her 20s. Yeah,

so we're talking about something that might have happened eight years ago. Right.

Right. So 20, it was like 2011 to 13. But I do want to point this out. Before coming on. I've obviously did not I did a decent amount of research. I searched for slurs against white people, black people, Latinos, and I found copious, just just tons and tons of them. Now, they don't go back up most of what I found and go back to Fox, it does seem like you guys are doing your best. But there's a lot and it targets white people, black people, Jewish people, it's everywhere. And I can I can I can understand that you guys, you got hundreds of millions. But let's let's let's let's try another subject just

just to address that point. And I think Jack talked about this a little bit like this is where right now we have a system that relies on people to report it to us, which is a huge burden on people. And especially if you're happen to be a high profile person and to me you would you would understand this, you're not going to sit there and report every tweet and Joe understand this. Like it's not worth your time. You're not going to go through tweet by tweet as people respond to you and report it. People tell us this all the time. This is where we have to start getting better at identifying when this is happening, and taking action on it without waiting for somebody to tell us it's

using an algorithm though do you not In this context, I mean, it seems to me that there's a lot of people that say things in humor, you know, they are

slurs within particular communities, which is perfectly reasonable. Right? Right. So yes, there is a danger of the algorithm is missing context. And that's why we we really want to go carefully into this. And this is why we've scoped down first and foremost, to Daxing, which is, at least first hit our number one goal, protecting physical safety, like making sure that nothing done online will impact someone's physical safety offline on our platform in this case, the second is that there are patterns around Daxing that are much easier to see, without having the context there are there are exceptions, of course, because you could docs, someone's public, you know, representatives public office, phone number and email address. And the algorithm might catch that not have the context that this is a US representative. And this information is already public. So

essentially, this just it highlights how insanely difficult it is to monitor all of these posts. And then what is the volume? Like? What are we dealing with? Like, how many posts do you guys get a day,

hundreds of millions of posts a day?

And how many human beings are manually reviewing any of these things?

I don't have that that number a lot.

A lot. 1000s, hundreds of 1000s? How many employees? You guys have we have 4000

employees around

the world? That's it? Yeah,

we have. We have 4000 employees. The reason?

That's crazy, though, but stop and think about that 4000 People that are monitoring hundreds of millions of tweets, and

we have a we have a we have a small team who's monitoring tweets, and some of them are employed by us. Some of them are contractors throughout throughout the world. So 4000 employees, total 4000 employees who are engineers who are designers who are lawyers, so

the number of people actually monitoring tweets is probably less than 1000.

Well, the reason we don't give out specific is we need to scale these dynamically, right? If we see a particular event within a within country, we might hire 100 more people on contract to deal with it, right. Whereas they may not be full time and with us the entire time,

they have the ability to take down tweets, they have they have the so

as we get reports, it goes into a queue. And those are ranked by severity. And then we have people who look at our rules and look at the look at the tweets and look the behavior and the context around it. And they have the ability to go down that enforcement spectrum, that video talked about one, make people log in, read why it's a violation over tweet and delete it to temporary suspensions. And finally, a permanent suspension, which is the absolute last resort, which we ultimately do not want to do. We want to make sure that our rules are also guided towards incentivizing more healthy conversation and more more participation. So

So let me ask you, the rules you have are not based in US law, right? US law doesn't recognize restrictions on hate speech, it's considered free speech. So if you want to stand on a street corner and yell the craziest things in the world, you're allowed to, on your platform, Twitter, you're not allowed to. So even in that sense, alone, your rules do have an ideology behind them. I don't completely disagree. I think, you know, I don't want harassment. But the reason I bring this up is getting into the discussion about democratic health of a nation. So I think it's, it can't be disputed at this point that Twitter is extremely powerful in influencing elections. You know, I'm pretty sure you guys published recently a bunch of tweets from foreign actors that were trying to meddle in elections. So even you as a company recognize that foreign entities are trying to manipulate people using this platform. So I there's a few things I want to ask beyond this. But if wouldn't it be important then to just as at a certain point, Twitter become so powerful in influencing elections and giving access to even the President's tweets, that you should allow people to use the platform based under the norms of US law, First Amendment free speech, the right to expression on the platform, this is becoming too much of a, it's becoming too powerful, and how our elections are taking place. So even if you are saying, well, hate speech is our rule. And a lot of people agree with it. If at any point, one person disagrees, there's still an American who has a right to this, you know, to access to the public discourse. And you've essentially monopolized that and not completely, but for the most part. So isn't there some responsibility on you to guarantee at a certain extent, less regulation happen? Right? Like, look, if you if you recognize foreign governments are manipulating our elections, Then shouldn't you guarantee the right to an American to access this platform to be involved in the electoral process?

I'm not sure I see the the the tie between those things, but I will address one of your points, which was we're not we're a platform that serves the world. So we're a global 75% of the users of Twitter outside of the United States. Right. So we don't apply laws on just one country. When we're thinking about it. We think about how do you have a global standard that can meet over the threshold of as many countries as possible, because we want all the people in the world to be able to participate in

the conversation, and also meet elections, like the Indian election coming up as well. Right.

And I'm my understanding is you're also accused of being biased against conservatives in India recently. There was a report on that, as well, as you held up a sign that said something offensive about the Brahmin. Yeah. So in that sense, even in other countries, you're accused of the same things that you're being accused of by American conservatives. I

think that the situations are very, very different. And I don't think that that the ideologies in play are the same at all.

Well, so the reason I bring can we clarify that?

I am not sure what you're talking about. But we we did have our vice president public policy, testified in front of Indian parliament a couple of weeks ago, and he was they were really focused on election integrity and safety, and abuse and harassment of women and political figures and the likes. So my,

my concern, I guess, is I recognize you're a globe, you're a company that serves the world. But as an American, I have a concern that the democracy I live in the Democratic Republic, I'm sorry, and the Democratic functions are healthy. One of the biggest threats is, you know, Russia and Russia, Iran, China, they're trying to meddle in our elections using your platform. And it's effective, so much so that you have actually come out and removed many people. You know, Covington was apparently started by a companies in Brazil. You know, the Covington scandal where this fake news goes viral, was reported by CNN that it was a it was a dummy account, they were trying to prop it up. And they were pushing out this out of context information. So they do this, they use your platform to do it, you've now got a platform that is so powerful in our American discourse, that foreign governments are using it as weapons against us. And you've taken a stance against the laws of United States. I don't mean like against like you're breaking the law. I mean, you have rules that go beyond the scope of the US, which will restrict American citizens from being able to participate. Meanwhile, foreign actors are free to do so so long as they play by your rules. So our elections are being threatened by the fact that if there's an American citizen, who says I do not believe in your misgendering policy, and you banned them, that person has been removed from public discourse on Twitter, right, but they

don't get banned for saying they don't agree with it. For sure, specifically, violating it by targeting an individual let's

say in protest, an individual repeatedly says no, I refuse to use your pronouns in like Meghan Murphy's case, and she's Canadian, so I don't want to use her specifically, the point I'm trying to make is at a certain level, there are going to be American citizens who have been removed from this public discourse, which has become so absurdly powerful foreign governments weaponize it, because you have different rules than the American country has.

So just to be clear, my understanding, and I'm not expert on all the platforms is that foreign governments use multiple, multiple different ways to interfere in elections. And it's not limited to our platform, nor wasn't limited to social media, but the President is our major, right president is on a lot of different platforms as as the White House,

I think it's fair to point out the media coverage of his Twitter account is insane. And they run new stories every time he tweets that and certainly

undeniable, I'm just pointing out that there are a number of different avenues for this, and individuals have choices and how they use the platform. So they'd

have other platforms, but he uses Twitter

almost exclusively. And what I'm trying to bring up is that if Twitter refuses to acknowledge this problem, you're facing regulation, I don't I don't know if you care about that. But at a certain point, which which problem, if you're going to restrict American citizens from participating in a platform where even the President speaks, and it's essentially you have a private, privately owned public space, if I could use an analogy that would be most apt. And you've set rules that are not recognized by the US. In fact, when it came to a supreme court hearing, they said hate speech is not a violation, it's actually protected free speech. So there's actual odds. So there might be someone who says I refuse to live by any other means than what the Supreme Court has set down. That means I have a right to hate speech, you will ban them. That means your platform is so powerful, it's being used to manipulate elections, and you have rules that are not recognized by the government to remove American citizens from that discourse. So as a private platform, you become too powerful to not be regulated if you refuse to allow people free speech.

But I'm trying to pick apart the connection, I think. So. Yes, we do have an issue with foreign entities and misinformation. And this is a extremely complicated issue, which we're just beginning to understand and grasp and take action on. I don't think that issue is solved purely by not being more aggressive on something else that is taking people off the platform entirely as well, which is abuse and harassment. It's a cost benefit analysis, ultimately, and our rules are designed again, and you know, they don't always manifest this way in the outcomes, but in terms of what we're trying to drive is opportunity for every single person to be able to speak freely on the platform and that's

absolutely not true. You don't allow hate, love hate speech. So free speech is not on your platform, I

should speak for everyone that create the opportunity for everyone to speak on our service, unless they've Alright, it's hate speech, right. And then in part of that the recognition that we're taking action on is that when some people encounter particular conduct, that we see them wanting to remove themselves from the platform completely, which goes against that principle of enabling everyone to speak or giving people the opportunity to speak are so rules are focused on the opportunities presented. And we have particular outcomes to make sure that those opportunities are possible. Let's let's

separate the first the point I made about foreign governments was just to explain the power that your platform holds, and how it can be weaponized. We'll separate that now, when Antifa shows up to Berkeley and bashes a guy over there with a bike lock, that is suppressing his speech, right? That's an act of physical violence. However, when Antifa links hands and blocks a door so that no one can go to an event, that is also legally allowed, right? So what you're saying is that if someone is engaging in behavior, such as going on Twitter and shouting someone down relentlessly, that's something external to what happens in in the world under the US government, I am allowed to scream very close to you, and not let you speak in public. But on Twitter, you don't allow that. So there's a dramatic difference between what Twitter thinks is okay, and what the US government thinks is okay, how our democracy functions and how Twitter functions. The issue I'm pointing out, is that we know Twitter is becoming extremely important in how our public discourse is occurring, how our cultural culture is developing, and who even gets elected. So if you have rules that are based on a global policy, that means American citizens who are abiding by all of the laws of our country are being restricted from engaging in public discourse, because you've monopolized it. Can I

counter that, though, because these foreign governments are restricted by the same rules. So if they violate those same rules, they will be they will be removed, play within those rules, they can participate in the discourse, even if they are just trying to manipulate our elections. On the other hand, if the people that are on the platform, play by those rules, they can also counteract

unless their ideology goes in line with US law and is legally allowed, as opposed to what you allow. So foreign governments can can absolutely keep making new accounts and keep botting and keep manipulating. They can even post things that will go viral, and they get banned and not care, right. But a private American citizen can say, Here's my opinion, I refuse to back down. So you will ban him. So we can see that at a certain point, you have your Twitter is slowly gaining, in my opinion, too much control from your personal ideology based on what you've researched what you think is right over American discourse, if you if Twitter and that's kind of my opinion, I'm not a lawmaker. But I would have to assume if Twitter refuses to say in the United States, you are allowed to say what is legally acceptable period, then lawmakers only choice will be to enforce regulation on your company.

Actually time I spent quite a bit of time talking to lawmakers as part of my role as head of public policy, spent a lot of time in DC, I want to say that Jack and I have both spent a lot of time in DC. And I think from the perspective of lawmakers, they across the spectrum are also in favor of policing, abuse and harassment online and bullying online. Well, it's those are things that people care about, because they affect their children if they affect their communities, and they affect individuals. And so I don't think that as a private American business, we can have different standards than what an American government owned corporations or American government would have to institute. Those are two different things American, and I understand your point about the influence. And I'm not denying that certainly, Twitter is an influential platform. But like anything, whether it's the American law, or the rules of Twitter, or the rules of Facebook, or walls of any platform, there are rules, and those rules have to be followed. So it is your choice, whether to follow those rules and to continue to participate in a civic dialogue and choice to not do that.

Absolutely. You've monopolized public discourse to an extreme degree and you say my way or the highway, we are facing

Tim, we haven't monopolize it. There are many different avenues for people to continue to have a voice. There are many different platforms that offer that we are largely influential. And I'm not trying to take away from that. And we're a very important one, you

don't need to be the most important. It's just that you are extremely important. And that's and that's a compliment. Twitter has become extremely powerful. But at a certain point, you should not have the right to control what people are allowed to say no private, or look, I'm a social liberal. I think we should regulate you guys, because you are unelected officials running your system, the way you see fit against the wishes of a democratic republic. And there are people who disagree with you are being excised from public discourse because of your ideology that terrifies me. And we can take it one step further.

Just Just so I understand. So are you suggesting that we don't have any policies around abuse and harassment on the platform? I'm I'm trying to understand what what it is you're saying, because I'm not I'm not sure I'm following you. So you don't think we have any rules about abuse and harassment. So even the the threats that you received that. But you mentioned a number of threats that you receive, and you're quite frustrated that we hadn't taken action on, you think we shouldn't have rules that

I'm frustrated because of the hypocrisy, I'll say, when I, when I see, I see the flow of One Direction. And then what I see are Republican politicians who in my opinion, are just too ignorant to understand what the hell's going on around them. And I see people burning signs that say free speech, I see you openly saying, we recognize the power of our platform, and we're not going to abide by American norms. I see the manipulation of Twitter for in violation of our elections. I see democratic operatives in Alabama, waging a false flag campaign using fake Russian accounts. And the and the guy who runs that company has not been banned from your platform, even after it's been written by the New York Times he was doing this. So we know that not only are people manipulating your platform, you have rules that remove honest American citizens with bad opinions who have a right to engage in public discourse. And it's like you recognize it, but you like having the power? I'm not quite sure at what point to

get back to my point. So you believe that Twitter should not have any rules about abuse and harassment or any sort of hate speech on the platform

that that's your personal that's that's that's extremely reductive. I don't know that maybe maybe too simplistic. The point I'm trying to make is, but

But you ain't you're trying to make your you're asking us to comply with the US law that would criminalize potential speech and put people in jail for it. And you're asking us to enforce those those terms? Well,

I mean, if you incite death, you will, it's a crime, you can vote you can go to jail for that. So at the very least you could you like when you when you have people on your platform who've committed crime, you don't ban them? I say, well, that's really weird. And then when you have people on your platform, who say a bad naughty word, you do ban them, I say, well, that's really weird. I mean, I've seen people get banned for for tweeting an end to you, I understand what they're trying to do. And they tweet letters that you check, but they get suspended for it, they get a threat, you know, like you can't let's let's talk about learn to code. What

do you what do you mean by that? So, so there

are people who know that they can tweet a single letter, and the next person knows what letter they need to tweet. You see, I'm saying so you'll see, you know, one user will say, and the next user will put an eye the next user really? Yes. And so they get suspended for doing so. And these are these are the people who are trying to push the buttons on the rules, right? They get suspended for that. Absolutely. So because I think here's the thing, I think I think your team understands what they're doing. However, you get really dangerous territory. If someone someone accidentally tweets and and you assume they're trying to engage in a Harassment campaign, which is why I said, let's talk about learn to code.

But we do we do look at coordination of it, of accounts.

We're not, we're not direct messages.

I don't know about direct messages. But until you read direct messages, we don't read direct messages, we

don't read them unless someone reports a direct message to us that

they have received. And so you read their direct message that they send to you. So

if if you have a direct message, and someone says something terrible, and then like you receive a death threat and your report that to us, then we would read it, because you've reported it to

Does anyone in the company have access to direct messages other than that?

Only in the context, again, of reviewing reports that are not accessible? Not to my knowledge, I don't know what you mean, like we're not accessible? We're not reading them?

Is it possible that someone could go into Tim's direct messages and just read his direct messages? I don't think so. So if Tim writes an N, and I write an i, and Jamie writes a G, can you go into our direct messages and say, Hey, let's fuck with Jack. And we're gonna write this stuff out. And we're going to do it. And let's, let's see if they ban us. You can't read that?

I don't think so.

So if that's the case, I want to know if there was a concerted effort. And

I think what he's saying is like, if we if we do see those train of replies, and that is that is coordination.

You know what people are doing? Right? The question is, how

do you prove it? Well,

I think beyond the end, like, you know, the first person who put the letter you can't prove he did it, but everybody else you kind of can, but I don't think we would. Well, I've look, I can say this, I've been sent numerous screenshots from people screenshots can be faked. I recognize that but I, I've seen people actually tweet, and then I've seen the tweet, follow right after one one letter. Yeah, someone tweeted at you, someone decently high profile, a big YouTuber tweeted an end at you and then got like a 12 hour suspension. But let's talk about learn to code. Right? And why are people being suspended for tweeting, hashtag learn to code? We

did some research on this. Yes,

we did some research on this. So there was a situation I guess about a month ago or so, where a number of journalists were receiving a variety of tweets, some containing learn to code, some containing a bunch of other coded language that was wishes of harm. These were 1000s and 1000s of tweets being directed at a handful of journalists. And we did some research and what we found was A number of the accounts that were engaging in this behavior, which was tweeting at the journalists with this either learn to code or things like day of the rope and other coded language, were actually banned evasion accounts, that means accounts that had been previously suspended. And we also learned that there was a targeted campaign being organized off our platform to abuse and harass these journalists. That's not true.

See, here's the thing, an activist who works for NBC wrote that story, and then lobbied you, you issued an official statement. And then even the editor in chief of The Daily Caller, got a suspension for tweeting learned Dakota the day at The Daily Show.

So I have never talked to anybody from NBC about this issue. So I'm no

so they report it don't misrepresent me, they report it in the narrative goes far and wide amongst your circles, then all of a sudden, you're seeing high profile, conservatives tweeting a joke or getting suspensions.

So again, some of these tweets actually contained death threats, wishes of harm, other coded language that we've seen to mean, death to journalists. So it wasn't about just the learn to code, it was about the context that we were doing.

That's just not true. The editor in chief of The Daily Caller was suspended for tweeting nothing but hashtag learn to code.

So Tim, can I can I finish what I'm saying? Yeah, so we were looking at the context. And what was happening is there were journalists receiving hundreds of tweets, some had death threats, some had wishes of harm, some just learned to code. And in that particular context, we made a decision, we consider this this type of behavior, but dogpiling, which is when all of a sudden individuals are getting tons and tons of tweets at them, they feel very abused or harassed on the platform.

We pause this because this was super confusing for people who don't know the context. The learn to code thing is in response to people saying that people that are losing their jobs like coal miners, and truck drivers and things like that could learn to code. This was it was almost like ingest initially, or if it wasn't ingest initially, it was so poorly thought out as a suggestion that people started mocking it. Right? Correct. So

the first stories that came out, were simply like can miners learn to code? No miners, right? And the hashtag learn to code is just a meme. It's not even necessarily a conservative one that you will see more conservatives using it was

people are using it to mock how stupid the idea of taking a person who's on educators in their 50s Who should learn some new form of vocation, and then someone says learn to code. And so then other people when they're losing their job, or when something's happening, people would write learn to code because it's a meme. Well,

not even necessarily I would I would just characterize learn to code as a meme that represents the elitism of modern journalists and how they target certain communities with disdain. Okay, so to make that point, there are people who have been suspended for tweeting something like I'm not too happy with how you know BuzzFeed reported the story, hashtag learn to code, right? Making representation of these people are snooty elites who live in ivory towers. But But again, you know, this is a meme that has nothing to do with harassment. But you know what, some people might be harassing somebody who might tweet it, why would we expect to see even still today, I'm still getting messages from people with screenshots saying, I've been suspended for using a hashtag. And the editor in chief of The Daily Caller. Right. He he took he quote, tweeted a video from The Daily Show with hashtag learn to code. And he got a suspension for it. So why

why learn to code? Why is that alone? So egregious, and I don't think it is so egregious, just something rendered stuck in an algorithm. No, it was a, again, a specific set of issues that we were seeing, targeting a very specific set of journalists. And it wasn't just the learn to code, it was a couple of things going on. A lot of the accounts, tweeting, learn to code were banned debaters, which means curiously been suspended. A lot of the accounts had other language in them, or have tweets out other language like day of the brick day of the rope, oven ready. These are all coded meanings for violence against people. And so and the people who are receiving this, we're receiving hundreds of these, in what appeared to us to be a coordinated Harassment campaign. And so we were trying to understand the context of what was going on and take action on them. Because again, I don't know, Joe, if you've ever been the target of dogpiling event on Twitter, but it is not particularly fun, when 1000s of people or hundreds of people are tweeting at you and saying things and that's can be viewed as a form of harassment. And it's not about the individual tweet, it is about the volume of things that are being directed, I understand. And so in that particular case, we made the judgment call and it is a judgment call to take down the tweets that were responding directly to these journalists that were saying learn to code even if they didn't have a wish of harm specifically attached to them because of what we viewed as coordinated attempt to harass them and again, like I was saying some of the other signals and coded language and we were worried that learn to code was taking on a different meaning understanding in that particular context.

So but in in the of itself though it still seems like there's alternative meanings to learn to code. It still could be used as Tim was saying to mark a liberal. Elite snooty picture

to pass. Yes, absolutely. I agree with you. So it's really about the context of what was happening in that situation and all those other things. I think in a very different situation, we would not take action on that. Okay.

But doesn't that seem like you're, you're throwing a blanket over a very small issue. I think learning to code in itself is very small, the blanket is cast over racism, the blanket is cast over this, all the other horrible things that are attached to it. But the horrible things that are attached to it, the real issue, this learn to code thing is kind of a legitimate protest, in people saying that these miners should learn to code that's kind of preposterous.

The first articles weren't mean, it was just it learned to code kind of identified, you have these journalists who are so far removed from Middle America, that they think you can take a 50 year old man who's never used a computer before and put them in a row. The stories I think were legitimate, yes, the point more so it was a meme. The hashtag, the idea of learn to code condenses this idea. And it's easy to communicate, especially when only have 280 characters, that there is a class of individual in this country. I think you mentioned on was it Sam Harris that the left these liberal journalists only follow each other in

the run up to the 25th 2016 elections. Yeah.

And so I mean, I, I still believe that to be true. I've worked in these offices, it

has changed. They've done the study, again, the visualization. And now there is a lot more cross pollination. But we what we saw is folks who are putting in the left end of the spectrum, mainly followed folks on the left, and folks on the right,

followed everyone, right, you were talking about earlier that there's bubbles,

there's there's bubbles, and we've helped create them and maintain them. So

here's what ends up happening. And this is one of the big problems that people have with this story. Particularly, particularly, you have a left wing activist who works for NBC News, I'm not accusing you of having read the article. He right he's he spends like a day lobbying to twitter saying, Guys, you have to do this, you have to make these changes. The next day, he writes a story saying that 4chan is organizing these, these these harassment campaigns and death threats. And while 4chan was doing threads about it, you can't accuse 4chan simply for talking about because Reddit was talking about it too, as was Twitter. So then the next day, he after he published his article, now he's getting threats. And then Twitter, he has a statement saying we will take action. And to make matters worse, when John Levine, a writer for the rap got a statement from one of your spokespeople saying, Yes, we are banning people for saying learn to code. A bunch of journalists came out and then lied. I had no idea why saying this is not true. This is fake news. Then a second statement was published by twitter saying it's part of a Harassment campaign. And so then the mainstream narrative becomes, oh, they're only banning people who are part of a Harassment campaign, but you literally see legitimate high profile individuals getting suspensions for joining in on a joke,

oh, they're there, for sure. Probably mistakes in there. I don't think that any of us are claiming that we got this 100%, right. And probably

our team having a lack of context and to actually what's happening as well. And we would fully admit, we probably were way too aggressive when we first saw this as well. So I made mistakes. I

hope this clarifies then you have situations like this where you can see, you know that this journalist, I'm not going to name him but he routinely has very like left wing, I don't want to use overtly esoteric words, but intersectional dogmatic points of view, right. So this is concerning. So like intersectional feminism is considered like a small ideology. It people refer to these groups as the regressive left or the Identitarian. Left. These are basically people who hold views that a person is judged based on the color of their skin, instead of the content of their character. So you have the right wing version, which is like the alt right, the left wing version, which is like intersectional feminism is how it's typically referred to so you'll see people say things like, you know, when they when typically when they rag on white men, or when they say like white feminism, these are these are signals that they hold these particular views. And these views are becoming more pervasive. So what ends up happening is you have a journalist who clearly holds these views. Don't you want to call him a journalist? He writes extremely biased and out of context story. Twitter takes action in response seemingly in response, then we can look what happens with Oliver Darcy at CNN. He says, you know, the people that see PAC are the Conservatives are gullible eating red meat from Grifters. Among other things, disparaging comments about the right. And he's the one who's primarily advocating for the removal of certain individuals who you then remove. And then when Kathy Griffin calls for Daxing, that's fine. When this guy calls for the death of these kids, he gets he gets a slap on the wrist. And look, I understand the context matters. But grains of sand to make a heap and eventually you have all of these stories piling up. And people are asking you why it only flows in one direction cuz I gotta be honest, I'd imagine that calling for the death three times of any individuals a bannable offense, even without a warning, just get rid of them. But that didn't happen. Right? We see these you know, people say men aren't women though and they get a suspension. We see people say the editor in chief of The Daily Caller, maybe the best example, hashtag learn to code, quoting the daily show and he gets us Pension threatening death and inciting death is a suspension to it feels like it's only going in one direction.

I think we have a lot of work to do to explain more clearly when we're taking action and why. And certainly looking into any mistakes we may have made in this particular situation. So

would you guys agree that in tech, I think we can all agree this, I would hope you agree. Tech tends to lean left. Like tech companies, Facebook, Twitter, Google,

I would be willing to bet that a conservative running a social network would not have a hate speech policy. I mean, you look at gab and you look at minds and minds, not even right wing,

right. They're not right wing at all. They're just they just staunchly support free speech. I don't think gab is necessarily I don't think the owner is necessarily right wing either.

I don't know much about him. I think he's like a libertarian. I don't want to

I don't want to specify either. I don't I don't know enough. yet. I know that there. When you read what they write. They're just staunchly committed to free speech. But they no stop Daxing they will they will do things to stop targeted harassment and Daxing. and things along those lines. Sometimes slowly. Yeah, heatedly. Yeah. But they want, they just want an open platform. What my point is, is that I think a lot of people that are on the right, feel disenfranchised by these platforms they use on a daily basis. I don't know what the percentage are. The percentages are in terms of the number of people that are conservative that use twitter versus the number of people that are liberal. But I would imagine it's probably pretty close, isn't it?

I don't know numbers? I don't know. Because we don't ask people. But we'd

have to we'd have to infer all that based on what we're saying or because so let's not

even go there. But then but the the people that run, whether it's Google or Twitter, or Facebook, any of these platforms, YouTube, for sure. Powerful leaning towards the left. When we all agree to that,

we don't ask our employees. But my guess is that many employees and tech companies are probably liberal.

It's really fascinating. But

I also think I mean, you point out, all the companies you mentioned are in exactly the same region, as well. Yes. We do. You know, we do have the challenge of some monocultural thinking, Yes, well, but we and we, you know, I have said publicly that, you know, yes, we will have more of a liberal bias within our company. So there's to CNN, right. But that doesn't mean that we put that in our rules, right? But

hold on. Because what I'm getting at is that at some point in time, things have to get down to a human being, looking and reviewing cases. And if you guys are so left weighing in your, your, your staff and the area that you live in, and all these things, things are almost naturally going to lean left. Is that fair to say? If

we were purely looking at the content, but a lot of this agent work is based on the behaviors, all the things that we've been discussing in terms of the context of the actual content itself, except it doesn't what the rules are,

except the misgendering policy, right? So your rules do reflect your your bubble, right, go to the middle of you know, go to middle America and go hang out at a conservative town, they're not going to agree with you. Your rules are based on your bubble in San Francisco, or whatever city I'm

from Middle America. I'm from St. Louis, Missouri. And I hear the point, I definitely hear the point in terms of like us putting this rule forth. But we have to balance it with the fact that people are being driven away from our platform. I hear you and they may not disagree. They may not agree with me on that my folks from Missouri, but I think they would see some valid argument and what we're trying to do to again, increase the opportunity for as many people as possible to talk. That's, that's it, it's not driving the stuff that you're speaking to

where you stop, what what community is and isn't deserving of protection? are conservatives not deserving of protection for their opinions. But

I want to focus in a way on individuals and increasing the absolute number of people who have opportunity to speak on the platform in the first place.

So then do you need a rule for body dysphoria? Do you need a rule for other kin? Right, you see what I'm asking you? You have a specific I

see what you're asking. But like and this came from a call and research. And there's there's disagreement as to whether this is the right outcome or not. And this is the right policy. And yes, our bias does influence looking in this direction. And our bias does take our biases influence us putting a rule like this in place, but is with the understanding of creating as much opportunity as possible for as many people to speak based on the actual data that we see right of people leaving the platform because of experiences that have Why did your research stop there? It hasn't stopped. We our rules aren't set. It's something that just stops and doesn't evolve. We're going to constantly question we're going to constantly get feedback from people on every Under the spectrum of any particular issue, and make changes accordingly and

to your stop. And to your credit, I really do appreciate that the fact that you're very open about that you have made mistakes, and that you're continuing to learn and grow and that your company is reviewing these things, and trying to figure out which way to go. And I think we all need to pay attention to the fact that this is a completely new road, this road did not exist 15 years ago, there was nothing there. That is a tremendous responsibility for any kind of any company, any group of human beings to be in control of public discourse on a scale unprecedented in human history. And that's what we're dealing with here. This is not a small thing. And I know people that have been banned to them. This is, this is a matter of ideology, this is matter. This is matter that there's a lot of debate being going on here. And this is one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on because Tim, because you know so much about so many of these cases and so much because you are a journalist, and you're you're very aware of the implications and all the problems that have been that maybe have slipped through my fingers. So I

do want to make one thing really clear, though, I have a tremendous amount of respect and trust for you. And you said you wanted to solve this problem simply because you're sitting here right now. And these these other companies aren't right Jackie went on Sam Harris, you are on get with gad sad. And that says to me a good faith effort to try and figure out how to do things right, like so as much as I'll apologize for getting kind of angry and being emotional because he

was angry. I look, we also haven't been great at explaining our intent. And there's there's a few things going on one, as Joe indicated, centralized global policy as scale is almost impossible. And we realize this different services have different answers this Reddit has a community based policy where each topic each subreddit has its own policy. And you know, there's there's some benefit to that. So that's problem number one, we know that this very binary off or on platform isn't right. And it doesn't scale. And it ultimately goes against our key initiative of wanting to promote more healthier conversation. I,

I just don't think that's what you're doing.

I and I hear you, I hear you, but like, so but we're not done. We're not We're not done, we're not finished with our work. And we need to the reason I'm going on all these podcasts and having these conversations and ideally, videos getting out there more often as well, because we don't see enough friend here enough for her. We need to have these conversations so we can learn we can we can get the feedback and also pay attention to where the technology is going before the podcast we talked a little bit about and I talked about it on our previous podcast and also Sam's that technology today is enabling content to live forever in a way that was not possible before. You can say that everything on the internet lives forever. But that's not it's generally not true. Because any host or any kind of connection can take it down, the blockchain changes all that it can actually exist forever, permanently, without anyone being able to touch a government company, individual. And that is a reality that we need to pay attention to. And really understand our value. And I believe a lot of our value in in the future. Not today, again, we have a tons of we have a ton of work is to take a strong stance of like, we are going to be a company that given this entire corpus of conversation and content within the world, we're going to work to promote healthy public conversation. That's what we want. That's what we want to do. And if you disagree with it, you should be able to turn it off. And you should be able to access anything that you want as you would with the Internet. But those are technologies that are just in the formative stages and presenting new opportunities to companies like ours, and and there's a ton of challenges with them and a ton of the things that we've discussed over the past hour that it doesn't solve and maybe exacerbates, especially around things like election interference, interference and some of the regulatory concerns that you're bringing. So

there's a few issues right, your definition of what isn't healthy, right? Yes,

yes. And we want that to be public. Like we want that we're going we have four indicators right now that we're working on with an external lab, we want other labs to we want to give it up open source, make sure that people can comment on it. If people can help us define it. We'll use that interpretation on our own algorithms and then push it but that has to be open that has to be transparent. Are we there today? Absolutely not. We're not there.

i This this course of action to me looks like a Fahrenheit 451 future where everything is so offensive, everything must be restricted. I see. That's the path I see that you're on. You want to have a healthy conversation you want to maximize the amount of people that means you got to cut off all the tall grass and level everything out. So if you decided that this one rule needs to be enforced, because certain things are offensive, but

can I explain what what health at least means to us in this absolutely. Yeah. So like we talked a little bit about this on the previous podcast, but like we we have four indicators that we're trying to define and try to understand if there's actually something there one is shared attention. Is a conversation generally shared around the same objects, or is it disparate? So, like, as we're having conversation, the four of us are having conversation? Are we all focused on the same thing? Or is Joe on his phone, which you were earlier, like whatever is going on, because more shared attention will, will lead to healthier conversation. Number two, is shared reality, not whether something is factual. But are we sharing the same facts? Is the earth round? Is the world flat? So we recommend when our met Yes, we can tell what facts are we sharing? And what facts are we not sharing what percentage of the conversation so that's, that's the second indicator. Third is receptivity. Are the participants receptive to debate and to civility and to expressing their opinion and even if it is something that might be hurtful, or people receptive to at least look at and be empathetic and look at what's behind that week? This is the one we have the most measurement around today, we can determine and predict when someone might walk away from a Twitter conversation because I feel it's toxic. I just ignore them all, basically. So and we see we see that in our data, right? So you and there's some conversations that you get into and you and you, you know, persist. And then the finally is for it of perspective, are we are we actually seeing the full spectrum of any topic that's been talked about. And these are not meant to be taken as individual parts, but in unison, how they play together. And we've written these out, we haven't gotten far enough in actually defining what they look like and what they mean. And we certainly haven't gotten good enough at understanding when we deploy a solution, like being able to follow a hashtag. Does that impact variety of perspective to the positive? Does it impact shared reality to the negative whatnot. So this is how we're thinking about it. And as we think more about that, that influences our product and influences. Our enforcement and influencers are positive as well, what you're

describing sounds wildly different to what Twitter is, right? So you have a goal for where you want to get with those, those metrics. So what confuses me, then when you when we talk about someone like Megan Murphy, who sure she violated your rules, but in the context of a conversation, you know, you recognize people will sometimes get heated with each other? If, you know, how do you is a healthy conversation when no one is being negative? What if people are yelling at each other and being mean and insulting or misgendering? them?

I think it's a question of what thresholds you allow. And the more control we can give people to vary the spectrum on what they want to see. That feels right to me. I mean, Joe, in in your your Alex podcast, did exactly this thing. you're hosting a conversation, you had both of your guests who started talking over each other, you pause the conversation, you said, Let's not get combative, someone said, I'm not being combative, you said you're all talking over each other. And and there was a dynamic that the conversation then shifted to that got to some deeper points, right? could have just said, let that happen and let it go. And that's fine, too. It's, it's, it's up to who is viewing and experiencing that conversation. And I agree with you. It is completely far off from where we are today, we've not only have, we had to address a lot of these issues that we're talking about at this table. But we've also had to turn the company around from a business standpoint we'd have we've had to fix all of our infrastructure that's over 10 years old. And we had to go through two layoffs because the company was too large. So we have to prioritize our efforts. And I don't know any other way to do this than be really specific about our intentions and our aspirations and, and the intent and the why behind our actions. And not everyone's going to agree with it in the in a particular moment.

So so I will I want to I want to point this out. Before I make my next statement, though, just real quick, it seems like the technology is moving faster than the culture. So I do recognize you guys are in a rock and a hard place. How do you get to a point where you can have that open source crypto, you know, blockchain technology that allows for freedom and speech. At the same time, the technology exists. Twitter has been replicated numerous times in different ways Macedon, for instance, what what's disconcerting to me is, you know, and maybe you have research on this, which is why you've taken the decisions you have, but when you banned someone, because they've said, you know, bad opinions misgendering well, they're not going to go away. They're going to try and find anywhere they can speak. So what effectively happens is you're taking all of these people from from a wide range of the most TOS of prison analogy, murderers all the way to pot smokers and you put them in the same room with each other and you're saying you're not welcome here. Well, what happens when you take someone who smokes pot and put them in prison with a bunch of gangbangers and murderers, they fall into that.

So I totally get the point. I'm hyper aware of of our actions sending more and more things into the dark. This

is something that I wanted to discuss this is really important in this vein of thinking, What about roads to redemption? What about someone like MEGAN MURPHY lit about someone, anyone? Alex Jones, Milo is is it? Can we find a path for people to get back to the platform? That for good or for bad? Like it or not, there is one video platform that people give a shit about. And that's YouTube, you get kicked off a YouTube, you're doomed. I mean, that's just reality, you can go. Vimeo is wonderful. There's a lot of great video platforms out there, they have a fucking tiny fraction of the views that YouTube does. That's just reality, the same thing can be said for Twitter, whether or not other platforms exist is that's inconsequential. The vast majority of people are on Twitter, the vast majority of people that are making you know, posts about the news and breaking information, they do it on Twitter. What can be set up? And have you guys given consideration to some sort of a path to redemption?

Yeah, there's, there's redemption and there's rehabilitation? Okay, you know, we we haven't done a great job at having a cohesive stance on rehabilitation and redemption, we haven't in part, so the whole focus behind the temporary suspensions is to at least give people pause and think about why they violated or why and how they violated our particular rules that they signed up for when they came in through our terms of service, right? Whether you agree with him or not, like, this is the agreement that we have with people,

you know, I'm just thinking this, I'm sorry to interrupt you. But it would be kind of hilarious if you guys had an option, like a mode of Twitter an angry mode, like fuck, I'm angry right now. So I'm going to type some things and it says, Hey, dude, why don't you just think about this? We're gonna hold it for you in the queue. And we'll

do that people do that. People do that in their drafts. But and I'm sure you

do. I'm sure they do. But it would be funny if you had an angry mode. Yeah, but you guys, I noticed you guys are using a lot of curse words. And he's saying a lot of bad things, we're gonna put you in Angry mode. So think about this. So you have to make several clicks, if you want to post this.

And there is research to suggest that people expressing that actually tends to minimize more violent physical. Oh, for

sure. Well, everyone says that with emails, if you're, if you're, if you're in the middle of the night, someone sends you an email and you find it insulting you ready to type an email and go to sleep? Wake up in the morning? Like, someone say something nice. You know, that's how I wind up interacting with these people. But what what do you think can be done for people like, let's say, MEGAN MURPHY, because she seems one of the it's as easy to see her perspective as any, what do you think could be done for her?

I think I think you're right, I think that I would love to get to a point where we think of suspensions as temporary, and she's banned for life. Right now. That's the only option that we've built into our rules. But we have every capability of changing that. And that's something that I want my team to focus on is thinking about, as Jack said, not just coming back after some time bound period, but also like, what more can and should we be doing within the product itself early on to educate people about the rules. So one of the things that we're working on is a very, very simplified version of the Twitter rules. That's two pages, not 20. I've made sure that my lawyers don't write it. It's written in as plain English as we can we try to put examples in there. And like really taking the time to educate people. And I get people aren't always going to agree with those rules. And we have to address that too. But at least simplifying it and educating people so that they don't even get to that stage. But once they do, understanding that there are going to be different contexts in people's lives, different times, they're going to say and do things they may not agree with. And they don't deserve to be permanently suspended for ever, from a platform like Twitter. So how do you get to it? So we this is something that actually we just had a meeting on this earlier this week, with our executive team. And, you know, identifying kind of some of the principles by which we would want to think about, you know, time bounding suspension. So it's work, we have to do it, and we're gonna figure it out. I'm not going to tell you it's coming out right away. But it's, it's on our roadmap. It's something we want to do.

Why don't you set up a jury system? When someone reports something instead of you having to worry about it? There would be no accusation of bias if 100,000 users were randomly selected to determine Periscope does this Yeah. Yeah.

And we've learned scope does this you please explain that

we so Periscope has a content moderation jury. So we flag based on the machine learning algorithms, in some cases reports, particular replies, we send them to a small jury of folks to ask, is this against our terms of service or is this something that you believe should be in the channel or not?

Do you know sign out? To be on the jury.

No, it's It's random.

So you randomly chosen and you decide whether or not you want to participate. Yep.

And it's, it's good. It has some flaws. It has some some gaming aspects to it as well. But like, we do have a lot of experiments that we're testing and like, we want to build confidence and like it's actually driving the outcomes that we think are, are useful. And Periscope is a good playground for us across many regards. I think ultimately,

one of the greater philosophical challenges is that you're a massively powerful Corporation. You have international investors, I believe, as a Saudi prince owns what 6% of Twitter. So when I Is that true, I'm just gonna make sure it's, well, we're we're a publicly

traded corporate Alright, so anybody can buy stock, but that doesn't mean they have influence on day to day. Well, I

think depending on which political faction you ask, they'll say money is influence, right. So I'm not gonna say that the Saudi prince who invested in Twitter, because again, I've only it's been a while since I've read these stories is like showing up your meetings and throwing his weight around. But at a certain point, I plan on doing that. But but you know, for me, I do have to trust you, right. This is a guy who is thrown thrown in over a billion dollars, I think, into Twitter. Twitter has influence on our elections, foreign governments, foreign government actors have stake in Twitter, it worries me then when you base your rules on your personal decisions on an unelected group of people. You have such tremendous power in this monopoly on public discourse near monopoly. Like he was saying, there's some platforms, Twitter has no real competition. So I just have to hope and trust you have the best interest at heart. But you at the end of the day, it's it's it's authoritarian. No one chose you to be in charge of this. I understand you mentioned you discovered Twitter. But here I am looking at you know, both of you who have this tremendous power over whether or not someone can get elected, you can choose to ban someone and tell me all day and that you have a reason for doing it. I just have to trust you. That's terrifying. There's no proof. There's no proof Alex Jones did any of these things other than things he's posted? Right? Understand that

that's actually what I was on the phone with. Alex was texting me saying that he'd never did anything to endanger any child, and that he was disputing what people were saying about a video of a child getting harmed. And

so do we just trust an unelected? I mean, you extreme extremely wealthy individuals, Saudi princes. You know, it's a publicly traded company, who knows where the influence is coming from. Your rules are blatant based on a global policy. And I'm sitting here watching Wow, these people who are never chosen in this position have too much power over my my politics.

I think that that's why it's so important that we take the time to build transparency into what we're doing. And that's part of what we're trying to do is not just in being here and talking to you guys, but also building it into the product itself. I think one of the things that I've really loved about a new product launch, what we've done is to disable any sort of ranking in the home timeline if you want, and you don't have to see our algorithms at play anymore. These are the kinds of things that we're thinking about, how do we give power back to the people using our service, so that they can see what they want to see. And they can participate the way they want to participate? And this is long term, and I get the we're not there yet. But this is how we're thinking about it, then

you can imagine where that goes, I mean, just one switch, and turning all the algorithms off. What what does that do? What does that look like? So these are the conversations that we're having in the company, whether they be good ideas or bad ideas? We haven't determined that just yet. But we we definitely. Look, I definitely understand the mistrust that people have in our company in myself in the corporate structure in all the variables that are associated with it, including who chooses to buy on the public market, who chooses not to, I get all of it. And I grew up on the internet. I'm a believer in the internet principles. And I want to do everything in my power to make sure that we are consistent with those ideals. At the same time, I want to make sure that every single person and do everything in my power has the opportunity to participate. So let me

let me ask you a question that for your policy, as it pertains to say Saudi Arabia, right, do you enforce the same hate speech rules on Saudi Arabia?

Our rules are global, we enforce them against everyone. So

even in countries where it's criminal to be LGBT, you will still banned someone for saying something disparaging to or saying something that to that effect. Like, let's say Saudi Arabia said someone's put to death for I don't want to call it Saudi Arabia specific. Let's call it Iran, because I believe that's the big focus right now with the Trump administration. Iran is my understanding, it's still punishable by death. I could be wrong. But it is criminal. If someone then directly targets one of these individuals, will you ban them? I mean, do you guys function in Iran? Because I think we're blocked in Iran. Yeah. So I figured but there but there are some countries where, for instance, Michelle Malkin recently got really angry, because she received notice that she violated blasphemy laws in Pakistan. Right. So you do follow some laws in some countries, but it's not a violation. I guess the question I'm asking is we Pakistan, it's very clearly a different culture. They don't agree with your rules. We do have

a per country ticked down, meaning that content might be non visible within that country but visible throughout the rest of the world.

But so just to add on to what Jackson we actually are very, very transparent about this. So we put publish a transparency report every six months that details every single request that we get from every government around the world, and the content that they ask us to remove. And we post that to an independent third party site. So you could go right now and look and see every single request that comes from the Pakistani government and what content they're trying to remove from Pakistan. I

have seen a lot of conservatives get angry about this. And it's kind of confusing, confusing, I'm like, that's a really good thing. I would want to know if Pakistan wanted to kill me. blasphemy laws posting pictures of Muhammad. So it's

like, Are they angry about our transparency report there, there's

a perception that you sending that notice is like a threat against them for violating blasphemy laws. Whereas it's very clearly just letting you know, a government has taken action against you, which

it's saying that the government has restricted access to that content in that country. And the reason we tell users or tell people that that's happened is because a lot of them may want to file their own suit against the government, or a lot of them may be in danger if they happen to be under that particular government's jurisdiction. And they may want to take action to protect themselves if they know that the government is looking at the content in their accounts. So we don't always know we don't we send the notice to everybody, we don't always know where you are or what country you live in. And so we just done that notice as like to try to be as transparent as possible. The

main point I was trying to get to is your policies support a community, but there may be laws in a certain country that does not support that community finds it criminal, right. So your actions are now directly opposed to the culture of another of their country. I guess the point I'm trying to make is that if you enforce your values, which are perceivably, not even the majority of this country, if you're, you know, consider yourself more liberal leaning in your half of the United States, but you're enforcing those rules on the rest of the world that use the service, it's sort of forcing other cultures to adhere to yours.

So a lot of a lot of our rules are based on more the UN Declaration doesn't just purely us,

doesn't the UN Declaration guarantee the right of all people through any medium to express their opinion. It

does. And it also has can, it also has conditions around particular speech, inciting violence, and some of the some of the aspects that we speak to as well. And

it protects certain categories, whether it's religion, race, gender, sexual orientation, those are all also protected under the UN covenant, to protect human rights.

without pause. I'm sure we have many more things to talk about, don't worry, I don't want to just just say, I've

got a bunch of other things that you know, because here's the here's the thing, there's a bunch of other issues having to do with bias and censorship. And I feel like we've kind of like beaten that horse relentlessly.

But I think that horse is good to beat. And it's also good to address why the horse is being beaten and why why it exists in the first place. And I, I really want to say this, again, I really appreciate the fact that you guys are so open, and that you're willing to come on here and talk about this because you don't have to, this is your decision, and especially you Jack after we had that first conversation, and the blowback was so hard, you wanted to come and clarify this. And I think this is so important to give people a true understanding of what your intentions are versus what perceptions are.

And thank you for hosting us again. And look, I I think it's also important that the company is not just me, we have people in the company who are really good at this and are making some really tough decisions and having tough conversations and, and getting pushed back and getting feedback and they have the best intentions. So

what So let's, I'll get back into the meat of things to get to beating the dead horse. I don't know if you have any data on why Jacob wall was recently banned. Do you have that?

I believe who was Jacob wall.

He's a I don't know, describe me as a conservative personality. But he's very, very controversial for like, fake news or something. I don't know too much about him. So I don't want to accuse him of things, but I don't know who he is. But he was, he was in something where he tried accusing Mueller of like sexual assaults. And it turned out to be like, just completely fake ridiculous.

This was a gentleman that was in the USA Today article where he admitted that he was going to he had used tactics in the past to influence the election, and he will continue to do so using all of his channels. Yes.

And when we saw that report, our team looked at his account, we noticed there were multiple accounts tied to his account, so fake accounts that he had created that were discussing political issues and pretending to be other people find that out. We would have phone numbers linking accounts together or email addresses, in some cases, IP addresses other types of metadata that are associated with accounts so we can link those accounts together. And having multiple accounts in and of itself is not a violation of our rules. Because some people have their you know, word account their personal account is when you're deliberately pretending to be someone else and manipulating it. servation about a political issue. And those are exactly the types of things that we saw the Russians do, for example, in the 2016 election, so it was that playbook and that type of activity that we saw about Jacob wall, and that's why his accounts were suspended.

Did you investigate Jonathan Morgan?

I don't know who that is. Why?

That's that's the important question. Why

I don't I don't know who that is. But that's that's ice. It might be that someone at Twitter investigated him. I personally don't know who so

one of the issues that I think is really important to get to is, you should know who he is. He's more important than Jacob Wallace. But for some reason, you know, about this conservative guy and not the Democrat who helped meddle in the the Alabama election. Well, so Jonathan, according to

the near sheer volume they have to pay attention to right, right, right. But

it's about grains of sand, making the heap and the flow of a direction where we can see Jacob wall has said he's done this. So you're like, we're gonna investigate, we banned him. It was recently reported and covered by numerous outlets that a group called new knowledge was meddling in the Alabama election by creating fake Russian accounts, to manipulate national media into believing that Roy Moore was propped up by the Russians. Facebook banned him and as well as for other people, but Twitter didn't.

He's still active family accounts that were engaged in the behavior.

I do remember that. I do remember sending Mr. Martin. That's worse, though.

So you didn't ban the guy doing it. But you banned the like so.

So in the case of Jacob wall, we were able to directly attribute through email addresses and phone numbers, his direct connection to the accounts that were created to manipulate the election. If we're not able to tie that direct connection on our platform, or law enforcement doesn't give us information to tie attribution. We won't take action. And it's not because of political ideology, it's because we want to be damn sure before we take action on it. So someone

could use a VPN, perhaps, and maybe additional email accounts. And they could game the system in that way.

They're certainly sophisticated ways that people can can do things to mask who they are, and what accounts that they're

interested in internal conversation to, just to provide more light into what happens, like I got a I got a email or a text from vigia one morning and said, we are going to permanently suspend this particular account. And it's not a you know, what do you think it's, we're going to do this, and I then have an opportunity to ask questions, I asked a question why she gave me a link back to the document of all the findings. And USA Today. We took the action. I was on Twitter, a bunch of people pointed me at this particular case sent some of those tweets to her, what's going on? So that's well, in the background?

Wouldn't you just terminate anybody associated with the company that was doing this? I mean, keep in mind, too, at the time when this campaign was happening, this is what basis he had he admitted to engaging in the operation in a quote to New York Times, and you banned the accounts associated with it. So if you know he's the one running the company, wouldn't you be like, Okay, you're gone?

Do you want us to take every single newspaper accounts, attribution, because what we were able to do in the Jacob ball situation was actually tie those accounts in our own systems. Right, that he would actually control the rounds, not just take the word of a newspaper. You said

you banned his accounts? Yes. And you know, from his own statement, and from his tweets that he was the runner running, running the company, Jacob wall, no, no, Jonathan Morgan.

Oh, sorry. I'm getting confused about over. So

Jacob wall, it's announced in the USA Today. He says I'm doing this and you're like, Okay, we can look at his account, we can see it, we get rid of them. With with new knowledge, you said you did take those accounts down, I

believe we were able to take down a certain cluster of accounts that we saw engaging in the behavior, but we weren't weren't necessarily able to tie it back to one person controlling those, even if they say they did it, do you and this is where I get back. Like we like to have some sort of attribution that's direct that we can see. Would we just take the any newspaper or any article at face value and just act on them?

That's good. You have to contact him and get some sort of a statement from him in order to take down his account. Obviously,

I don't think he would admit to manipulating Twitter if Twitter asked him. So

the fact that he communicated with the newspaper right,

so to clarify, what they said what they claimed to the New York Times was that it was a false flag. New York Times said they reviewed internal documents that showed they admitted it was a false flag operation. The guy who runs the company said, Oh, his company does this. He wasn't aware, necessarily. But it was an experiment. So he's, he's given kind of, in my opinion, duplicitous, like, you know, not straightforward, but at the time of this campaign, which he claims to know about, he tweeted that it was real. So during the Roy Moore campaign, he tweets Wow, look at the Russians. Then it comes out later. His company is the one that did it. So you're kind of like Oh, so this guy was propping up his own fake news. Right. Then when they get busted? He goes, Oh, no, it's just my company doing an experiment but you tweeted it was real pyramid. You use your verified Twitter account to push the fake narrative your company was pumping on this platform. And so the point I want to make I guess, is

it sounds like we need to take a closer look at this one ban and

bring back Morgan morale. Well, MEGAN MURPHY, MEGAN MURPHY. Sorry. Morgan Murphy is a friend of mine. To

sorry, Morgan. So this is I haven't read the story. It's been like two months since the story broke. So I could have my you know, I don't want to I don't want to get sued and have my facts wrong. But the reason I brought this up was not to accuse you of wrongdoing was to point out that I don't I don't think that the people who work at Twitter are twirling their mustaches, laughing, you know, pressing the band button, whenever they see a conservative, I think it's just, there's a bias that's unintentional, that flows in one direction. So you see the news about Jacob wall. And I think there's a reason for it, too, there's a couple of reasons. For one, your your staff is likely more, you mentioned, more likely to lean left, and look at certain sources. So you're gonna hear about more things more often, and take action on those things, as opposed to the other side of the coin.

But we have to consider like where the actions are taking place. I'm speaking more broadly to the 4000 people that we have as a company versus no deliberateness that we have unreduced him for,

I just mean when we when we look at a company wide average of all of your employees and the direction they lean, versus the new sources they're willing to read, you're going to see a flow in one direction, whether it's intentional or not. And so I think the challenge is, we

don't generally rely on news sources to find manipulation of our platform, but we're looking at what we're seeing the signals we can see. And once in a while, we will get tipped off to something but like, for the most part, when we're looking at manipulation, it's not like the New York Times can tell us like what's going on on the platform. We're the ones that have the metadata about accounts, we're the ones that can see patterns of behavior at scale. So

to your point, I knew one name, and I didn't know another name. And it was because video said, you know, we're permanently banning this account. And yes, we we didn't have the same sort of findings in the other particular account, which I got feedback on pass to her. And we don't need to find, I think,

but to be clear, the team had taken action on this stuff months ago, when it actually it happened. Yeah, I

think, you know, a lot of what people assume is mal intent is sometimes fake news. You know, I think one of my biggest criticisms, in terms of what's going on our culture is the news system is, like you pointed out, although it's changed, left wing journalists only follow themselves, I that's my experience, I've worked for these companies. And so they repeat the same narratives. They don't get out of their bubble, even today, they're still in a bubble. And they're not seeing what's happening outside of it. And then what happens is, you know, according to data, I think this is from Pew. Most new journalism jobs are in blue districts. So you've got people who only hear the same thing, they only cover the same stories. So if you know, we hear about Jussie Smollett, we hear about how the story is it goes goes wild. But there's like 800 instances of Trump supporters wearing Magga hats getting beaten. You know, throughout the past couple of years, we had a guy show up to a school in Eugene, Oregon with a gun and fire two rounds at a cop wearing a smash the patriarchy and chill shirt. And those stories don't make the headlines. So it's, you know, when the journalists are inherently in a bubble, the information you're going to get as a big company who follows these news organizations is going to be inherently, you know, one sided as well. And then the only action you're gonna be able to take is what you know, you can't ban someone if you don't know they're doing it.

Here. I think our biggest issue, and the thing that I want to fix the most is the fact that we create and sustain and maintain these echo chambers.

Yeah. Well, you're rolling out that new feature that allows you to hide replies, right?

We're testing we're experimenting with an ability to enable people to have more control, as you would expect a host over the conversation. And like Facebook allows that, yeah, but I don't think they have the level of transparency that we want to put into it. So we actually want to show whether a comment was moderated and then actually allow people to see those comments. So both showing the action that this person moderated a particular comment. And then you can actually see the common itself. It's one, one, click one, click over one tap over. That's how we're thinking about it might change in the future. But we, we can't do this without a level of transparency, because we minimize something visited spoke to earlier, we're just speaking truth to power holding people to account. Even things like the fire Festival, where, you know, you have these organizers who were deleting every single comment moderating every single comment that call this thing a fraud, and don't go here. We can't, we can't, we can't reliably and we like just from a responsibility standpoint, ever create a future that enables more of that to happen. And that's how we're thinking about even futures like this,

I'm gonna jump right off to a different train card here. Has law enforcement ever asked you to keep certain people on the platform even after they violated your rules?

Not that I'm aware.

So then this you know, to the to the next question pertaining to bias, you have the issue of Antifa versus the proud boys and Patriot prayer and Twitter permanently excised anyone associated with a proud boys Antifa accounts who have broken the rules, repeatedly branded known cells that have been involved in violence all still active.

Is there a reason? Well, with the proud boys, what we were able to do was actually look at documentation and announcements that, you know, the leaders of that organization had made and their use of violence and The real world. That was what we're focused on and subsequent to our decision, I believe the FBI also designated that's not true. It's not true. That's not true.

No. Okay. No, that's not true. Yeah. You know, the proud boys started out as a joke. Gavin McInnes, Anthony KU, Mia, who was part of Opie and Anthony knows his own show, told me about it, it happened on his show, because there was a guy that was on the show. And they made a joke about starting a gang based on him because he was very effeminate guy, and they would call him the proud boys. And they went into detail about how this thing became from a joke. And saying that you could join the proud boys and everyone was, you know, it was like being silly to people joining it, and then it becoming this thing to fight Antifa and then becoming infested with white nationalists, and becoming well thing. Well, in many ways, it was, but it's been documented how it started and what it was and misrepresented as to why it was started.

I think there's some things that should be clarified about them. But Gavin has made a bunch of statements that crossed the line, he claims he claims to be joking. And so that's, that's what he

did on my podcast, he was talking to me about Antifa, that when Antifa was blocking people like Ben Shapiro speeches and things along those lines and stopping conservatives for speaking, you should just just punch him in the face, we're gonna have to start kicking people's asses. And I was like, this is not just irresponsible, but foolish and short sighted and just a dumb way to talk. So

then you have the Antifa groups that are engaging in the same thing. We know that the famous bike lock basher incident where a guy showed up, hit seven, he hit seven people over there with a bike lock. They subsequently released the damn, I'm gonna leave that out for the time being. You have other groups like by no means and by any means necessary. You have in Portland, for instance, there are specific branded factions. There's the tweet I mentioned earlier, where they doxed ICE agents, and they said, Do whatever inspires you with this information? And I mean, you're tagged in a million times. I know you probably can't see it. But you can actually see that some of the tweets in the threat are removed. But the main tweet itself from an Anti Fascist account linking to a website, straight up saying like, here's the private home details, phone number addresses of these law enforcement officers is not removed since September. So here's what you end up seeing is. Again, the point I think one of the big problems in this country is the media, because it was reported that the FBI designated probe was an extremist group. But it was a misinterpretation based a sheriff wrote a draft saying with you know, the FBI considers them to be extremists. The media then reported hearsay from the sheriff and the FBI came out said no, no, no, we never meant to do that. That's not true. We are just concerned about violence. So the proud boys all get purged. And again, I think, you know, Gavin's a different story, right? If you want to go after the individuals who are associated with that group, versus the guy who goes on the show and says outrageous things and goes on Joe's show. And then you have Antifa branded cells, like what I mean by that is they have specific names, they sell merchandise, and they're the ones showing up throwing mortar shells into crowds. They're the ones showing up with with crowbars and bats and whacking people. I was in Boston, and there was a rally where conservatives were planning on putting on a rally It was literally just like libertarians and conservatives. Antifa shows up with crowbars, bats in balaclavas with weapons, threatening them. And so I have to wonder if if, you know, these people are allowed to organize in your platform? Are you concerned about that? Why aren't they being banned when they violate the rules?

Yeah, absolutely. We're concerned about that has the FBI designated them as a domestic terrorist?

I'm sorry, Homeland Security in New Jersey has listed them under domestic terrorism. Okay. So I understand is a conundrum in that the general concept of anti Fascism is a loose term, that means you oppose fascism. But Antifa is now they have a flag. They've had a flag since the Soviet, you know, Nazi Germany in the Soviet era. And they've brought it back. There are specific groups that I'm not going to mention by name that have specific names, and they sell merchandise, they've appeared in various news outlets, they've expressed their desire to use violence to suppress speech. There was a

is it a centralized organization the same way that I hear you on Prometheus, but like, where they have, like tenants that are written out and there's a leader and like, not

it's not the same, but there are specific branded cells and that's why I bring them up specifically, I realize, you know, someone showing up to a rally wearing a black hoodie and sunglasses, we're gonna ban, but there are groups that that organize, specifically call for violence. They push the line as close as as lightly as possible. They advocate sabotage and things like this. And you know, when the proud boys go on, get into fights, they're not getting in fights with themselves. They're, you know, so I should

point out the they decided to call for violence based on an Tifa calling for violence. Yeah, based on an Tifa actually actively committing violence against conservative people that were there to see different peoples. Well, it

partly started because in Berkeley, there was a Trump rally. So actually, after Milo got chased out of the Berkeley, they there was $100,000 in damages. I mean, there's a video of some guy and all black cracking someone on the back was on the ground looking like they're unconscious. So these conservatives see this, and they decide to hold a rally saying we won't back down. They hold a rally in Berkeley and then anti shows up again, I understand you can't figure out who these people are, for the most part, they're decentralized. But then this incites an escalation, you then get the rise of the base to stickman. They called it this guy shows up in armor with a stick and starts swinging back. And now you have two factions forming. So while I recognize it's much easier to ban a top down group, there are you know, the difference, I guess, is while when you look at the proud boys, it's straight top down vertical, you look at Antifa. And there's different cells of varying size, and they're different accounts. So I have to to, like I guess the argument I could make is, if you're going to bend the proud boys, by all means under your justification. But if you look at a specific channel that's got 20,000 followers that cheers them on, right? These are people who throw mortar shells into crowds. Isn't that advocating for, you know, terrorism and incitement of violence? Yeah, absolutely. So I guess the question is, how come they don't get removed?

Well, in the past, when we've looked at Antiva, we it's we ran into this decentralization issue, which is we weren't able to find the same type of information that we were able to find about Prometheus, which was a centralized leadership based documentation of what they stand for. But absolutely, I mean, it's something that we'll continue to look into. And to the extent that they're using Twitter to organize any sort of offline violence that's completely prohibited under our rules. And we would absolutely take action when I

asked you why Gavin was banned. Was there a specific thing that he did? Or was it his association with the proud boys association with the, you know, he's abandoned that he's not only that he's disassociated himself with it and said that it completely got out of hand, and he doesn't want to have anything to do with it.

Yeah. And I think this is a great, again, test case for how we think about getting people back on the platform. Yeah.

He's an interesting case, because he's a really a provocateur, and he fancies himself, you know, sort of a punk rocker. And he just, he likes stirring shit. I mean, when he came on my show, last time he was on, he was dressed up like Michael Douglas and falling down. You know, he did it on purpose. He brought a briefcase and everything. I'm like, What are you doing? It's like, I'm Michael Douglas, and falling down. Like, he's, he's a showman in many ways. And he did not mean for this to go the way it went. He thought it would be this sort of innocent fun thing to be a part of, and then other people got involved in and then when people call for violence. The problem is, they think that, you know, you're going to just hit people, and it's going to solve a problem, it just creates a much more much more comprehensive problem. It's

important to point out Gavin said has had meant like he said things way worse than Alex Jones ever did target whether you whether you want to say it's a joke or not. He said things like, you know, choke them, punch them directly. Yep. But But I guess was the primary reason for getting rid of them was what you thought that the FBI had designated them an extremist group? No, because we

did it many months in advance. Okay. Yeah,

I was just so we just it was just his association with the proud boys.

I don't recall. And I would have to go back and I don't want to mistake things. I don't recall whether those statements that you're referring to of Gavin's were on Twitter.

So they weren't. There's another you know, when it comes to the weaponization of rules against like, Gavin isn't creating a compilation of things he's ever said out of context, and then sending them around to get himself banned. Other people are doing that to him activists who don't like him. And it's effective. In fact, I would actually like to point out, there's one particular user who has repeatedly made fake videos attacking one of your other high profile conservatives, so much so that he had to file police reports harassment complaint, and it just doesn't stop. You know, so I guess I'll ask this that to disregard if someone repeatedly makes videos of you out of context, fake audio, accusing you of doing things you've never done? At what point is that bannable? Yeah,

again, if it's targeted harassment, and we can establish that it's just a really hard thing with OS determining whether something is fake or not? Well,

it's also when things are out of context, you still have video of the person saying that I agree that it's out of context, it's disingenuous, but it's still the person saying it, and you're making a compilation of some pre existing audio or video. So

I think in the instance of Gavin, like, one of the things he said was like a call to violence, but he was talking about, like it was in the context of talking about a dog and being scolded. Yeah. So he was like, hit him just hit them. And then it's like, it turns out, he's talking about dog like, something wrong when they take that in a snippet, and then it goes viral, and it starts flagging, and you got to ban this guy, you don't get I understand, like, you know, but I guess the issue is if people keep doing that to destroy someone's life, so I think there's a bigger discussion. I think both of you could probably shed some important light on to outside of Twitter. This weaponization of content from platforms is being used to get people banned from their banking accounts. You know, there get there. We can talk about Patreon for instance, and again, I'm not this this may just be something you could chime in on Patreon banned man named Carl Benjamin, also known as Sargon of Akkad. He's also banned from Twitter. And it was

was you know why he got banned from Twitter.

I can see

that's an interesting one.

I do have some some of the details here. Do you want me to read them please? Okay.

Looks like it's gonna be gross. It's

not stuff that I love saying. But I will say it

more JAXA shouldn't make.

He doesn't like cursing either. Let's see, I curse more than he does. So I guess I should say first strike. Fuck white people kill all men die sis GM, none of the above qualify as hate speech.

What was that?

I don't have the dates. I'm sorry.

But he's he's a white guy. I mean, obviously he's joking around there. White people

it also sounds like he's trying to make the point about rules and how you enforce them not actually. Which

is also exactly why you get kicked off Patreon. He was exactly Yeah,

well, I know he also posted a photo of interracial gay porn at some white nationalist to make them angry. Yes.

Yeah, he's funny. Why? He's funny is

I I can understand how posting that photo is an egregious violation of the rules whether whether or not he was trying to insult some people. That's a

very good point. And I wanted to bring that up. Is porn, a violation of the rules?

Porn generally no?

Good, really good for you? Why would what happens in my feed all the time, I follow a couple of naughty girls. And occasionally they post pictures of themselves engaging in intercourse. I'm like, yikes.

So then, what else were the other strikes for Sargon?

Let's see. There was the use of a Jewish slur.

How do you use it?

To a person you traitor Remainer white genocide supporting Islam a file Jewish slur lover. That should keep you going hashtag Hitler was right.

But these are general opinions. These are. These are targeted

at somebody that sounds like he's being like he's making a joke. I understand

in context. It sounds like the other one. Like in context, what he's saying particularly the fact that he's a white guy. That doesn't sound like a racial slur at all. I mean, he's saying fuck white people is white

and context. Again, these are tied together, right? I always knew that person was not to be trusted that fucking Jewish slur. Oh, so there's,

there's a bunch of very specific person targeting, trying to be very pro boxing out a specific Jewish person.

I don't know the race of this person.

I'm sorry. And this is not okay. But this is not this is not parody. This is not joking.

We didn't view it that way. I'm just not I'm not trying to like researching and all this. I'm just telling you what they were.

I knew he had done things that were like egregious violations of the rules, because, you know, plain simple, I didn't bring him up to, you know, go through and try and figure out a feat, but that it does sound like at least the first one was meant to be a chunk of Yeah.

So potentially, but there are a bunch of others, if you want to hear him more than sure that cheap roses again, targeted. This is how I know one day that I'll be throwing you from a helicopter, you're the same kind of malignant cancer, don't forget it. So there's just it's not one thing or two things or three things. It's just like a bunch of them.

Visions of grandeur. Imagine think you're gonna throw someone from a helicopter, he doesn't bring you in that helicopter,

but but admittedly, so. So he is on YouTube by the name of Sargon of Akkad. He's a big account. And I've criticized him for being overly mean in the past. And I think it's exactly he gets angry. But he is very different now. And I guess the reason I brought him up was not very different now. So well, a lot of the content he makes is much calmer. He's he's less likely to insult someone directly. He

makes probably recognizing that he's on his last straw. Oh, definitely. Especially kicked off with Twitter. He's on YouTube, he's probably gonna mind his p's and q's. Oh, but so

the reason I brought him up again, but we'll move on was that activists found a live stream from eight months ago, I totally forgot why I was bring this up, because we've moved so far away from where we were. But they they pulled us a clip from an hour and a half or whatever, into a two hour livestream on a small channel, they only had 2000 views, sent to Patreon. And then Patreon said, Yep, that's a violation and banned him outright without warning, which I've gotten to understand is different from what you guys do you do suspensions first. But I guess the reason I was bringing up was to talk about a few things. Why blocking isn't enough why muting isn't enough. And if you think that it's driving people off the platform, people post my tweets on Reddit, I blocked them, they use a dummy account, load up my tweet posted to Reddit and then spam me on Reddit. So, you know, blocking and even leaving Twitter would never do anything short of me shutting up. There's nothing you can do to protect me or anyone else.

Look, I mean, these are exactly the conversations we're having a one. The reason why I don't think blocking reading are enough is one, I don't think we've made mute powerful enough. It's spread all over the surface. You You can use it and then you gotta go find where you actually meet who these people are on their profile page. And that's just, it's not a it's a disaster. It just doesn't work in the same way that it should work in the same way that follow works, which is just the inverse event.

I noticed that now I get a notification that says you can't see this tweet because you meet this person, right before I would just see a weird reply and be like, Oh, it's one of those Exactly.

So there's also all this infrastructure that we have to fit So in order to, like pass those through in terms of what action you took, or what action someone else took to be transparent about, like what's happening on the network, the second. The second thing, that block is really interesting. I think it's my own view is it's wholly unsatisfying, because what you're doing is you're blocking someone, they get notification that you've blocked them, which may embolden them even more, which causes, you know, others around and ramifications from from the network. But also that person can log on to Twitter, and then look at your tweets, just on the public web, because we're Republic. So exactly. It doesn't feel as as rigorous and as durable as something like, making muet much stronger. But

I guess the challenge is, no matter what rule you put in place, people are going to harass you. If you're if you're engaging in public discourse, you know, if I go out in the street and yell out my opinion, somebody could get my face. If I get off Twitter, because I'm sick. I mean, look, you know, I'm sure you get away more than I do, especially as you know, the high profile probably getting in right now. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, me, too. God, I can only look. So the only thing I can do is, look, we're not on Twitter right now. We're on Joe Rogan's podcast, and they're still going to target you on Twitter, they're still gonna, I guarantee we're all over Reddit, the leftist probably railing on me the rights railing on you guys. So it's, it seems like even if you try everything in your power to make Twitter healthier and better, it's not going to change anything.

Sure about that? I'm not sure about that. Because one of the things that I do think is that just, I'm not in favor of a lot of this heavy handed banning, and a lot of the things that have been going on, particularly like a case like the MEGAN MURPHY case, but what I think that we are doing is we're, we're exploring the idea of civil discourse, where we're trying to figure out what's acceptable and what's not acceptable. And you're communicating about this on a very large scale. And it's putting that out there. And then people are discussing it, whether they agree or disagree when they vehemently defend you or, or hate you. They're discussing this. And this is I think, this is how these things change. And they change over long periods of time. Think about words that were commonplace just a few years ago, that you literally can't say anymore. Right now. There's so many of them that were extremely commonplace and not even thought to be offensive 10 years ago, that now you can get banned off appliances

for that's a good point to argue against banning people and to cease enforcing hate speech rules.

I agree with that as well. I think it's both thing.

Let me let me let me let me tell you something important. I was in the UK at an event for my name count, dank EULA, who I don't know if you've heard of Oh, sure. Yeah, Daniel was the guy who got charged and convicted of making a joke where he had his his pug do a Nazi salute. But I was there. And I was arguing that a certain white nationalist, had used racial slurs on YouTube. He has I don't want to name him. And some guy in the UK said, That's not true. He's never done that. And I said, You're crazy. Let me pull it up. Unfortunately, I don't know why. But when I did the Google search, nothing came up. What I did notice was at the bottom of the page, it said, due to UK law, certain things have been removed. So I don't know if it is exactly why I couldn't pull up a video proving or tweets or anything, because I think using these words gets stripped from the social platforms. I could not prove to this man, a century in the UK that this

could use a VPN and get around them.

Yeah, I mean, at the time, I was just like trying to pull it up. And I'm like, Ah, that's weird. So now you have someone who doesn't realize he's a fan of a bigot, because the law has restricted the speech. So there's a point to be made. If you I understand you want a healthy, like you want Twitter to grow, you need it to grow, the shareholders needed to grow that advertisers need to advertise. So you've got all these restrictions. But allowing people say these awful things, make sure we stay away from them. And it allows us to avoid certain people. And isn't it important to know that these people hold these beliefs if you get rid of them? You know, someone could walk into a business and you wouldn't even know that they were a neo Nazi. But if they were high profile, saying the things you'd be like, that's the guy at home, like

you're absolutely right. This is like one of my favorite sayings is that sunlight is the best disinfectant. And it's so so so true. Like one of the biggest problems with censorship is the fact that you push people underground and you don't know what's going on. And this is something I worry about. It's not that I don't worry about bad people. For these reasons. I also worry about driving people away from the platform and affecting their real lives. So like, we're trying to find this right balance and I hear you like, you may not think we're drawing the lines in the right place, and we get that feedback all the time. And we're always trying to find the right places. But I worry as much about like the underground and like being able to shine a light on these things is is anything else?

I think it's a cost benefit analysis and we have to constantly rehash it and do it. Like we we have the technology we have today. And we are looking at technologies which open up the aperture even more. And we all agree that a binary on or off is not the right answer and is not scalable, we have started getting into nuance within our enforcement. And we've also started getting into nuance with the presentation of of content. So, you know, one path might have been for some of your replies for us to just remove that those you know, offensive replies completely, we don't do that we hide it behind an interstitial to protect the original Twitter and and and also folks who don't want to see that they can still see everything, they just have to do one more tap. So that's one solution ranking is another solution. But as technology gets better, and we get better at applying to it, we have a lot more optionality. Whereas we don't, we don't have that as much today.

I feel like you know, I'm just gonna reiterate an earlier point, though, you know, if you recognize sunlight is the best disinfectant. You're it's like you're you're chasing after a goal that can never be met. If you want to, if you want to protect all speech, and they start banning certain individuals, you want to you want to increase the amount of healthy conversations, but you're banning some people, Well, how long until this group is now offended by that group? How long until you've banned everybody

I hear you, I don't believe a permanent ban promotes health. So I don't believe that, but we have to, we have to work with the technologies, tools and conditions that we that we have today. So and evolve over over time to where we can see examples, like this woman at the Westboro Baptist Church who was using Twitter every single day, to spread hate against the LGBTQIA community. And over time, we had, I think it was three or four folks on Twitter who would engage her every single day about what she was doing. And she actually left the church.

That's Michael Phelps. She's, she's amazing.

And she, she's now pulling her family out of that as well. And you could make the argument that if we banned that account early on, she would have never left the church, I completely hear that we we get it, it's just well, so

let's I just want to make sure we were advancing the conversation to not just gonna go back. So I'll just ask you this, have you considered allowing some of these people permanently banned back on with some restrictions, maybe you can only tweet twice per day, maybe you can't retweet or something to that effect. I

think we're very early in our thinking here. So we're open minded to how to do this. I think we agree philosophically that permanent bands are an extreme case scenario. And it shouldn't be one of our, you know, regular use tools in our tool chest. So how we do that, I think is something that we're actively talking about today.

Is there a timeline that we can so look, you know, I think

that would fix a lot of problems? Yes, I really do.

Like, I'm just curious, like, are you thinking like bands of a year or five years? 10 years? Like, I'm just curious, like, what is what is a reasonable ban in this kind of context?

Well, I think reasonably, someone should have to state their case as to why they want to be unbanned. Like someone should have to have a, like a well measured considerate response to what they did wrong. Do they agree with what they did wrong? Maybe perhaps saying why they don't think they did anything wrong? And you could review it from there.

I think, you know, one of the challenges, we have the benefit in English common law of hundreds of years of precedent and developing new rules and figuring out what works and doesn't Twitter's very different. So I think with the technology, I don't know, if you need permanent bans, or even or even suspensions at all, you could literally just, I mean, lock someone's account is essentially suspending them. But I again, I wouldn't, you know, claim to know anything about the things you go through. But what if you just restricted most of what they could say, you know, you blocked certain words in a certain dictionary, if someone's been if someone receives a greased Hill open, no, but but but think about this way. Is it better to permanently banned or better, but it's not good. It's not good even to think about it this way. Instead of being suspended for 72 hours, you get a dictionary block from hate speech words, right? Does that not make sense?

People just use coded language. That's what we see all the time. Yeah.

Well, good move. What do you think about perhaps, instead of what is it possible to have levels of Twitter, like a completely uncensored, unmoderated level of Twitter? And then you know, have like a radar and then have like a PG 13? I mean, I don't think that's a bad idea.

We have those levels in place today, but you don't really see them. One, we have a Not Safe For Work switch, which you can turn on or off.

Oh, really? Say for work switch, which I think you haven't off. Joe, do you think so?

Other things you're seeing you know, it's there. So we so we have that. And then as Richard pointed out earlier, you know, we have the timeline. We we started ranking the timeline about three years ago. We enable people today to turn that off completely. And see, you know, reverse cron of everything they follow you can you can imagine a world where that switch has a lot more power over more Over algorithms throughout more of the surface areas, you can imagine that so these are all the questions that are on the table. Yes, about timeline. And this is this is a challenging one. I don't know about timeline. Because first, we, we've decided that our priority right now is going to be on proactively enforcing a lot of this content specifically around anything that impacts physical safety, like, like Daxing. So,

right, but there's so many examples of what you guys not doing that.

I know. But that that's what we that's what we're seeing right now. That's that's a prioritization. But I think from your perspective, we think more in terms of milestones and the particular timeline, we're gonna move as fast as we can, but some of it's a function of our, of our infrastructure of the technology we have to we have to bring to bear. Do

you guys have conversations about trying to shift the public perception of having this left wing bias and maybe possibly addressing it? Yeah. I'm doing right now. Right. Yeah,

I went on the Sean Hannity show. I, you know, we how's that we brought ourselves before it was pretty a lot of sunlight. It was short. And he Well, it was short. And there weren't a lot of really tough questions and feedback as well. And yeah, I get it like, look, again, I'm also I'm from Missouri, my dad is Republican, he listened to Hannity, he listened to Rush Limbaugh, my mom was a Democrat. And I feel extremely fortunate that I was able to first see that spectrum, but also feel safe enough to express my own point of view. But when I go on someone like Hannity, I'm not talking to Hannity, I'm talking to people like my dad who listen to him, right. And I want to get across how we think and, and also that our thinking evolves. And here's the challenges we're seeing and like, this is our intent. This is what we're trying to protect. And we're going to make some mistakes along the way. And we're going to admit to him, we didn't admit to them in the past week and middle to a lot more over over the past three years. But, you know, I don't know any other way to address some of these issues at all. It all goes back to trust, like our one of our core operating principles is earning trust, how do we earn more trust? And I know there are people in the world who do not trust us at all in there are some people who trust us a little bit more, but this is the thing that we want to measure this the thing that we want to get better at. I

saw I had a conversation with I think Katie Hertzog No, no. Who was it? As the wrong person, you had a Twitter conversation with Kara Swisher wrong person, but someone's got to shut up. And, you know, I see that the left goes at us in the opposite direction, they want more, they want more bending, they want more, you know, restrictions, and then look at the right is saying less. Right. So I mean, in terms

of solving the problem. Tell us what that conversation was about.

I do want to summarize, because because my thing I was pointing out specifically was that you're being asked to do more in terms of controlling,

it wasn't just more but to be a lot more specific about what actions we've taken to promote more health on the platform, like what products did we change? What policies did we introduce in the past two years? So she was asking questions, every question she asked, she wanted me to be a lot more specific. And some of these things have something that is very specific, some are directional right now. Because like we have to prioritize, you know, the direction and I talked about, like, you know, we've decided that physical safety is going to be a priority for us. And to us, that means, like being a whole lot more proactive around things like Daxing.

So to suggestions, I guess I'm not going to imply that you have unlimited funding, but we did mention the peer review. Right, right. I mean, you had the you mentioned earlier with layoffs and retraction. Peer review, which we mentioned, but have you just considered opening an office even a small one for trust and safety in an area that's not predominantly blue? So that at least you have, like you can have some pushback? And is what is learned to code mean? And then they could tell you absolutely.

So that's a that's great feedback. And just so you know, the trust and safety team is also a global team. And the enforcement team is a global team. So it's not like people from California who are looking at everything, making decisions that are global. Now I hear your point about who trains them and the materials they have and all that. And like we have to think about that. And that's, that's one thing that Jack has really been pushing us to think about is how do we decentralize our workforce, because out of San Francisco, out of San Francisco with in particular, so this is something he's very focused on.

What about publishing evidence of wrongdoing and abandoned? So when people say, you know, what did Alex Jones really do? Maybe a lot of people didn't realize what you what you saw. And again, it's an issue of trust. Yeah,

I love this. Tim, I'm a lawyer. So by training, we're thinking of doing something called we call case studies. But essentially, like, this is our case law. This is what we use. And so on high profile cases, cases people ask us about like to actually publish this so that we can go through, you know, tweet by tweet just like this, because I think a lot of people just don't understand and they don't believe us when we're saying these things. So to put that out there so people can see and again, they may disagree with the calls that we're making, but we at least want them to see why we're making these calls. I think and that that I do want to do, I want to at least start that by the end of this year. So

I think, you know, ultimately, my main criticism stands that I don't see a solution to in that Twitter is an unelected, you know, unaccountable, as far as I'm concerned, when it comes to public discourse, you have rules that are very clearly at odds, as we discussed, I don't see a solution to that. And I think, in my opinion, we can have this kind of like, we've toned things down, we've had some interesting conversations. But ultimately, unless you're willing to allow people to just speak, speak entirely freely. You are, we have an unelected group with a near monopoly on public discourse in many capacities. And I understand it's not everything right, it is big too. And it's, you know, what I see is, you are going to dictate policy, whether you realize it or not, and that's going to terrify people, and it's going to make violence happen, it's going to make things worse, you know, the, I hate bringing up this example, on the on the rule for misgendering, because I'm actually I understand it, and I can agree with it to a certain extent. And I've you know, nothing but nothing but respect for the trans community. But I also recognize, we've seen an escalation in street violence, we see a continually disenfranchised large faction of individuals whose country, we then see only one of those factions banned, we then see a massive multinational billion dollar corporation with private and foreign investors. And it looks to me like if you hold, if you no foreign governments are trying to manipulate us there, I don't see a direct solution to that problem, that you do have political views, you do enforce them. And that means that Americans who are abiding by American rule are being excised from political discourse. And that's the future. That's it.

Yeah, we do have views on the approach. And again, like, we, we ground this in creating as much opportunity as possible for the largest number of people, right. That's where it starts. And where we are today, will certainly evolve, but like that, that is what we are trying to pace are our rules and judgments not. And I get that that's an ideology, I completely understand it. But we, we also have to, we also have to be free to experiment with solutions and experiment with evolving policy and putting something out there that might look right at the time and evolving. I'm not saying this is it but like, we, we look to research, we look to our experience and data on the platform and and we make a call. And if we get it wrong, we're we're going to admit it, and we're going to evolve

it. But I guess, do you, you understand my point? I understand the point that there are there are American citizens abiding by the law who have a right to speak and be involved in public discourse that you have decided aren't allowed to do.

And I think we've discussed, like, we we don't see that as a win. We see it as not promoting health, ultimately over time. Right. But

it's ultimately what is your priority? Do you have it prioritized in terms of what you've got what you guys would like to change?

I think Jack has said it a couple of times, but the first thing we're going to do is prioritize people's physical safety. Because that's gotta be understanding.

You already have done that pretty much, right? No, you do that more. We've

prioritized it. Okay, we're doing the work. I don't think companies like ours. Make the link enough. But what online and offline ramifications? What's

the main criticism? What's the main criticism? You guys? Is it censorship? That you guys experience? Is it censorship? Is a banning? Like, what is it? What is? What do you get the most? It depends on every

single person has a different criticism. So I don't think there's a universal opinion. I

mean, you just painted the picture, right? Between, like the left spectrum is asking for more Sure. On the right is asking for less. That's very simplified just for this country. But at a high level. Yeah, that's consistent. I mean,

my opinion would be as much as I don't, I don't like a lot of what people say about me what they do. The rules you've enforced on Twitter have done nothing to stop harassment towards me or anyone else. Right, I sort of had my Twitter, I mean, my Reddit is probably, you know, 50 messages from various, you know, far left and left wing subreddits, lying about me, calling me horrible names, quote, tweeting me, and these people are blocked, right. And I never used to block people because I thought it was silly, because I can get around it anyway. But I decided to at one point, because out of sight out of mind, if they see my tweets last, they'll probably interact with me last, but they do this. And they lie about what I believe they lie about what I stand for. And they're trying to destroy everything about me. And they do this to other people. I recognize that. So ultimately, I say, Well, what can you do? It's going to happen on one of these platforms, the internet is a thing, as they say, on the internet. Welcome to the internet. So you know, to me, I see Twitter, trying to enforce all these rules to maximize good and all you end up doing is stripping people from the platform, putting them in dark corners of the web where they get worse, and then you don't actually solve the relevant problem

or corner of the web, right? No, I'm not talking to you.

But there are dark corners of Reddit. There are alternatives. I mean, the internet isn't gonna go away and people have found alternatives. And here's the other thing that's really disconcerting. We can see a trend among all these different big Silicon Valley tech companies and they hold a similar view to you guys. They banned some ideology and they are creating a parallel society. You've got alternative social networks popping up that are taking the dregs of the of the mainstream and giving them a place to flourish, grow, make money. Now we're seeing people be banned from MasterCard from banned from PayPal, even banned from Chase Bank, because they all hold the same similar ideology to you. Oh, it's, you know, in some capacities. I don't know exactly why Chase does it. I assume it's because you'll get some activists who will lie when we were talking about. There have been a series of individuals banned from Chase Bank. accounts have been Yes, their accounts were closed one I think maybe the most notable might be Martina Mahkota. I don't know much about her. I follow her on Twitter and her tweets are typical, conservative fair. And she created a comic I think it's called Lady alchemy. She's a Trump supporter, and she got a notice that her business account was terminated. You then have Joe Biggs, who previously worked with Infowars. I don't know much about this. I didn't follow up. But he tweeted out, Chase has shattered my account. And then you have the new chairman of the proud boys and reggae. I forgot his last name TARIO or something. And so

he was really white. Oh, no, he's

he's Afro Cuban.

I know. That's what's the letter.

But you know, so what I see across the board, it's not just and this what I want to bring up before about perspective on these things. You guys are like, we're gonna do this one thing, and no snowflake blames itself for the avalanche. But now what do we have? We have conservatives being stripped from PayPal, we have certainly, I'll just say individuals from PayPal Patreon financing. So they set up alternatives. Now we're seeing people who have like, you mentioned Westboro Baptist Church, and she's been de radicalized by being on the platform. But now we have people who are being radicalized by being pushed into the dark corners. And they're building and they're getting, they're growing. And they're growing, because there's this, this idea that you can control this and you can't. You know, I think you mentioned earlier that there are studies showing and also counterparties, but people exposed to each other is better. I found something really interesting. And because I have most, whether or not people want to believe this, all of my friends are on the left. And some of them are even like socialists. And they're absolutely terrified to say to talk, because they know they'll get attacked by the people who call for censorship and try to get him fired. And when I talked to them, I was talking to a friend of mine in LA, and she said, Is there a reason to vote for Trump? And I explained a very simple thing about Trump supporters. This was back in 2016. I said, Oh, well, you know, you got a lot of people who are concerned about the free trade agreements, sending jobs overseas, so they don't know much about Trump, but they're gonna vote for him because he supported that and so did Bernie. And then the response is really, I didn't know that. And so you have this, this ever expanding narrative that Trump supporters are Nazis, and the mogga hat is the kicker, K hood, and a lot of this rhetoric, you know, emerges on Twitter. But when when a lot of these people are getting excised, then you can't actually meet these people and see that they're actually people. And they may be mean, they may be mean people. They may be awful people, but they're still people. And even if they have bad opinions, sometimes you actually, I think in most instances, you find the regular people. Well,

there's a part of the problem of calling for censorship and banning people and that it is sometimes effective, and that people don't want to be thought of as being racist, or in support of racism, or in supportive nationalism, or any of these horrible things. So you feel like if you support these bannings, you support positive discourse and a good society and all these different things. What you don't realize is, what you're saying is that this does create these dark corners of the web. And these other social media platforms evolve and have farm it mean when you're talking about bubbles. And about these, these group think bubbles. The worst kind of group think bubbles is a bunch of hateful people that get together and decide their posts. They've been persecuted. Instead of like we were talking about, with Megan Phelps having an opportunity to maybe reshape their views by having discourse with people who choose to or not choose to engage with them. Well, let's,

let's think about the the logical end of where this is all going. You want healthier conversation, so you're willing to get rid of some people who then feel persecuted and have no choice but to band together with others, MasterCard, Chase Patreon. They all do it, Facebook does it. They're growing, these platforms are growing, they're getting more users, they're expanding, they're showing up in real life, and they're there. You know, even if these people who are banned aren't the neo Nazi evil, they're just regular people who have banded together that forms a parallel finance system, a parallel economy, you've got Patreon alternatives emerging where people are saying, you know, we reject you. And now we're on a platform where people say the most ridiculous things. Now they have money and normalizes that as well, that's also that's what I mean by a parallel society. To them. Everything they're doing is just and righteous and you can't stop them

anymore. And it develops hate for the opposing viewpoint, you start hating people that are progressive, because these are the people that like you and I have talked about the data and society report that labeled us as alt right adjacent or whatever now more fake news coming out, right? Well connected because you and I have talked to people that are on the right or far right that somehow or another we're secretly far right and that there's this influence network of people together. And this fake Well, it's, it's a schizophrenic connection. It's one of those weird things where people draw the circle Oh, you talked to this guy and this guy to talk to that guy, therefore, you know that guy. Well, so

So here's an expanded part of this problem. So this probably familiar but a group called data in society published what's entirely fake report, labeling at one alt right adjacent to wherever they want to call it. YouTube channels included Joe Rogan. And me. It's fake. But you know what a couple of dozen news outlets wrote about it as if it was fact you believe the proud boys were labeled as FBI by the FBI as extremists when they actually weren't, it was a sheriff's report from someone not affiliate with the FBI. But they are activists within Media who have an agenda. And we saw this with learn to code. It was an NBC reporter who very clearly is in left wing identitarian writing a story for NBC than your average american sees that NBC story thinks it's factual, then everyone talks about it, then your people hear about it, then you start banning people. So you know, to drive the point home, the snowflake won't blame itself for the avalanche, you guys are doing what you think is right. So is Facebook, YouTube, Patreon, all these all these platforms, and it's all going to result in one thing, it's going to result in groups like Patriot prayer and the proud boys saying I refuse to back down showing up, it's gonna result in Antifa showing up, it's going to result in more extremism. You've got an Antifa count that published the home addresses and phone numbers that hasn't been banned. That's going to further like show conservatives that the policing is asymmetrical, whether you know it is or isn't. And I think the only outcome to this, on the current course of action is like insurgency, we've seen people planting bombs and using try to blow up a statue, we saw someone plant a bomb at a police station in Eugene, Oregon, two weeks before that a guy showed up with a gun and fire two rounds at a cop wearing a smash the patriarchy and shelter. So, you know, so that happens. Then a week later, they say you killed our comrades. And a week later a bomb was planted. I don't believe it's coincidence. Maybe it is. But, you know, I lived in New York, I got out too many people knew who I was. And there was people sending me emails with threats. And I'm like this is escalating. You know, we've seen throughout the past two years with Trump we've seen Breitbart has a list of 640 instances of Trump supporters being physically attacked or harassed in some way. There was a story the other day about an 81 year old man who was attacked, and it seems like everything's flowing in one direction. And nobody wants to take responsibility and say, maybe we're doing something wrong. Right. That's why That's why I brought up earlier regulation is, in my opinion, inevitable.

I mean, I don't think it's going to be the responsibility of any one company, we have a desire to be clear that we have a desire to promote health in in public conversation. And as we've said, like I don't think over time, a permanent ban promotes health. I don't but we have, we have to we have to get there. There are exceptions to the rule, of course, but like, we, we just have work to do. And I the benefit of conversations like this is we're talking about it more, but the people will naturally call us out like you got to you got to show it as well.

Do you fear regulation?

I don't, I don't fear regulation. If if we're talking about regulation in the government intervention in the job of if a regulator job is to protect the individual, and make sure that they level the playing field, and they're not pushed by any particular special interests, like companies like ours, who might, you know, work with irregular to protect our own interest that I think is incorrect. I agree that we should have an agency that can help us protect the protect the individual and level the playing field. So I think oftentimes, companies see themselves as reacting to regulation. And I think we need to take more of an education role. So I don't fear it. I want to make sure that we're educating regulators on what's possible, what we're seeing and where we could go.

When you say educating regulators that's initiating a regulation. I mean, you mean,

not necessarily. I mean, we might just be taught

cating regulators, who are these regulators.

These are folks who, who might be tasked with coming up with a proposal for particular legislation or, or laws, to present to legislators. So it's making sure that we are educating to the best of our ability, this is what we are, this is what we see, this is where technology is going. And do

you think you can hold off regulation, though? Do you think that by these approaches, and by being proactive, and by taking a standard, perhaps offering up a road to redemption to these people, and making clear distinctions between what you're what you're allowing what you're not allowing you can hold off regulation? Or do you disagree with what he's saying about regulator? I

don't believe that should be our goal is to hold off regulation, I believe we should be we should participate like any other citizen, whether it be a corporate citizen or an individual citizen, in helping to guide the right regulation.

So are you familiar and I could be wrong on this? Because it's been like 15 years since I've done this. Are you familiar with the Clean Water Restoration Act? At all? I don't expect anybody it's a very specific thing. So it was at some point in like the early 70s There was a river in Ohio and again, I couldn't Iran has been 15 years I used to work for an environmental organization started on fire. And what was typically told to us was that all of these different companies said we're doing the right thing. But this like, as I mentioned, the snowflake doesn't blame itself. So over time, the river was so polluted, it became sludge and lit on fire. And so someone said, if all of these companies think they're doing the right thing, and they've all just contributed to this nightmare, we need to tell them blanket regulation. And so what I see with these companies like banking institutions, public discourse platforms, video distribution, I actually, I'm really worried about what regulation will look like, because I think the government is going to, you know, screw everything up. But I think there's going to be a recoil of first I think the Republicans, because I watched the testimony you had in Congress, and I thought they had no idea what they're talking about, nor did they care. There was like a couple of people who made good points, but for the most part, they were like, whatever. And they asked about Russia and stuff. So they have no idea what's going on. But there will come a time, when, you know, for instance, one of the one of the great things they brought up was that by default, when someone in DC signs up, they see way more Democrats than Republicans. Right? You remember that when you just about? Yeah. So well, that there's an issue. And I don't think I believe you, when you say it's algorithmic that these are, you know, prominent individuals, so they get automatically recommended. But then there, you know, so again, the solution to that, like, how do you regulate a programmer to create an algorithm to solve that problem is crazy. You're regulating someone to invent technology. But I feel like there'll be a backlash when too many. Right now we're seeing the reason one of the reasons we're having this conversation is that conservatives feel like they're being persecuted and repressed. So then it's going to escalate from it's not going to stop with these conversations.

And so that we've been having a lot of talks about this, particularly around algorithms. And one of the things that we're really focused on is not just fairness and outcomes, but also explainability of algorithms. And I know, Jack, you, you love this stuff. So I don't know if you want to talk a little bit about our work there. Yeah, I

mean, we. So there's two fields of research within artificial intelligence that are rather new, but I think really impactful for our industry. One is fairness and ml. So what fairness and machine learning and deep learning. So looking at everything from what dataset is fed to an algorithm, sort of like the training data set, all the way to how the algorithm actually behaves on that on that data set, making sure that it does not develop bias over the long term longevity of the algorithms use case. So that's one area that we want to lead in. And we've been working with some of the leading researchers in the industry to do that. Because the reality is a lot of this human judgment is moving algorithms. And the second issue with it moving algorithms is algorithms today can't necessarily explain the decision making criteria that they use. So they can't explain in the way that you make a decision, you explain why you make that decision. algorithms today are not being programmed in such a way that they can even explain that you may wear an Apple Watch, for instance, it might tell you to stand every now and then. Right now, those algorithms can't explain why why they're doing that, right. And that that's a bad example, because it does it every every 15 minutes. But as we offload more and more of these decisions, both internally and also individually to watches and to cars and whatnot, there's no, there's no ability right now for that algorithm to actually go through and list out the criteria used to make that decision. So this is another area that we'd like to get really good at, if we want to continue to be transparent around our actions, because a lot of these things are just black boxes, and they're being built in that way. Because there's been no research into like, Well, how do we get these algorithms to explain what their decision is, like motion hasn't been asked? My

fear is you It's technology that you need to build. But the public discourse is there. We know that foreign governments are doing this. We know that democratic operatives in Alabama did this. And so I imagine that, you know, with Donald Trump, I, you know, he talked about an executive order for free speech on college campuses. So the chattering is here, someone's going to take a sledgehammer to Twitter, to Facebook, to YouTube and just be like, for not understanding the technology behind it. Not willing to give you the benefit, but the benefit of the doubt and just saying, I don't care why you're doing it, we're mad. You know what I mean? And then pass some bills. And then it's over. Again, clarifying. I think you guys are biased. And I think what you're doing is dangerous. But I think that doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what you think is right. It matters that all of these companies are doing similar things. And it's and it's and it's already terrifying people. I mean, look when when I saw somebody got banned from their bank account, that's terrifying. And Pay Pal has done this for a long time. You know, that seems

like more egregious than getting banned from any social justice or social media platform that that seems to me to be worthy of. A boycott,

patriot. Patreon issued a statement about a man I believe his name is Robert Spencer. And they said MasterCard instructed us to ban him. And you know, you'd all say this to me mentioning Chase Pay Pal MasterCard terrifies me. I'm on the Joe Rogan podcast right now calling out these big companies in defiance. And we've already seen,

I would like to know all the specifics of why they chose to do that. And I would hope that they would release some sort of a statement explaining why they chose to do that. Maybe there's something we don't know, there was

there was a reporter. And I kept getting this wrong cuz I didn't follow it very much with big league politics, who said that after reporting on PayPal negatively, they banned him. That's terrifying. So less

reporting on it in what way like reporting on the Sargon of Akkad issue? No,

apparently is a journalist. He wrote about something bad Pay Pal did big league politics is conservative. And so all of a sudden, he got a notification that they can't tell him why but he's gone. So I see these big tech monopolies. I see YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, I see Pay Pal MasterCard, and they're doing it. And they all say they're doing the right thing. But all of these little things they're doing are adding up to something nightmarish. And some some right legislator is going to show up and in a matter of time with a sledgehammer and just, he's gonna whack your algorithm. Well, it's

really the same stupid logic where I was talking about where, you know, Gavin was saying punch people when you punch people. It doesn't end there. ban them. Ban doesn't end there doesn't end there. Yeah, you have to realize also Twitter's how old now? 11 years old. 13 years old.

1313 years old.

Well, 13 years from now, what are the odds that there's not going to be something else just like it? Well, pretty slim. Yeah, we do. A million No,

but let's let's let's talk about the incestuous relationship that a lot of these journalists have in defending the policies you guys push. Gab it was was was a study was done. I talked about this last time where they found 5% of the tweet of the I don't say tweets, but the posts on gab or hate speech compared to Twitter's like 2.4. So it's a marginal increase at gab is called the white supremacy network. Of course, you go on it and yeah, absolutely exists. They say that synagogue shooter Oh, who was a gab user, he was a Twitter user, too. He posted on Twitter all the time. So why the media is targeting. It's such a crazy reality is octave narrowed. When when the Guardian, I believe was the Daily Mail called count dank, EULA Nazi hate criminal. It's really made a joke on YouTube. And he's been he was arrested. I think got every day, we have the First Amendment in this

country. Well, that was a cover of a newspaper. That was because he got a job somewhere they get he got fired. For that

he got kicked off the show. Wow. Yeah. So you have to let me let me. Let me ask you another thing. Do you guys, do you guys take the advice of the Southern Poverty Law Center? Do we take the advice of like, so it's widely circulated? The SPLC lobbies various social platforms to ban certain people? They advise? It's been reported they advised YouTube as the anti Defamation League, do you do use them in your decision making process it rule development? We're

very aware of flaws with certain of their research. And we're very careful about who we take advice from,

but do you take advice from them?

I think that they have certainly reached out to our team members, but there's certainly nothing definitive that we take from them. We don't

take action, you never take an action based on the information received from them. So the reason I bring them up specifically is that they're cited often. You know, in the United States, there's other groups like hope, not hate in the UK. And now they're all going to point their, you know, figurative guns at me for saying this. But the Southern Poverty Law Center, wrote an article where they claimed I went to Iran for a holocaust deniers conference. And I've never been to Iran. And their evidence was this guy found an archived website from a Holocaust denier with my name on it. And that was their proof. And there are people who have been labeled, you know, extremists by this organization that have been you, Sam Harris. Sam Harris was started was

Yeah. I mean, it didn't they lose a big lawsuit around this. They settling? Yeah.

So again, like not not to imply that you guys do use it, but I asked specifically, because it's been reported other organizations do. So we have activist organizations, we have journalists that I can attest, are absolutely activists, because I've worked for I worked for Vice, I worked for fusion, I was told it implicitly, not explicitly to lie to side with the audience, as it were, I've seen the the narratives they push. And I've had conversations with people that I'm not going to I'm going to keep relatively off the record journalists who are terrified because they said the narrative is real. Right. One journalist in particular said that he had really had evidence of, you know, essentially, he had reasonably if there was wrongdoing, but if he talks about it, he could lose his job. And there there was a journalist who reported to me that data in society admitted the report was was was was incorrect. And now you've got organizations lobbying for terminating Joe and I, because of this stuff. So this, this narrative persists. Then you see all the actions I mentioned before, and all the organizations saying we're doing the right thing, and I gotta say, like we're living in. I mean, I feel like we're looking at the doorway to the nightmare dystopia of AI.

I just want to clarify, like, I don't, I don't know if we're going around saying we're, we're necessarily doing the right thing. We're saying why we're doing what we're doing. Right. That's what we need to get better at. And I I don't want to hide behind what we believe is like the right thing we have to clearly rationalize why we're making the decision we're making and more of that that's that to me, is the prevention from this snowflake avalanche metaphor.

Well, but but I think it's just obvious to point out again, I said this before we can have the calm conversation I can understand you. But from from where I'm sitting, you hold a vastly different ideology than I do. And you have substantially more power in controlling my government that terrifies me. And what's what makes it worse is that a Saudi prince owns, as was reported, that Saudi prince owns a portion of that company. So I'm sitting here like, just a little American, can't do anything to stop it. I'm just watching this unaccountable machine churn away, and you're just one snowflake in an avalanche, all these other companies are as well. And I'm like, well, here we go, this is gonna be a ride. They

just said that Saudi prince doesn't have any influence. What am

I supposed to trust that that's, that's the issue, right? I'm not trying to insinuate he's showing up to your meetings and telling you what to do. But when someone dumps a billion dollars in your company, I think it's silly to imply that they don't at least have some influence. But But regardless,

and unlike the internet, within a company like ours, you don't necessarily see the protocol, you don't see the, the processes, and that's an area where we can do a lot more, I

guess, you know, beat it over the head a million times, it'd be the dead horse. I think ultimately, yeah, I get what you're doing. I think it's wrong. I think it's terrifying. And I think we're looking, we're slow. We're on the avalanche already. It's happened. And we're heading down to this nightmare scenario of a future where it terrifies me when I see people who claim to be supporting liberal ideology, burning signs that say free speech, threatening violence against other people. You have these journalists who do the same thing. They accuse everybody of being a Nazi, everybody of being a fascist Joe Rogan. And you're like, you're like a socialist. As far as I know. You're like, ubi proponent? You know,

I wouldn't necessarily say I'm a very, I'm

being facetious. I'm

very liberal. And except for a second amendment, that's probably the only thing that I disagree with a lot of liberals. And then

you see what the media says about everybody. You see how they call Jordan Peterson all day and night. All right, the alt right hates him. And this narrative is used to strip people of their income to to remove them from public discourse. And it was foolish

because in the ultimately, upon examination, like you're saying that sunlight is the best disinfectant. Absolutely. Upon examination, you realize that this is not true at all, and that these people look foolish, like the data and society article.

No, no, no. All these organizations publish that as fact, without looking at any data.

Maybe some did. But no, dozens. But yeah, and no, no, no, they're still talking about millions and millions of people who are these people that are still citing it, Guardian will clamp down and start yelling, shame. But so so so look foolish,

we now have, and this makes things muddier, as we now have a guy who's claiming that he did this, you're gonna love this, there's a guy claiming that the 81 accounts listed on this thing is all right, have been done no longer being recommended on YouTube. And so I looked at the statistics for various people on this channel, because first of all, my channel is doing great, my recommendations are way up, as are yours, a lot of people are growing. And I did a comparison, like, subscribers are up views are up, what's this guy claiming. And apparently, he did a big sampling of videos, where he for some reason, thought you Joe Rogan were 12% of all videos in this network. And then when when his data stopped working, he claimed that everything stopped. So he actually produced a graph of primarily your channel. And then when his system stopped working, he published that and it was picked up by CNET. And now you have people claiming the alt right has been banned from from YouTube. And it's more fake news based off fake news based off fake news.

I don't understand what you're saying.

So basically, there's a guy claiming that because of data in society, we have been stripped of recommendations on YouTube that you don't

I'll tell you one thing that is true, though we don't trend. Like Alex Jones was saying, like, the video we did got 9 million views, but it's not trending. And I said, Well, it's because my videos never trend. They just don't trend. Well here. But I think it's probably because of the language that's used. I think that's that's part of the issue. It's a subject matter in language I think they have they have a bias against swearing and you know, extreme topics and subjects if I

don't I don't think that's true, because you've had like, late night TV hosts to talk about really messed up things.

They don't swear though, it's not it's not a matter of and what they talked about whether that's messed up in comparison to what we talked about, it's probably pretty different.

You know, I'm in I'm, I'm fairly resigned to this future happening, no matter what we do about it. And so I bought a van and I'm gonna convert it to a cruise. Well, I'm kind of into a workstation right?

You're gonna be a prepper bro. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

First of all, I will say it's hilarious to me like that people have band aids they never used but they don't store like at least one emergency like food supply. It's like you never use band aids. Why do you have them? But no, I do I see this every day. It was a couple of years ago I said wow, I see what's happening on social media. We're gonna see violence boom, violence happened. I said, Oh, it's gonna escalate someone's gonna kill boom, Charlottesville happened. And it's like I've there have been statements from foreign security advisors, international security experts saying we're facing down high probability of civil war. And I know it sounds crazy. It's not gonna look like what you think it looks like. It may not be as extreme as it wasn't 1800s. But this was, I think, I think it was in the Atlantic, where they surveyed something like 10 different international security experts who said based on what the platforms are doing based on how the people are responding. One guy said it was like 90 percent chance, but the average was really high.

Well, let's, let's look outside of the idea of physical war. And let's look at the war of information, what we're talking about what's happening with foreign entities invading social media platforms and trying to influence our elections and our democracy. That is a war of information. That is that war is already going on. If you're looking at something like data and society, that's sort of an act of war in that regard, right. It's an information war,

an attempt to to lie to people, it's a ship out there, their ideological opponents.

And it's also one of the women who wrote that said that it's been proven over and over again, the D platforming is an effective way to silence and then called for us to be banned. Yeah. What's what's kind of hilarious? I don't think she was saying that we should be banned for I don't think she said, Well, she should be she said

something to the effect of YouTube has to take action to prevent this from you know,

well, you know, when people see someone saying things that they don't agree with, it's very important for people to understand where silencing people leads to. And I don't think they do I think people have these very simplistic ideologies and these very, very narrow minded perceptions of what is good and what is wrong. And I think, and I've been saying this over and over again, but I think it's one of the most important things to state people need to learn to be reasonable. They need to be learned to be reasonable and civil discourse. civil discourse is extremely important. And think over the long term. Yes, they understand it. You're playing chess. Yeah. We did three hours and 30 minutes, then we nobody had a P. Amazing, proud of all of you.

We did start a little late. Yeah, we're like 315. I mean, I guess the last thing I could say is I don't think I think we had a good conversation. I think we did I honestly, I don't think we've solved anything. I don't think there's any any, do you think we could do this again,

like six months and see where you guys are at in terms of like, what I think is important is the road to redemption. I think that would open up a lot of doors for a lot of people to appreciate you,

we're gonna need more than six months.

Here, here's the scary thing, the information travels faster than you can, right? Yeah, that's the point I was making. The our culture is going to evolve faster than you can catch up to that problem, because there's a problem. And I don't want to do technology took a big leap. Twitter existed, the internet existed. Now we're all talking so quickly, you can't actually solve the problem before the people get outraged by it. So

no one could I mean, there was an early phrase on the internet, by some of the earliest internet engineers, and designers, which is code is law. And a lot of a lot of what companies like ours and startups and random folks who are individuals who are contributing to the internet will change parts of society in some for the positive and some for the negative. And the most, I think the most important thing that we need to do is to, as Victor said, shine up, punch a light on it, make sure that people know where we stand and where we're trying to go, and what bridges we might need to build from our current state to the future state and, and be open about the fact that like, we're not going to and this is, to your other point, we're not going to get to a perfect answer here. Like it's, it's just going to be steps and steps and steps and steps. And the what we need to build is agility, what we need to build as an ability to experiment very, very quickly and take in all these feedback loops that we get some feedback loops like this, within the numbers itself, and then integrate them much faster. What's wrong

with with the jury system on Twitter? Why wouldn't that work?

I don't know why I want to work on I'm not saying we wouldn't test that. Yeah, like we're testing our scope. And I don't have a reason, a compelling reason why we wouldn't do it within Twitter, either. I don't. So we likely will. But, you know, again, we were a company of so many resources, finite resources, finite people, and we need to prioritize, and we've decided you may disagree with this decision. But we've decided that physical safety and the admission of off platform ramifications is critical for us. And we need to be able to be a lot more proactive in our enforcement, which will lead to stronger answers. And we want to we want to focus on the physical safety aspect. And Daxing is a perfect example that has patterns that are recognizable, and then we can move on,

I hear it. And I just feel like, you know, the conclusion I can come to in the conversation is you're going to do what you think needs to be done. I think what you're doing is wrong. And ultimately, nothing's gonna change. I get it, you're gonna you're going to try new technologies, you're going to try and do new systems. From from where I see it. I think you have an ideology, diametrically opposed to mine. I mean, not to an extreme degree. I think there are people who are more like I'm not conservative. There are a lot of people who are who are probably think, you know, I'll say this to you or a symbol for a lot of them and so I can definitely respect you having a conversation. There are so many different companies that do things that piss people off. You're sitting here right now I'm sure there's a ton of conservatives who are pointing all of their anger and you because you are here But you know, ultimately, I just feel like, I don't think anything's gonna change. I think you're on your path, you know what you need to do, and you're trying to justify it. And I'm looking at what Twitter is doing as very wrong. And it's, it's, it's it's oppressive and ideologically driven. And I'm trying to justify why you shouldn't do it, but nothing's going to change.

My intention is to build a platform that gives as many people as possible opportunity to freely express themselves.

Some people believe the United States has already done that. And Twitter is now going against what the US has developed over hundreds of years.

This is a platform. I mean, the United States doesn't have a platform to do that Twitter is when you're talking about the internet, the United States, if they want to come up with the United States, Twitter, like a solution alternative that the government runs, and they use it use free speech to govern that. Good luck. Good luck with that. Well, it's

a huge, it's a huge challenge. And also, I

recognize not just, you know, almost insurmountable. I mean, they have the dummies that are in charge of the United States government. This

is why I said regulation two is scary. Yeah, you know, this slide sheets, a terrible idea. But so but you know, and I think it's important to point out too, that a lot of people don't realize, you guys have to contend with profits, you have to be able to make money to pay your staff, there's no like, you don't get free money to run your company. So aside from the fact that you have advertisers want to be on the platform, I imagine a lot of these companies are enforcing hate speech policies, because advertisers don't want to be associated with certain things. So that creates, you know, through advertisement, cultural restrictions. That's 100%.

The problem, right, 100% of the problem with most of these platforms, including YouTube. Absolutely. Yeah, I mean, when the PewDiePie thing happened, and all of these, you know, restrictions came down on on advertising and content creators, that's where it comes from. It all comes from from money. It's

why all

those good, just to be clear, those can be segmented, as well. Secondly, advertisers can choose where they want to where they want to be placed, certainly,

but the platform recognizes there's a huge blowback, and they're losing money.

I mean, look at the pedo scandal that just happened on YouTube. It was people posting comments with timestamps, they weren't even breaking the rules. And advertisers pull up the platform, and YouTube didn't realize because they weren't breaking the rules. They're just creepy dudes. So be people.

Yeah. Also, they were putting comments. And so one of the most preposterous responses to that was that content creators is going to be responsible for their comments. Well, they turn them off. Well, the problem was this legit people like me is that I put out a lot of content. And there's millions of views. And it's impossible to moderate the comments, and we don't moderate them at all

right, but YouTube banned only on videos with minors. So they deleted all comments on videos

with my videos where they say youth, but you know, I'm saying if you put a YouTube video on, you have a bunch of people that say a bunch of racist things in your YouTube comments, you could be held responsible and get a fuck, no, no,

you do clarify that. They clarify that what recently they said that afterwards.

But the first initial statement was that you're gonna be responsible for your comments. And then I said, it's only my bowl like Philip DeFranco. And a lot of people freaked out and then they qualify them. But so

the reason I bring that up is just because there's going to be things that even if you segment your advertisers from look, you know, I pointed out I think the the Democrats are in a really dangerous position because outrage culture, although it exists in all factions, is predominantly on one faction. And so when Trump comes out and says something really offensive, you know, grab them by the, you know, I'm talking about the Trump supporters laugh, they bought T shirts that said it, the people on the left the Democrat types, they got angry. So what happens now you see Bernie Sanders who's being dragged, the media is looking for blood, and they're desperate, they're laying people off, they're dying, and they will do whatever it takes to get those clicks. There wasn't like, you know, is it have to do with Twitter, though, it has to do with the fact that someone's going to find something on your platform, and they're gonna call up your advertiser and say, Look what Twitter's doing and you're gonna be like, we have no idea and too bad and canceled all ads, your money's dried up. And so that the reason I bring that up as I recognize, Twitter, YouTube, Facebook, as other platforms are worried money has to come from somewhere to pay people. So you also have to realize you've got the press that salivating looking for that juicy story where they can accuse you of wrongdoing because it'll get them clicks, they'll make money. And that means, even though YouTube did nothing wrong with these comments, it was just a creepy group of people who didn't break the rules, who figured out how to manipulate the system YouTube ate, like, you had to take the take that one the advertisers pulled out YouTube lost money. So you did then panics, sledgehammers comments, just wipes them out. That could have been anybody, right? We're in a really dangerous time with

also in their defense, so they have to deal with that. I mean, they have a bunch of pedophiles that are posting comments now. I mean, what do you do about that? What do you what other than hire millions of people to moderate every single video that's put on YouTube, which is almost impossible.

The point I'm trying to break bring up is that even if Twitter wanted to say you know what, we're going to have free speech what happens advertisers rock later, even if you segment it, they're gonna be threatened by it. And so the restrictions are going to come from whether or not you can make money doing it.

I don't know about that. I don't know. I think that that is changing and I think that is changing primarily only because of the internet, if you look at what was acceptable in terms of people discussing, that would get advertisement, it was network television standards. Now that's changing. I mean, there's there's going to be there's ads on a lot of videos that I put out that have pretty extreme content. It's because advertisers are changing their perspective. I don't think so. They're shifting their 100% shifting. That's why this, this podcast has ads. Sure,

sure. I mean, I don't think it's to the point where everyone's lost all ads. But look, you think George Carlin would be allowed to do his bit today? Yes.

No way. No, come on, man. Right, you would be able to do it. Listen, there's stuff like that on Netflix specials that are out right now. Things are changing. It's just in the process of this transformation, where people are understanding that because of the internet. First, if you look at late night conversations, how about Cole bear saying that President Trump has Putin stick in his mouth? How about him saying that on television? Do you really think that would have been done 10 years ago? It wouldn't have been well, 15 years ago, 20 Impossible. Not possible. But you standards are changing because of the internet. So things that were impossible to say on network television just 10 years ago, you can say that Kevin? Kevin

Hart lost his Oscar hosting gig 10 years ago, right.

But do you know why he lost he lost it because people were complaining, right? Because people who were activists were complaining that he had said some homophobic things and they had subsequently apologized for before they ever listened that count count. Dank EULA is a comedian. Okay, look, you were to discuss this, I'm with you. And I understand what you're saying. But I'm a comedian, and I understand where things are going. The demise of free speech is greatly exaggerated. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying there's a lot of people out there that are complaining. But the problem is not necessarily that there's so many people that are complaining, the problem is that people are reacting to those complaints, right? The vast majority of the population is recognizing that there is an evolution of free speech that's occurring in our culture and in all cultures around the world. But this is a slow process. And when you're in the middle of it, it's so almost like evolution, while you're in the middle of it, you don't think anything is happening, but it's fucking happening. So

I agree with you. I agree with you that the majority of people are like, that's funny, I don't care. But the minority is kind of dictating things right now, for now.

They're not even dictating things. They're just making a lot of that noise is having an effect. That's what data in society was an attempt at. Right? I don't think it was effective. That's why we're still here. We're talking right now. It was one attack. But I mean, many of them and there's hundreds of articles that are written about all sorts of things that are inaccurate. And

some people have been eating bank accounts, and some people have been kicked out. Yes.

This is why it's important to have this conversation right conversations like that. Well.

So here's what I'll say. I just I cross my fingers and I wait for when you implement blockchain technology, bro. Well, the van is going to be a mobile production studio, so I can travel around when things are getting great. A lot of water. Not well. I'm putting a bandaid, I'm putting a shower in it. Okay. It's gonna be like a computer and monitors, and I'm gonna be able to do video so I can travel around when everything's happening. But But I just made this up. I want to see the blockchain version of Twitter where it's exists. That's what I want to see it's gonna happen

whether we like it or not vigia. Any last thoughts?

No, I just want to thank you. Joseph has been great. And Tim, thanks for your feedback. You were always listening. And I've learned a lot today.

Thank you. I really appreciate you guys. Thank you, Jack. Thank you. Any last things? No,

I think we've said it all.

That's a wrap folks. No more ear beatings. Good night, everybody.

That was awesome. Thank you. Thank you.

Thanks for Chuck for talking. I really do appreciate it. Hey,

could you I follow up on a couple of things because they worry me. The you mentioned an Antifa account that docs policeman Can you please just send that over me

bit.li/antifa tweet BIT

dot L y slash Antifa tweet and then would you DM me I'll follow you would you DM me the the accounts that you said had threatened you know

I believe in minimizing harm and if I so when Patreon

well how about this I won't take action on it but I want to understand why you didn't take action on them and I can't learn from that unless you so

when Lauren southern got banned from Patreon a lot of people were there was

everybody out. This is streaming and it's frozen.

