Hey everybody March. Thirty want to be at the coffee at at the MGM with young Hoon. Huge clue should be a great time, then

April twentieth, I am

the Arlene Schnitzel Concert Hall, which is in what the fuck is, that.

Portland Oregon Jesus Christ. We had a crazy shall folks will tell you about.

Crazy shell.

And tonight I'm advice.

House in Pasadena. If you get this, it means probably by the time you get this you might have to like run right over there, but I'm at the ice house tonight with Bill Burr.

Bert Crusher and Ian Edwards. Oh shit, what a goddamn line up sold out, though so,

fact, that's it. I got a bunch of stuff coming up. I'll did Buffalo tickets are gonna, go on sale now on the eighth, so seven days from today, not today, but the eighth

ok, all right

 

Eighty. This episode podcast is brought to buy Jack threats, Ojo Rogan, DOT, net Ford, slashed tour. That's how you the dates: Jack, threads Jack straw, that jack threads. Why Jamie? Let us look lovely Bonanno January. Their pants shit jet with this with Jack threads

They have all their cool clothes, they have a big name, clothing brands and they have jack threads in hell.

Line and you get to try them? On

and you make sure that you're a hundred percent in love of the items you ordered before spending any money at all, crazy,

of seven days to decide. If your

New items are working for you. You try him on.

Second opinion. What do you think and then

You decide whether or not you want to keep it or pay for it. It's not a fit. You don't to worry Jack gives you everything. You need ship things back, including packing tape and

 

a pre paid shipping label all completely free canker wrong. How do without Jimmy? You doubt right, you can't you can't go to

afterwards dot com enter the code. Word Rogan. When you saw me

you try out, for twenty percent of anything, you keep hats, Jack threads dot com code, Rogan to save twenty percent on anything, you keep

never by before you try again. The lot of companies have some really goofy tag lines you supposed to read, but that's a good one. Never by before you try again is to the point: it's exactly what they offer.

 

I approve, I also approve of nature box. Nature backs, has some goddamn yummy snacks folks hour. I have told you about these before never hurt me talk about Shariah cash use, their naughty, treat their so good. Hell opinion caches too, who also good

guilt. Free, don't worry about in cash use, they have all sorts, delicious snacks lots of different options

including no sugar, low sugar gluten, free and nature by

sends you these things in a box right to your door.

Whose snacks want the over a hundred snacks to choose from and are constantly adding,

delicious new snacks. You know what I like to do Jamie. I don't know if I told you this, I take big apple bit, get big

big island pineapple from pineapple from Hawaii. Why?

ride and then I'd take cash. I put it in

 

the pineapple like a little Fucking Shariah cash. You taco

thus the sour bitter, like cotton, mixed

with the swedish pineapple and right now,

you can save even more because Nature Box is offering the fans of this show fifty percent of your own site. You wanna, be a fan like you might hate me and behave listening ever hate listing it still save money, go to nature box, dot, com, Ford, Slash Rogan for fifty percent off your first order. That's nature box, dot com,

forward slash. Rogan were also brought to each and every episode by on dot com on it as it,

total human, optimization company and war

trying to do is put together a war

one stop shop for shit. That gets your life in gear.

Whether it saw strengthen conditioning equipment, people listens, pie

 

cast know that I'm a big fan of kettlebells, I'm a big fan of things that promote what I called functional: strength,

what things I'm been doing lately folks and credible

as for shoulders that I heard about on a podcast, I do not remember

which podcast I will give you give credit when I do I'll come back to it, but it was bottoms up. Kettlebells presses,

so you take their cattle balanced and oppressing it worthy on the heavy part of the cattle

well, is below you arrest in your holding onto the handle? Instead of that, you flip it so that your balancing it and it's an

printable stabilizing exercise for your shoulder. Oh my god. It's amazing!

of it. My talk too much go to the honor to catch

the audit academies, an awesome link on the website

sue to a section, the site, that's filled with hundreds of articles,

on exercise on

nutrition, nutritional absorption of differently foods and different

 

vitamins supplements motivational videos. All sorts of poor articles on different kind

of working out the benefits of them and foods and shit like that.

And I also a physical on an academy, an amazing Jim in Austin Texas, which, with all of our

export state of the art equipment and tenth planet jujitsu.

It's a really fantastic place to work out a has an awesome vibe to assist, get a real, healthy fun like active,

young vibe to it in a lot older folks there to it just a bad ass Jim

Our com used the code word Rogan and you'll save ten percent,

of any and all supplements this episode,

episode, nine one one and I worked very

hard to make sure that episode, nine one one aligned perfectly with the arrival of Alex Jones and, of course, if our Jones Gonna be on a podcast there's no way. I could not have

 

one of my favorite people on the planet, earth more. My best friends and a fucking bitch

a fine conspiracy, not Eddie. Bravo with our Jones.

Starts off fairly, saying I'll. Let you figured out a way out.

Good God. Damn time, though, and I hope you get a different feeling of outs Jones from his pocket- so that's

ladies and gentlemen, without any further do eighty Bravo and Alex Jones Logan Exe

Ryan's block the stars have aligned. The prophecy has come true Alex Jones.

Eddie! Bravo together on episode, nine one wonders episode. Nine one wanted to black. No I'm not! I had a fucking work hard. All week did grind out podcast,

to make sure that I hit episode nine eleven we booked it. I knew I go. Ok,

 

there's a certain number of park, as I have to do to get this. The nine eleven today,

and I worked it out and we did it. Let me just say: I'm very envious. Cuz, I'm a

to the under bright lights, and I've talked about going back to when I was just on radio that darkness. We can really think this is a wonderful studio.

I'm gonna do a studio, my next one with a fire pit, I'm gonna have,

Mercedes and outside I've talked

but it's like primitive it triggers in its comforting feels good and it's kind of cool lighting,

So that's in the next studio we build them and build a fire. Put me, get some law,

some actual real fire, you can only

do that like certain times a year and allay, though like when they went.

Fire season. They would let you do that shit

we will use have like a little balcony, you're like a little outside courtyard, what you're far pittance.

Gotta given, I want a real fire pit and you know like I feel like it,

I have a fire eatable sharing bachelor, yet each have actual law should maleficent alive part of the year, and I will too and then we'll just have to be more involved in the jungle and create a whole, renders

 

here's what we're Talkin, dialed rubbish, Latvia, helicopter, secretly Bessie and take happily where I think that

you're could fix a lot, we can fix a lot with that. I'm sure

You, like a decorated, corresponded for the news now fucks going on. What do you mean

you mean you earlier, oh you're, out, like all official Whitehouse Guy, now right, Don T like you're, actually

the news guy

hundred sent legit will verify the setting of strangers bureau and stop, but that's just part of it, but like you're nude in deep with the Trump administration, while I've

tromp on and I talked to him some, but I mean really he's your buddy really. Really it's just that we're covering the resurgence of America. What made the country great, lower taxes, empowering the people bring people together

the opposite of what image said. What's happening is made

media is literally almost dead, its collapse.

I mean look at you. I remember

dinner with you like six seven years ago. Your idea, we got a million dollars a week now

 

ninety million or whatever it is our minds, and twenty million on Youtube and for info

it's somewhere numbers. It's good

its forty million. We without any is eighty five million people. Listen on radio Attune individuals in one way

that was election weak, but an almost forty million. It's just cause.

How can they compete with that? There still delusional there

We see in and shows a million viewers Fox thinks it's the big swinging deck. It's got three,

million- it's all, I'm sorry, p

translating and broadcasting to geriatric comes in

She foxes, CNN and nursing homes. You don't you see that within ten years old, ten years at the college and beyond your of experience and its volume,

and it's always other folks. It's amazing yards.

We're time as an end. It seems like those shows where you have to tuna from eight to nine and you'll have to sit through the commercials, that's kind of

gone away because of dvr has now people just have to wait a few minutes. He could dvr through all the commercials, or you record things after that.

Out of every you like fifteen years ago, saying the inner killed television

 

announced that you have you watched, gonna, kill it, because how can they compete with what you can

on the internet. You know a guy get screwed by a horse or whatever it is that you can be with all these crazy does China they got Jack by the tiger today. I did say that unless we re actually use yes, we're gonna, be, let me not pay admission, it just go through here. Will they even shot at the tiger, so the scattered the tigers? They shouted the tigers to get em off this dude and then, even after the

Oh, it's was shot off. This tigers, like not fuck, datum, go back

and any ran after they shot item and finally killed a dude, and it was all everybody's got their phone up.

Or a film in areas as the greatest augurs pelenore known jumped in he jumped anywhere to get killed.

Really for mass yeah you what now this? That was another guy who went in with the line tredick averting the Christianity, Turkey, the dagger

whenever the Bible he's trying to convert.

I'm lying, just fight him

 

I was crazy about that, though, is trying to convert a. Maybe he was just like praying. The motherfuking line will need now he went in on his own. He was talking to them in the name of Jesus is like talking to it. You never seen it Jamie, pull it up.

You haven't only problems getting serious. He got

in their unease is talking to the lines this mother Fucker just jump the fence and decided he was gonna

Vert lines of Christianity and lions,

apparently like way cooler than tiger what is going on here, that the tigers see people and they just fucked him up and meet the line like barely fuck, that guy up just

That's because they're they're more tribal.

Or more like dogs pack, animal there's only cat to Japan,

or a group, so they're not yet as agro

exactly a tiger seizure, Euro matured, where I'm going to kill you tigers are totally different. Beast like Tiger sometime

like adopt an orderly animal like

 

a dog or something might be looking on it being nice to like all elements aimed at the other word stuff lines. They remember the only way

see this before with those animal

attack videos, remember those animals. We started the same. Why there was a start off with the dog tag. A dog

making a male man and iguanas out attacked you'd leg, and then its

We ends up with drunk Mexicans

our rodeo on a wild, blue with a rope

Those boys are smart is how they drag on these drunk Mexicans and they drag their heads along the rails and just rush these deeds in between the railing, like some serious,

brain trauma, yeah vicious brain drawn. They need one worth it with just a hundred per cent of that

because I was the most exciting shit now Jones, how the fuck is tv

 

compete with that. You don't want to complete our kind of wrong. Noakes Netflix is TV and its also the internet. It's like both things

you're in its the power of Hollywood debates, disperse though he had well, they mean look it's better if it gets

ability to get your work out, gets to more people, it's better, it's better. If anybody

do you like the other work irritation in these new Youtube stars are going to have to do, is get

you stand in front of a camera. Zero production value, their know how I mean to do that if you get a camera, you gotta connection eleven you to show people find your interesting all of a sudden,

got millions and millions of subscribe banning any was bringing up

fact for your audience up front,

of Emma and says on this big rightwing guy, but you guys know

I was really against George W Bush, where you were arrested early on in the Bush administration. I remember one when we first became friends in

Eighteen, ninety nine. We were

running around the White House. Are the the state Capitol long extras with wooden with George Bush?

 

you're in senior masks on, and you were always again sure the Bush. That's why I supported trot is the entire power structure, the media in the Vatican

the communist parties are shot, Arabians all put money in and said: stop him stop him and the lives of the Russians were giving money was no proof

the issue, is he simply trying to actually be president and not have special

interested in their running him and that's why the whole power structure is against from so any was ass. Overrun went, live well House,

you're this outside yeah against establishment, but now you're for it, no trumps, trying to create a beach head, just to explain it, to try to take the country back and actually devolve power back to the states about the people doesn't mean he's per

but notice the stock market went up a trillion tuna billion dollars. You just know last

month or so, because a lot of institutional investors and I was understand with trot you trying to create real

prosperity, not about yourself

Jerry and to pitch drop to people.

The issue is that there were major intelligence agencies and and and patriots in the government who are sick of it.

Having a more sick of of

 

of Hilary and Obama backing jihadist groups of eggs.

Their role in those groups shop right now they really

standing up against them and this is

historic moment and end so there's been a counter coup through the electoral process,

in our country and that's what Wikileaks was that wasn't the russian

That was U S. Intelligence agencies. I said two months ago,

but actually winner in New York, Mabateans husband, the former congressman,

that was workin for Hilary. I said that he's under investigation for child. Ok.

Now. It came out yesterday that there looking at adopting patrol born, I had that from it.

Why do I came yesterday? Yes, while why would it what did he do? He had something

computer well now that they will tell us, but I was told that tied into that whole pizza gate thing

once again: the media misrepresented what we said and did it came out and all those wikileaks,

These weird coach, ok, like day there was a bunch of weird code,

 

about pizza and about a piece of peat. President Obama watched sixty five thousand dollars and hot dogs delivered,

they're like are these really got hot dogs items? One is good last our leaders, succulent dogs and cats

about kids. Aren't you have to be what isn't had about its male prostitutes and me that's what the code mates really yeah? Ok, yes, how

male process it to keep two fuckin Marcia workers of bad things happen. Every doubt federal child porn

It is possible for Anthony Wiener, but I'm on record months ago, I'm on record months ago saying that that's that

because I had those sources and sell the government good element,

the government, no, what

go, and I saw the media, the metal misrepresented and said: oh look at fortune their time, I think I'll pizza gates

pizza place in DC and the media looks at it says: oh Alex Jobs is claiming model

as those having was pizza place. I'm like what is this, so they divert some probably innocent pizza place

 

extract of all the emails that New York police have and the FBI have that just this monstrous reported pedophile network, so that its credit that they will create a fake story hope

We jump on it too then divert over that story and then once we're on that it devotes everybody offer manfully winner words.

Which they report, which leaves reportedly polar larger network, so their plane,

far ahead to their their literally attacking a pizza place with fake stories just so that people can focus on that and take attention of Anthony Wiener. Yes, because I was connected to that story between acted too pedestrian stuff in disaster in New York and all the other. Crazy steps are less anglers because we're making a lot of like long sentences hearing a lot along statements chairs little it. But let's, let's fair alot of people that we go with a fuck is pizza gate.

There was this Ben Swan Guy. Who did this recent piece about it in a lot of people got very angry. Did you see the peace? Yes he's a piece it, he did

It seemed to me to be pretty measured and he was making some

 

actions. To between that look, let's that symbol for child pedophilia, yes and or just pedophilia, rent and dumb the logos, the logo for the pizza place. He also

made? Did he make the Hasta connection with Podesta while it has stirred

firm, chow, molester and and and best bodies were pedestrian in former speaker of the house, and then you expand on the night, but let's puts too Stuart step at a time is really kind of important stuff. So that's all

send true right. So it's true that has

it's in jail is true. That has to do is

known pedophile, that a judge called cereal pedophile right. Yes, true, his honor percent, its true the pedestrians friends with faster. That's a hundred percent right, yes and then all the other stuff

now becomes odd. Doesn't it become odd in? But if you say it's odd, if you look at it, this bends, one guy with it's, what I thought was he was just kind of expressing what is weird about this case and

when he did it, he got so much shit over our kind of shocked. Us caution,

 

people calling him a moron in Berlin, and I got the same thing, but but that's what I'm saying they build a strong man, but imagine tat

of emails come out with them? Talking about we'll? Have the kids ready

six, seven and eight in the hot tub at this time, and

see anything like that. Gets you it's really where where did say that it will lose emails, there's reckon thousands of, but it said, get

kids in the hot tub. Yes, I never saw that Greek

You see if you can find a dream that seems like US

holding so bazaars, we're gonna have the kids delivered for entertainment, they'll be in the hot tub. Now these are great kids, but kids can be kids. We know it's fucked up about. It is how few

people really mention that connection to hast her. I was thought that would be a huge huge costs,

no joke. I love the fact that admiration, your true that, with your very astute, I just bring up this whole big topic of how they twist things. You go right to the key points. That ok

data being Barney, Frank who got caught, run

 

a under age. Male prostitute rang

in the nineties. Out of his three story

Town House he had thought it was just a male prostitutes somewhere. I re summertime. Urge

but listen was. I was with them all up. The aged nineteen plus

and whatever german, but then what happened is he goes on

the ban on the house floor and says, if you

teddy investigators. I'm almond expose, have you that are involved in this. In this room and investing

she got shut down the reason this is important as

shadow government. You need something so bad that everybody

involved in it. Ever ever comes out will be destroyed so that binds them all

secrecy, so that's where child

we're not goofy comes in, that's where pedophilia comes and that's where you get so many of the elite being into it. But just as you shit, you have the republican establishment trying to get hammered out of nowhere.

Rustling coach to Rhine for office, then reportedly he's the

your clear just like Penn State and just

they have sent a dusky Sandusky

 

the under age. You know here they were quote mentoring, getting farmed out to supposedly big down

what's. This is where we were talking about two very specific cases where two very different cases, but it's crazy, is they're both real, both real one hundred

and send dusky who was a very respected man. The community did alive

The charity work with young disenfranchised children and was much

asking them at the same time. And what

super respected in the community and he was the right hand, man to Joe Pedophilia, so that there

right. Now there s a Franklin cover a match, then that's that's up in other. What does it see? Jamie says we plan to hear

in other words, a sea Jamie, since we plan to heat the pool, also possibly body

will be over service to transport, Ruby, Emerson and Maeve Luzzatto, eleven nine and almost seven so you'll have some

further entertainment and they will be in there.

Poor for sure. Why enough fuck? That's only

 

and I'm gonna have a real confirmed, email Jesus

selection. Here's the problem, so I have

Why PD telling me before they elect

like a month before? Yes, we're investigating winner child porn photos. Gilaks employees do not just have not just have kids out on the internet that but kids he's communicate.

Where's and their parents are basing letting them communicate with him. I'm told this by Nypd detectors,

I mean the secret service gave me. Information about glory was collapsing overtime member. We reported that and got caught on tape

So we shall all this stuff goes on and on

and on

So I'm not saying half the people or or not

percent of em. You know

Where are guilty or innocent Malta's all I know is we start

covering it start asking questions. They then

divert off.

To somebody on a forum pointing out there

some email about a meeting at some pizza place.

In DC, we're top democratic, go. They then turn all

 

and I'm blaming some pizza place. I'm sending shooters and issued people at a pizza place make up all

it's crazy, ass crap! Whenever

would set any of that. And then you go back to me two months ago, three months ago I said the police have told me there investigating winner for pedophilia,

all born when it was

what is now known as examiners in the got this robot lace Sloan before we get it?

I got go back to that. There is a quote up there, that that Jamie pull that I wanted to read the one of the lower bottom about this. Now this

the emails? May you were talking about, and these are a hundred percent confirmed emails, go back that one that

on the bottom,

girl, doubting and unobserved. Many of these people are guilty get. What is that it highlights the rebate hold on a second here, so sick

grown ups with two toddlers into infant spread throughout the house and sure enough one of the top

was rubbing my nose at five, forty five, what the fuck does that mean the FBI?

 

I got back to retrieve the children they throw in the towel and what I don't know man says I gotta know what the fuck, those emails mean: buddy,

Look! Let's just now! Everybody wants immediately shoe this always disgusting, but they have met eleven impossible. Why are we talking about two very specific proven cases? Hasta proven Sandusky proven real huge elite

powerful people that were also active pedophiles right. Yes, so that's a fact:

you know each other and are bodies, and then you ve got protesters brother

whose bag in Washington, in an article into

thousand seven and the large imposed on maternal evenings

headline, which was something like radical art or something and its

now get out of the neighborhood kids in

house and then their showing it. Throwing in your face.

 

It's it's issues crazy, but that's not even if I get into, but there were, but there is something to that because some of his art work with super disturbing that he had in his house like low it turns out. You have all noteth pink butts

there were in their underwear and it looks like they had been paddled Eurostat with their butts, faceless issues very budget more about this than I do see, and that's all I do is cover these real takes only if the Nunez within Israel, the government got pissed off about this, the pet of always about so big that they intelligence agencies.

The legal all this info and they knew

This plan is still the election. She did steal five states according to the experts and Privily. How did she do that would any of its without listening to break into six day? Let's not go on these strong line ran with a bunch of different statements that are to be addressed shirt. So, let's just from right there you gotta get to that. I caught it. She steel, five states can kind of gloss over that.

Though she tried to how did she trying to steal sixteen. She did still five states. Well, beverage is a big liberal, big, democratically HBO documentary out democracy raise a leading experts.

 

She was actually a month for the election. Through whistleblowers got the actual code.

That had been loaded on machines all across the country, chevrons studio to steal the elections

hacking, democracy and I saw that they did engineer those voting machines that you could have a third party input and change it and non live on the show, and that was a decade ago,

Bush. This is new. Ok, just wanna she's, the top election fraud expert.

She comes on my show the stories on events.

Dot com

she says we ve got evidence and then I had they hacking

John and I had the industry whistle blowers on, and I have to tell you

Officials on at every level. We have a fraud proven that democratic connected groups

Eddie loading Code on a machines all over the country, but it's different companies, but about things eighteen percent machines, the country to be able to remotely break in and and

flip votes show because they were aware of that, a bunch of states were waiting and watching and homeland security broke in, live in the six states and kept trying to flip the reserve

 

they even screenshots and videos of them in the computers in their clicking undoing

well there's major investigations going on. You hear the news when trot

crazy. He claims illegals voted to make it about illegals. That was one statement in a larger election fraud. Deal of actual computers show. So trumpet

about all this, so she comes on. It says there planning as front there. She comes

after the election. She says. Yes, it's clear: here's where

things, clothes, here's where all this happened, where a hundred percent want for Hilary or right after it closed all the votes

then came and we're on a per raillery. They didn't even care, but the

and so I was so big for Trump. They couldn't steal it. She success we saw

five stage she tried to break it

six others or her controllers did and got blocked that these

mommy for tromp was so huge with the real

and we can break now later that they still won't I

to steal it, and now patriots inside you S, intelligence agencies,

are preparing to roll up the pedophile networks nationwide. So you see arrests in Pennsylvania,

 

arrest and allay. I haven't seen these arrests who's gonna write just now. Breaking and judge its big

Patricia wiser on seventy four rest: twenty eight sexually exploited children rescue during statewide human traffic operation, the gettin lily, shall take over right, holy shit, look at the numbers, their foreign and seventy four people arrive.

Stupid, but there are only rolling up the wren fields that get the people for the psychic vampires.

Let us now insane is it that this is still happening right, so all the people that thought that this idea, that you know

women, whether they try to make a ridiculous? By calling a pizza gate connecting connected to a pizza place, everybody they thought that was ridiculous. It is not ridiculous that there could put

actually be some sort of pedophile ring and she

They tricks and reducing other Turkish. They go pick. Some pizza plays problem

Their people go on

economists also message board sea and in New York Times washing

the same day, come out and say they all that

 

you're discredited from New York in California in Hawaii, because there's this innocent pizza place over here,

some of the democratic go to and they're all saying, that's where the pedophiles or it ok. So then the internet, all those in looks at that and start

trying to prove this programme assume that all there must be something going on there. So then that turns,

that all into the big quagmire as a smokescreen from all the admitted stuff. That's happening because it yet I was told by

Nypd high level sources that that they ve gotten

stuff on Weir's computer that just got scooped up

during the whole hacking store

in the whole story about Hilary, only unsecured servers and that that was being blocked by Obama.

And that is suited to thank God and they would go back after wiener then

talk about former section chief from a CIA that indeed this was not

creation of a running against and restart leaking all this and so on.

 

You're beginning to see is the beginning of all the pet of failure coming out as they roll up the procures that grandeur, kids out back yards or the go out as social workers and get the kids or whatever their rolling, all those up right now to get the rent fields. Redfield brings the people to Dracula. Could at Seattle

commissioner. I know you are so they're going to now role it up into the higher level groups right now,

here's what's going on with a lot of stuff. If we are to have any real, careful and hey describe these things and high talk about these things, because people look

for any little tiny thing to discredit it and one of the reasons why they look and doing for personal reasons, because

It seems you you'd. No one wants to be ridiculous. No one wants to be a fool

No one wants to be someone who's talking about conspiracies that aren't real, so people are very hesitant to talk about something, that's unproven, but hers-

July us just like cry. Fifteen years ago it was a conspiracy theory that that the Catholic Church

they pedophilia. Why are we not thirty thirty percent we're doing it? We now know the old

 

hope had to step down was blackmailed within four

but other high level praised by the new gather, came in

Ministers. Heavy stuff is another of the catholic church. Stuff is absolutely horrible and proven over and over again

and again when I was a kid. It was rumour who was just

were whispered and we hear about it and now it's

wondered how they're getting away with it did so on the open. How come there is more. There are shy, kick vampire stealing the energy from a kids. What the most common

thing they do like I get our own in jail, most common thing they do. Is they find very troubled? Kids that don't talk about people with foster care,

kids with no parents, kids,

from really troubled background relief. But you it's all of you who are abusing Sandusky, ran a abused, children's geometer and growth and then would take the kids out

Sometimes overnight it rich people's houses to make him feel better, yeah yeah, that's it

 

to believe that these that the assistant coach and then all these powerful people, but when he finally got caught he was raping.

Old you, the showers at noon.

On a Saturday at the field, house

and someone who work there found it watch did happen. It walked in on literally in that's what

Would it all fell apart? Engine always emphasise guys, get more more arrogant. It's all I'm telling you it's, I'm not saying anybody's guilty of these thousands of emails. You go Rita,

It's like the last war

saw she brought wasn't very good, oh well, these are good

call you're gonna to I love walnuts, and then you go region

Fbi break down what that's code, for which called for a moment. The digits means people, brown, skin, Jews, cursed, poor,

Well, you don't. Gunderson was talking about this for years at the edge

former rediscovered about shouted in LOS Angeles. He wanted. He was there,

the la sector. So people are gonna hear this. They gather all bunch of pizza, gate truths. Skies are bunch repeatedly truths. There's theirs in

 

Inclination to automatically dismiss thing. Let me be clear. Let me be clear. I am on the ear covering fifty topics.

Where are? These emails are coming out? I get

charges of one of my sources by people in the

my pity, I get Shit Doc,

let's follows their licence law enforcement. I talk to these people

Then I say: yeah, oh, it's horrible, it's much pedophilia! Yet

It's about child porn. It's all gonna come out its tied all these different

and I'm just like. Ok

I go on air and I say: listen. I got this from Real Nypd Y and other sources and then Eric Prince of black water.

We still remain the biggest ribs and world does he run some sort of military operation in the

by arrange our Saudi Arabia. Absolutely. The point is that here

This is the way

we can argue about it. He knows all about it, but the point is that all this happens and he comes out the news.

Ok through the lighthouse organ bright barred

 

rising from trumps mouth and says. Yes, we have confirmed hollow

pedophilia range in the Clinton operation

we're gonna, bring him down, and so that's what,

all this is: why did bright bar tweet about that in two thousand eleven December, that tweet Bright Martineau about came out right, Bart set out to bring out the biggest dancing to bring down the Democrats and they pay.

And they were either in California, initially poisoned absolutely the gilded. Where did what happened? I didn't you know daddy death, but he died of a heart attack. You are you laughing fake laughing, pull up the ladder you just now. I know you're a media, pull it out my job, I won't buddy. You know I love you anyway. The bright bar email or the bright Bart tweak its created internal Joan is all about us. Whether tweet is pretty insane when you read it. You'll like way what the fuck is going on, like every part of its Theirs

 

instantaneous reaction that people have made a great effort at our set of instruments right, you're right, you Johnny people are doing this to kids. You don't want you to get the fuck out of here. That's nonsense gather, but when you tell people about the stuff, that's been proven, the ones that have their own account that old clock that all attach, though I was on air, saying I'm told

by him why PD, unlike Threed Everett, shows and others gonna come out at wiener, sending child porn

in the nose. What they're saying whether accusing wiener of apparently ascending sexually explicit tat,

to an under age girl? That's! What's against the law, it's so the college!

porn, but is essentially, he was sending pornographic text

with fifteen years now, while I was told it's a lot more than that, what are you doing? Does just what it really is a minimizing it, because a higher up Serbian told you to let us out. Let me tell you: Wiener supposedly had tens of thousands of emails. Wiener should be fuckin comedian for sure he's a freak.

He's got real problems is good communicator, Betty's hilarious come on

 

We think all I know is, I do not see even weders pedophile. All I know is, all I know is listen. We all know that Jerry Epstein, ok,

and now I don't know about your lolita expert ashes, Google, that and what is that built? Let me live on Twitter,

flights first said: oh, that's right are generally not an issue that has a simple in it and then he was also

this this middle eastern country with a shriek? That's emitted, pedophile, with with multi million

checks and milk went on applying and we'll Clinton's unknown social, predator? Ok, so all this stuff's going on and

show me short, bring lawsuits against Donald Trump with Jane Doze, claiming he'd been with Epstein.

No proven the logs. I make you log on private jets, none but was ever drew.

Here is how Prague, Prague pray

Progressive guru, John Predestine is in household name as world class under age. Sex slave up cover upper defending unspeakable,

 

drags escapes me early on did John Podesta. Imagine his baby M M F Anna, without, as would be covering up for

under age, sex, ops in age and hate crimes against blacks, ha them means what is M M F. Faye young Jamie media matters.

Isn't that Soros Yadda, Sorrels Soros, but also guess who owns the pizza place? Who promise when, on its media matters Head Guy David Rocks,

why for him, and that is where they have major democratic party, fun, razors, and then they had. They had wrought man's there, that

that gave alive spoken, word dissertations of the love of children. What you're talkin about guys like Garth, drag, come on, how much they love children. Have you seen this year? I don't worry

 

PETE, but they really put up one. Does a video of them saying that it is in commerce commenting on so in what way is

in this? It really is a very, very bizarre subject, but why,

side. So what is this

you bring it up. Jerry Gimme, some via or which she is here. He likes

So what have we reached?

this

he does super

 

with that, I'm not lying comic ping pong anybody listening was described for that person. Look like that. You were wearing a wig, a blonde wig and it was a guy like you are addressing transvestite or a woman whose just smoked every cigarette.

It's one of the two, but this is a fact that was going on in their place.

Really odd, but that sound like someone add living we all have preferences, are trying to be funny

it's almost like nobody's looking eyes in the in the

Russia in its little more than its all, our work derive their lotta creepy artwork, and I wanted to that guy Lotta creepy our work, I mean dead. That's a fact. There's a lot of fat

So it's one of those things I would like, but I'm not saying they read anything and you're, not saying that I'm not either that's what's really important,

I never even really covered this stuff, and then they had me on the news and also Swan going. They said these

people were killing kids in a basement. They say: ok, maybe

Kelly went on and took a club where I was talking about.

 

Irish funding jihadis and Obama, the arab spring that killed tens of thousands of people

thousand people, thousands of children. Now Al Qaeda was putting kids, which is ISIS intersects sex slavery they

added to that at and then cut together on Fox NEWS

me sharing and Hillary Clinton oration kills children in a basement ping pong p

They literally now added audio, but I was able to change your audience. I was able to find the day with video with what I really said and throw it back in their face. Bob wow, that's really blatant

That's it where's is, can we washes where, whereas as they did, Sir Isaac Newton S hand the company comparison yeah, it's like Megan Kelly caught a giant lie fallow shown try to find that we should put. We should play that, but I don't mean to me to get our main Kelly, so pretty she soon. Folks, once I wish it was like old

any a lover. Damp desolate

an old training here, hilarious learning, not like all trainees, we're think she's hot you don't like it. You don't think

 

Kelly's? Not why insulted issues are globalists

slow, bothers me, she's pretty do no jail, she's real ugly. She do you think that sheet what she's moved over to envy say you think she's gonna change to now and go for the literally see wants to be the quote. New Fox news shall they'll be than they're gonna Glenn back. I was concerned

but I hate conservatism libertarians for everyone, and I can t cultural, so she's gonna go whether it be the conservative light and try to get some writings. So it's

like NBC, realises that's where the money, as we say we want to see a fake news, is made from making Kelly on Fox NEWS. Defiant m o careless player. He would go give some volume how this whole pizza, gay,

conspiracy, gun measure. We have many controversies do these days. It began with a tweet on October, thirtieth days after the FBI announced they be reopening and investigation into Hillary Clinton. Z, males someone on

twitter, whose name remains unverified, but has several thousand followers posted that new emails found?

 

non Anthony winners. Computer confirm that Hillary Clinton was involved in a pet of failure. Ring

The twitter opposed included information from a facebook user, who stated quote my Nypd source said it's,

much more vile and serious than classified material on wieners device. We're talking in India,

National child, enslavement and sex and off from next day places nobody sex now that this is probably them caught trying to debunk us

They do. Is they misrepresent we're saying shortly

whoever these rob people were, or- or I don't know they are saying. Oh look, Nypd says it's wiener and all this she how they were saying none of that happening now

actually started to come out. I don't know how far how deep it goes, but this

when Kelly, let's let a player and respond to it out. I was managed not ceremony, lethargic. Ok, do you know what I mean is it is the right one book user who stated quote my N Y p d source

said? It's much more vile and serious than classified material on winners device. We're talking in internet.

 

No child enslavement and sex ring the next day. The bogus claim was picked up by a webs.

I called your news: wired, dot com message boards like fortune and read it right, wing blogs and several pro trump websites.

In four wars Alex Jones how far right web host posted it.

Youtube video seen almost five hundred thousand times contractors personally job right have zero fewer standing up against the rumour spread, inspiring some new found internet sleuths to start digging around in John predestined hacked email, searching for proof and location of the so called sex ring. What they found were numerous references to pizza. Now, here's without Jones actually said resistance to pillory

 

Can I think about

Hillary Clinton has personally murdered chopped up

right? I have zero fears standing up against european right. Hillary Clinton has personally martyred children, cannot back the trees anymore

religion is one serial killers, the planet's everything's gonna others a twist to that, not all about the devil.

Story with her chief of staff or campaign chairman

the menu of blood and seamen and body parts.

Mr Crowley of the private event.

No I'm sorry about that. I mean two hundred thousand plus dead Christians.

Or operation with Syria and IRAN

in Libya and not let the Christians get out and directing Al Qaeda and ICES Butare

 

and minor children and put up their sex slavery and throw catholic priest off cliffs and kill people en masse and murder gauge and everything else you can imagine because they don't like peaceful people and they caught him.

I therefore open society. They live

everybody anything they do is for degradation and could have been killed in society. A restaurant,

Oh good reason: people like Alex Jones and a conspiracy theory that even the Deasey police say has no basis. In fact, yes back of wise and

 

It's dangerous! What had taught her sorrow, sombre boyfriend to drive across foresight lines within this all rifle and enter a family friendly restaurant at three o clock in the afternoon on a Sunday I now read, it has banned this topic on its website having slowly but surely those who help fan it are trained dial it back out of the safety concerns for the safety of lemon endangered. By really biscuit happened to anyone. It's not just us anything,

no person. I know you said our producers, it's also surreal. Until the gun comes in wild and then some your being here so they went, they got you do they got the full club. They cut the front

knowing I was actually saying- I don't know about the Satanism before the term pizza gate was out there, but I do now

she's fond of the radicals. I came, I saw they die. You do ripen, kill and got up kid. So she personally is you were me,

 

in a very provocative statements, and he made a very provocative statements by saying something kind of crazy at first desk

and backing it up, and so

They decided to do just added a chunk of that, and so they don't really have to edit and chop it out, but they did.

Take it is. I Zionists limbs were his hand at a contact and said that I was completely Riah weren't and I was talking about the Spirit, cooking

Mr Crowley stuff for the lady is written. It's real for her and they go

little kids these parties and they have that's a blood. That's one thing: if you want

don't want to do that, you know issue some art project. This is real and so on

about the many were there in the email saying you have plenty of blood

seamen for you and other delicious thanks the menu and he's like what are the juicy on them,

mega. Well, we're gonna have cheese pizza, we're gonna, have we're gonna, have the not sauce and we're gonna have the pasta and we're gonna have you know

succulent hot dogs. We know you love sucking hot dogs,

Oh god, I wanna go back to the question of why the best hot dogs,

 

it is a got. We dogs and Obama, want sixty five thousand hours or thought I deliver. The party will not be there and then it's in Stratford this

I? U males that got leaked by wikileaks that now people cross reference where the CIA are watching or not. Look at all bombers, your cargo, another hot dog party, while the did the earth

I don't think so. Amr is a party with fifteen days at that is issued. The point is now: they can blackmail him with this

and this type of crime, or that we never got pedophile courage with Obama yeah. Now it's it's men, I mean.

Tat is trying to say the Morocco. Burma is a homosexual, zany, bisexual. How dare you later

who cares? You ve ever seen him with a man. You know this is true

while sitting with men walked out straight, maybe just likes to bring due to have conversations with em. Maybe he just wants it. I heard a tyrant people in the head of the free world. Maybe he had a party with with sixty five thousand.

Job maybe loves our dogs, sick, fuck? It fuck this diet,

 

president? More our will, and now this is essentially a thousand. Not sixty. Five thousand dollars is born, that's more than a thousand times. What Gore may not those with dollar peace to dollar, seven hundred

what website super gourmet five dollars: apiece reach our press,

it needs a hot dog helping hand. One of the turns out. He was like a ten time. Hot dog eating champion is like one of them. That's probably one of that's, probably ok. Let's say

like and actually just really legs hotdogs here Alex Jones like this

for Heaven's sake, for how sixty five thousand dollars five dollars per hard labor, but listen with Ino Yogurt. Those delivers someone's gonna make em go grind it up put in the casing. The whole deal maybe get a Gore may hot he's gotta put those can might have put in to get us some giant party- some I am out of his job party, I don't know, but

browser behind all these are code for male prostitutes. Ok, maybe that's what

I'm saying is anybody who skeptical anyway

 

he was looking, doesn't want. You guys are so fucking crazy. This is so

you're, making such gigantic leap of faith. No leaps!

just look at all. How would the weird codes

in those emails? There is definitely some

and I know what I mean. I mean job after this one. I am effect my crew actually got mounted the os will be restored by the treasure we're about

days and others, and the news heading and picked it up and all my crew is doing. Is all day reading thousands of emails, I mean there's thousands that are just related to food and hot dog and kids and hot tubs and kid deliveries, and

and in all the spirit, cooking and allow Mr Crowley and

be seamen in blood. I told my career, I said it's

probably true knowledge?

I believe a stop obsessing audit and stop reading these emails, because I want to focus on the election and everything

the temporary solution,

I'd start, accusing me of covering up the they Podesta step before its call pizza gay

then I get blamed for being behind,

 

it's ok, I'm only the bitching, I'm explaining what it's like to really be trying to get at the truth and the people take the fact that its complex she but

does that mean jobs you now to put stuff out clear and parts it. I just know all this crap where you get crazy ass, they ran people won't listen to me too much data

what this is like,

It's yours, I'm sick of it. I don't know everything is going well, but out of this I have good CIA people and FBI and secret service. Ok telling me yes, Alex it's worse than you know, keep getting up, it's gonna come out and it started to come out and saying watch when we start arresting the pedophile networks, we're gonna roll up. The Democrats and Republicans are involved. That's why trumps it

the speeches at the inaugural. This is not about parties where

again these people on we're bringing God back in even stronger that wasn't very religious, like Trump has gotten

legit learning about this

We take some prompts lotta devil worshipper and he loves God and he's been briefed on all this and he's a role there. S up to the pedophiles better, get ready, which a clear some up right now, look at the camera until it, but you know Bill Hicks.

 

I take real stuff and I was chosen as research documents as so he knows. All these little points are making

conspiracy apertures? What have I hears? What happens? They think it's a flattering to take real stuff noticed

Research documents as so he knows all these little points are making better than even the dynamic. Remembering Stephanie brings knock. I try to suppress after

how about you handle anymore amount of forty three and I'm sitting here? Looking at all

and then- and these people country illustrate that go hey Joe Joe seventy five times and

Turning on New York, you know it were not just honest Alex whenever it where my fuckin name is shown by the programme is already enshrined in Nigeria. Canada say bill. Hicks

they say no ears and I'll be on

or are we to restaurant and the commitment to go? They say: hey Bill Bill, bill, minerals, your openness expertly.

And, and- and I turned around- you know what you all, because I did a few

 

pieces in one little video with a guy that lives in Austin that you knows how I met you with the you, don't look like Bill Hicks! That's! What's ridiculous about it like what you get like massive plastic,

Jerry changed away your voice sounds like your voice is so different from United on saying. Is that no one ever wants to look real conspiracies does are complex and our donor stamp they want

go with the earth is flat

you others aliens open only to capital dinosaurs, our real or no, I mean less and the point is to get a badge any Eddie as it could have a free open my, but he doesn't promulgated stuff

only resurging, what's been said. So I would just get

now the way I am bill, Hicks, I'm. Actually you are

how a bill like sixty? I think he died at thirty two in nineteen. Ninety four.

So do the math, and I want to get hot in Here- is really

Eddie. You know

my studio, really call D. What you did

 

get crazy, you're a goddamn, illumine inferno melting. You know how it is alot of people that don't know like how you got started, but

I think that that was really bizarre in that thing was that lady was calling you are right wing host of far right wing host.

You ve, never been a right wing guy and it's it's a big misconception like you were always

Thirdly, Anti Bush, you got arrested speaking ass actually before

we're Bush was even allowed. Did you were trying to stop

from being elected back when cool

and was glad when he stole the larger from Gore, who I didn't really like. I still came up

expose. It has now been certified Congress and there they ve document.

I just go with what the facts are, but you ve never end.

One of the things that really open my eyes is a really important video. The did nine eleven road tyranny. We talked about the world today

organization, protests and how

it sent in these people in government uniform

so government issue boots and these anarchists there

dressed in black, and they its

 

that. This is an actual tactic that they'll used to break up peaceful protest, although send in soldiers or

we spent or whatever the hell, they're hiring. No one knows and they sent me,

people and they smash everything up. They started turn into a violent protests, light things on fire and then they all holed up in the building.

They negotiate their release and none of them were arrested and when you showed this clip by clip from these various

news organisations a new focused on the kind of clothing, their wearing the difference in their behaviour versus the behaviour of all the peaceful protests and then

the result of it, which had these

people who were walking to work with a double tee, o sticker that at a line through it.

Police stop them and said you can have that sticker on that book bag? You can

after you bad things. Now you hate, I might not have even been cops me who knows who, while he waited met,

the media always spends it exposed pedophilia, they blame some innocent pizza place. You

 

both the government, random, costly, bad things. Now you have not even been cops me who knows who? Well, you may, admittedly, delta force that make sense gel to force it, I'm not bright, but my blasting delta

they were given the order by Clinton to go out and recruit, and they recruited just about four hundred leftist foundation funded grips funded by big private foundations. They train them for about a month before in Oregon

they flew on their put him in a government. Housing facilities on the news letter is.

Local news, did retreat to a building and negotiate their surrender and they were released. The irish yes, yes,

but when this was, after all, this property damage aims, are you know they went out to start the attack? So

Had it on video, so they could then attacked a hundred thousand peaceful protest. So this was something that

between we dont what we like to think. Just like you, don't like to think too pedophiles a real. You dont like to think that any

in the government, whatever organise some kind of an attack or something

a fake event where a bunch,

 

people that you hire to start

smashing thanks to make a peaceful protests, look bad. We don't want to think that that's possible, but it is Botsey goes on, but it turns out that this is actually a document to be attacked. It yes was the deputy o, in fact, Esquire about two years ago, was a profile on me and that of the guy is dead

a former CIA section chief in MID may involve much stuff himself and I told him I said yeah Delta, for

ram those riots, videos, you're a liar- and I said not

He wouldn't googled it and could later

the Seattle posts, intelligence and stuff and then even went and talk to journalists,

no because he'd been there covering it as a journalist and he didn't

even know so. He says. Let me ask why article ok, I'll show you got me there.

Even though I grown up the sea, I am stuff I do know that was having, but but let's be clear, its criminal elements,

using compartmentalization illustration that do this. They always claim. I hate the government

have a war and all other stuff. No, I have to give credit to the good

 

elements of the CIA and the good elements of the USA. I'm not good friend. That's a very important point, very important point about this point with a friend of mine who are talking

Adam. Does I've had might Baker on the pact ass before and through the

a few conversations at over how it might bakers formally the CIA. I get you I see.

Start getting an understanding of how it works like these drug dealings. That always, we know one leg jets crashing. Will the coke on board their cowboys? Like a few,

Do you want a sad Santos diffuse due to realize they can make a fuck load of money if they sell and there might be a lot of people involved, but it's not the whole CIA. It's not like. They have government memos on it. Well, I do still have a covert option. There running the president says: do this late hour,

it did not the cocaine dealing. I dont folks are involved actually for the points he says

our economies knocked out cars that are given the funding. They go. What you do in the government, as you go, the president said: do this we're we're men of action?

and we're going to do it shall then there's cocoa.

Already make sold the conference. Are you

 

to get other funding will screw that will just jacket, bring an end using private contractors by another ever got what maritime they did and I got very pleasant, you're very zombie Vietnam to but yea was that it was a common tactic. They knew that there was money that was being made from selling illegal drugs. Why would they let that money be made all round them? They're? Not

we D Leslie argument as you don't wanna, let the communist do all the cocaine narrowing, ailing or because then they have more money than you we'll move where the fuck is going on here.

Understand it's just this crazy at your talents, how much heroin production went up since our

prepare for anybody can pull this arguments with frustrating as a lot of the fake

Relax. I see myself as a real liberal, but a lot of the fake levels

oh that's a lot of people. I know you can see

ouch engine opium production in Afghanistan, pre, two thousand and one and then look at the?

later years. It's come out like two thousand fourteen fifteen. It went from three percent.

World supply to seven percent

Thirty percent and

 

ten years of occupation. It went to ninety three percent. Look at another level supply, so look at the heck. Tat went from memory. What was I write? Well, you they were.

It's pretty substantial increase between two thousand and one, which is at an all time low and this chart from ninety for the two thousand, and sixteen so too

thousand ones an all time low and then

Next year it fuckin skyrocket job at Google BBC and I pay just type in,

Afghanistan, ninety plus percent world opium production.

A very small ninety three percent illicit initiatives only also for like opiate pills, or is it just forever than ever it? So it's not like oxy contents and think I'm gonna be all they ordered the trips to the Taliban works well and was allowed to grow up and

they're allowed to sell it to whoever wants to buy more notches. That there's been documented, confirm instances of troops that are being forced to guard poppy feel sure will have a library downright when this

 

come on Fox news with her all de Rivera, absolutely that terrible that came out of your ever. I broke it and give it to eliminate they work. It comes out,

that the trips you're being all right. There goes. Ninety percent of the world's supply of opium, according to the United Nations, has added it. Ninety three last year that live as well.

Years. Always a couple there's like three years old gets two years I'll say it. It's gonna. Ninety three right now to Jesus Christ shut

like I said, ninety three and if that's what it is, but so, but it s so frustrating, as you know all this and then and then people still call you crazy now what Alex? Why do you explain the fake news sites? Why do a lot of people out there? I think info

wars is total fake news. Why do they think

that is a major deep state government programme funded by Soros, Mainly- and I found the most effective way- is anti. Israel, bashing and sewed

on the Wikileaks last year, that U S, intelligence, led, not the Russians

he's in there saying we're gonna overthrow Israel

 

the old Saudi Arabia and we're gonna like up the Annie with Anti Israel rhetoric on I'm, somebody was neutral in Israel, never been there,

had nothing to do with that. Israel has liberal

the servant of some good administration, some bad, but I'm not

Anti Israel, two tiny little place. I know it doesn't things that are bad compatible.

We done it's nothing, so I just don't have some

hard on for Israel to hurt him and

if the policy as everybody else thereby knows that show

show when they killed Israelis going from a regional saints wrong when a white phosphorus bombs

Palestinians ceilings wrong. Show I'm

their covering all that and then they just put out.

But this israeli agent, you know all

long around the CIA militia. Let's not get into these crazy. Iran's about crazy accusations, explained of events news. Why do they think info wars wars has taken? Is I don't know you that a lot of people out there? Smart people really intelligent date them they think they're. There

real news is CNN lunchtime. You got attacked

from below and above you, ve got major funding by

 

sorrows and others is a real live nazi collaborator like true doktor evil and the latest James Bond was based on his Rilke accompany it's even named

where's Cambodia, the bad guy in the movie. Is killings actually Soros yeah and he tried to crash the pound. Bring nothing.

These really bad news. So am I six aging, but

long story short about George Soros, he's

funding this attack on me and any independent media. How do you attacking

media when the public's awake, deep state and government stuff, you say Alex, shows as the government and then they all

ignore real facts. I talk about who I admit so my family work for the government and they said the girl was correctly

control. That is even a real debate, but but above that, what was really question here.

The question with a splash was lighted, amounting correctness explained the solidarity. Let me, let me just explains pretty easy. It did there in direct competition with him. If it's

ox news of CNN and end of its anybody. Distributing news, you're, indirect,

 

competition with someone who was an independent news organization, they operated themselves, they do in online jobs, you showed it perfectly. That's it Alex is in a very unusual position because he's a magnet people to people

drawn him like a lightning rod, says a lot

crazy shit. He goes on. Ramses, very animated is fund a watch and alive

of this shit he says, is correct in we're getting into this right now, like this. This thing about the debate here, which

like I said, was one of the first ones are really open night. There was a long time ago to those, like you, put a video on those two

thousand two or somethin like one was that today

three thousand one hundred

right after nine eleven right after September eleventh and on the web of that, exactly like dvd or somewhat before that. But you just said

so we actually thinking codified this now, because my problem is idle. I say

it's kind of all the map, which is a good thing, also bad thing you just thrown it. You have your question why they call me footnote. We just saw Megan Kelly too.

 

Before the election Shea and a whole. Our long show special lichens fake news. We want a few minutes of it Alex

the king affect nourish pages

hilarious chopping up children inside it

when a pizza place now grant

I was saying it in satire about her in the Middle EAST, so it beg for the particular context, but they clearly did that to deceive their view.

She's branding herself, I'm real

you can trust me little. This poor victim Alex Jones almost got him killed when none of it was true when none of it

your based in reality and what I want I was getting was from the Nypd, ok and the FBI, who are good

people release. Those agents shall there's an exam.

Of the branding, taxing Etienne they'll? Take something

real said, or they ve taken videos where I'm acting stupid.

You know, would like five acts or six eggs underwear are given the illegals or whatever, and they showed with underwear. On my head and say, look this

 

It's crazy! It, however serious topics, so they can taken out of context. But when I being serious, which is ninety percent of time, I tell people but one

comes in and we ve got when a valley show ideas

our idea is talking about. You know: kidnapping people start

laughing earlier. We had fun like you're, a normal person, and that's that's what people find hard to believe when I tell people on friends without you,

You go get the Fogarty Argotiers, very guy, scrape I

we'll get time together over the I shall you're, a great guy. I wish we aren't

also busy and hang out more like an old ex, I know. Well, we can do it, I'm going to come back to Austin, I'm trying to get to Austin. Probably the spring turn figure out when and when and where I'm going to

but I love Aston, where you live as a fuckin beautiful place. Well, I know these topics get me in a quite frankly exhausting the hour for they are, but but I'd like to sham today,

really get into the big picture and what I believe is really going on, because I figured out the basis of what's happening and I'm gonna, let you I mean if you and your some far out stuff,

 

volcanic as we experienced, I'm not gonna, throw it ok go! Ok! Let me take a piss

god I was always so slight com. So are you Eddie me I get near enough

Kyler round we're gonna, bring it down we're gonna like bring it down earth every now and then going to launch into orbit we're gonna grab me by your heels, bring back we're gonna, be fine, we'll get to escape

and then tells us it. There's a bathroom may vary through that door to arrive.

Or for love extra owns so far

Bravo everything you wanted and more o absolute under sit near Lehtinen, just leaden, letting the people let near

fans know that have never been

Fundamentalism hours Jones every goddamn day

take a day off every now, and then I look like

do alone

a good guy. You know he has always been a good guy people that don't listen to him, that they believe what the man

 

in media has said: oh, yes, but also he makes it easy for them by saying crazy shit like Hillary Clinton, chops, babies, knowledge, stuff, and I know he's doing it for germanic affair. Since one the reasons why show so popular because he does la things I got, it makes it easy for people to dismiss them, and then you go.

Into this thing. We're ok! Let's before you dismissal, let's look at what he said. What is he said? It's true and they look at what he said.

We thank you said today so far, so many of operate all far everything that he said, it's just

his radio show. He doesn't have any teleprompter, this dude can talk,

four hours straight for now. That's a thing. No one need wind of doing a lot of podcast, especially doing these radio show shows like Alex as by himself we're just ransom, ransom, rent for long periods of time. He they develop, like a certain, must

like there's a lot of guys who would do their own party, like billboards per example, disown podcast by himself all the time and he's got this a bit.

 

He took over just rant from one subject to the next subjecting keep going and when you have Bonaparte guess it's just you just can't. I gotta get out of his way. So with Alex

It is kind of gotta go freedom. Some subjects get out of his way, but every now and then he does so many subjects in a row I gotta bring back. I gotta go. You got us. Ok, let's get to this one. How did she stealing

you just can't ass over there? Let's get to this? Ok, let's get those broke down. Pre did a great job, and this is, I think this is going to help people have seen Alex like that.

Is going to help people have a chance to look at

whole picture of just forget about where you're loyalties, Alai, whether you enjoy CNN or Fox NEWS whenever it it just

sit outside of it right now and look

it. What it really is because what it really is. Why is anyone want to give you the news?

giving you the news because they love you are

giving you the news, has its programme and they're trying to make money and do they

 

have access to certain people, because it willing to play certain games most likely when you're looking

something. That's on a major league television show, whether its Fox NEWS or NBC or CBS, or whatever the fuck it is. You ve, got to go through some say

Sirius channels to get there just had each if Europe,

I would suit tie good evening, America and you're doing that, got that

that guy on any of those major networks. You had to go through some fuckin, serious hoops and ladders and checks and balances you gotTA represents

something in order to be the person who reads the news. But what is that

four. Is it a fuckin show, or is it

the news: are they really trying to help you? What are they trying to do?

No, why why are they doing the news? Are they doing it?

love you and care for you, and I want you to be informed or they doing, because there clearly biased,

They ve got an agenda, but if you watch

Fox NEWS and then to see- and I just go back and forth whenever some going

like what I did it after the election as Like Fox NEWS scene and Fox news. Cnet, its quota focused

 

tell the truth: someone's gotta be lying. Why you foxes lying won't! You

looks like this one story. We here is a totally different story, we're so all

need to know just looking at that? Just forget about what you are with the progressive liberal, whether a conservative Republican just look.

That and understand that you're getting all of your information

these sources that have a vested interest in releasing their particular version of the truth ass I could for anybody. The represents the barbarity that how do I foxes?

Totally me. I want you, no matter what you do on given Freddy Bravo, to give crazy bring out the hatch. I hope that people listen to your show the people who live in the law, as all members want to get going for once did it still is to bring out the whiskey

all I want like for me. I don't want to be.

This conspiracy, guy, making money and and doing shows, I walked

from my podcast, I started my conspiracy. I really don't want to be.

Conspiracy, guy it so

 

thing inside me is wants to wake people up. That's all I'm trying to do.

At alternative. I'm trying to help. I make money off any conspiracy theories. Everything I tell myself every time I walk in here, don't say,

conspiracy with he's gonna bring out of umbrella Exam Black Africa, where there is a big failure, was role with you later. Oh shit back surgeries. No, you said so. He says he is ass. Ninety just had a desk replace really it's. Finally, guy you're actually can be with you see I have every now and then don't you want to be like on that site

I just have Apple a act.

They don't waste, Donald that Whisky Alex Jones. Listen. Let me give you guys. The big frickin doubted, ok, poor, that we say that I'm willing to give I'm abortion. I got the thing figured out Poland for aiding. I gotta figure now Gus

you mean an usher. Parliament, may you, gentlemen, cheers

 

I wanna keep my mouth shut, shares to you out Jones, here's a u buy stuff

bore so one side or the other when it comes to this was so much in tissue pace and regarding the show much calling about don't have Algerians on about. While there was a lot of that, there is not a bigger com owners racist should someone said that to make our Jones in one of the least racist people you ever fuck and meet your life. I've never even heard you say a racial thing, race is so inconsequential. Do you know what you think and what they stand for? You ve never discussed race ever in the almost. What do I know

sixteen fuckin seventeen years. I've never

when you discuss raise it. Also someone calling racist like

you're just like all. They do all terms waving a rainbow flag, say he's homophobic. There was a guy walking

to me in New York. I was there after the election was there for the? U have see was right after the election and me my friend campaigns walk back from the jam. We, what we went over the jam will walk back. We walked right into the fuckin protests and theirs.

 

Guy that was standing next to me,

Greening Donald Trump

k, K racist sectors. They had TAT gay KKK, races, sexes, antigay, just kept screaming Donald Trump than the caretaker is a job for you.

Stories? Racist? Are you sure there's? Any discrimination is generally gay guys around to see those of hotels.

Friends with them, and I gave interviews the advocates twenty years ago. It's all just come

Leap, Meda or scrap waving a rainbow fly,

aren t speech. He says Republicans have to stop being mean gay people and, after being close him he's about to enforce civil rights laws for

gaze and others and they're calling him a literal homophobia.

This is probably not decide. Now bs man this it, but this is my problem with it. My problem with it is that people want to use a real you're, a big you're. This Europe

 

that they want to come up with a nice quick label that officially, maybe you in that makes it boxes. You lean images, aligns you and then you have to defend yourself. Look. You said it,

at the beginning as diatribes, not perfect, he's a man. It is also a super ambitious super wealthy man. It's constantly on the go and those kind of do there,

type, a hyper, aggressive personalities and he's

said so should he shouldn't have said right dummy. Don't you agree like generally older than this, the big

One is one that he said in confidence with that Billy Bush guy, the ground by the pussy thing, that's the big and who has it in confidence, especially,

you're famous man, it's crazy woman, throw themselves on you, you do anything, you want to actual solve a woman's climbing up on top of you, you can do whatever you want. That's what mammals do she showing she wants it? She gets it and then they turn into a sexual assault. It's pure

 

We did have a woman said he. I guess I can see that there are other. Could you scope and grab him in the balls? We would. We would laugh or thought in reality just talked about how she fuck any gosh wants is walked up the ground by the deck we would like vigilant, rising told. We would think it's amazing how these out my group is, he wasn't talking about it. He hides behind bushes and works for jogger learning, reaches out and also context, he's out of context he's having a guy conversation. Wait like he described in a locker room and there is a whole, but this how assigned window recorder gonna like at this- and this is not defending it means- is definitely not

something should have said, probably wasn't all agree to that. But what

you really doing he's really what we call talk and shit

Edie. I had talked shit so much to each of the latin saying things we totally don't believe we totally don't mean, but we're trying to make each other and show you were worse, Ellie, Etienne, ire, silly all the time you had a transcript of all the key

 

Relations are you and I have had the fucking seventeen years we ve been friends, oh shit, we be in trouble, can't put it on air we'd, be in fuckin. Real taught me that you're gonna content Rowan on Facebook measures into that live video, Yasmine, so funny. Watch this

the tv show my guy that shows us and then a Sousa turned the camera, and you want to sell us that wasn't meant what was bad, but it was my off the cuff. Aren't you know you weren't censoring while forgot? What I said

so our marijuana involved this conversation

for every hour had the analogy somewhat. These: are you dont like them? You dont have to wear so loud. You dont have to worry about Alex Jerome.

Is here seriously address what do the job and actually reach out here?

so hundred hundred and ten million. Who knows how many months now

knows a lot about a month. Twenty million

you came all the derivatives and everything else you're doing and I raised about on X, and we still do not know now not on the excellent I'm a lot over. The point is that you're one of the biggest shows the world. Let me to his wife, not hearing him. He'd know this continent as a signal to the mainstream media of apathetic. They are seen in

 

top show has maybe a million viewers, their average seven hundred thousand foxes top show. Maybe four

in an automobile, united, ok, great good for them and not competition. While the point is there, a friggin Joe

I conservatively everyday and rational radio, have four

investors on my plus stations. That's right! It proven make that's big right there and then

millions and millions of dollars. Every day, tens of millions of people watch the videos you out altogether forty something million a week. We go back to this. What's happening:

it isn't about Joe Roadrunner AL shows ready. Bravo, any that it's about the people are hungry for being here.

Have a wider selection of things. Why are you in a wholly different categories? Zalm trying to do is give them interesting content. You're, actually try

to run a new show and expulsions. I'm really smart commentary. I watch clips olive. I have people on tablets, talk, you tried, open minds all the time and have an open mind the different. I must honestly what I'm not anonymously, not trying to open minds on being curious, Num, asking questions and I'm trying to learn as much myself and then what

 

do learn about things. I would like to have that person come on to teach other people around, because I think it's interesting well. Here is the big show out of revulsion. We want a billion, lay the sound chaloner and I'm wearing a documentary down the road and actually break this down. Glad

There is a whole breakaway civilization than I am

did you have ass yet ready? I don't ever talk about this for real break

way civilization. Are you ready, Hoddan, Joe

we think that I tell you over the years human

too many that true there was a couple that you are wrong. You all right that we're trying to kill people,

the context, not mine.

Mr Byrne? That explains why

If we want it's ok. Conspiracy theory is just not trusting criminals every now and then you can in that murder the criminal, but still a criminal, even though you're wrong. One of those things I'm actually embarrassed about is the watch. Ok, ok,

Well, listen. You're not accounts, but you're, not a computer expert near my. I didn't go anywhere that night, my stay fuckin home and I was waiting for that goddamn

 

Howard, Eagle Asher. I never knew a minute, but since then twelve I didn't know about damn the Mayans we thought it was over. I think that paragraph two and two thousand twelve licence in December two thousand well like I did. I was just about the S very strong tobacco from Mexico, dynamic. California. This agenda is one hundred percent medical reasons and legal yam and is still looked

There's a lot of things that people think you're gonna happen. They turn out. Do not happen is always a goddamn asteroids, gonna kill us all that there are still important here. Is the news outlets? So what

What is going on aliens are coming to levy universal limit before I do this, when I answer his questions, yet a written question to me

Why you care? I want to give our support. Ok, this is one of the

you things that that I have really gotten wrong.

I didn't go in my gut and so

was proven wrong and I did it for the long reason. So now I'm in actually confess your honor,

 

I was on one radio station. I've been on access tv for four years. One radio station already started to show to my house. There was, unlike fifteen real estate.

So I had that at least, but I was wondering radio station had the top show at night

all station with Howard, stern killer is all of the newspaper had huge ratings and I will bring an end.

You're. Twenty forty random Muslims reject a huge amount for me building whole operation at home.

They cover the cells, guys they go look for a year. You ve not been my why you came and

not let this evolutionary sponsors and we're gonna. Basically, we fired. If you don't, let us endorse these sponsors

and have a minor and show you believe in want you can hold on a second. So these sponsors were like doomsday stuff like can food and shit and bankers limiting ourselves even further. They gonna like K, lights and lions, but about the standard wants to make all the hundred Castro the station made. You push why to Kay why

but let me go further disorder. The few times in my life tat. I say I didn't

 

integrity. I kind of let them convince me, but I think back to the point in the conference room I just kind of went: okay, okay, okay, sure I get it and then I will

and then, once I decided it was true. I really pushed it so it's almost like

myself because I'm being honest about this programme, so so this is what happened.

For a year and a half, I'm saying it's bs, it's a government hoax because they're, like the Navy says the chips are all bad and fifty four cities will completely fall and it's all the death. I said they just want to upgrade with all this new spiral.

When new global standardization of the. U S is telling me

active ninety six. They want to force all the new chips zionist resources, then that I was having on ok and

realize how special wasn't have resources there. Tommy Toby S, people don't

you were the Navy and don't want, and Fox NEWS had agitate your food, which is everywhere.

Someone hell, ok, stuffs gonna, be real, so was like a black Friday for

like a wide variety of the last few months and furthermore, or was it a farm anyway?

 

they didn't, but the moral was how to convince myself. It was real so badly,

and out at the course they like you're twelve hours beyond that data like five at some totally insane. But it's like nuclear reactor having a problem here and really was happening and, like you know, oh and there was a missile fired from Russia.

Which like was an icy Vienna like shot down. That was ABC News. I'm like

this isn't really happening. Ok, we got for perinatologist

there are probably going to react, resuming problem. Well, there's some stuff. So there was some

Jesus problems, but

government and Emma SAM had hiked it. Then they use

two demonize alternative media. Even then, when it wasn't catastrophic, so my gut told me it was bs, it was bs

So thank God, I missed the whole twenty twelve thing, but still

They said Alex Jones as the world's ending the bureau. Twenty two,

 

We're pissed at me that I wouldn't go into this thing. That's fun for them see when you start talking about the end of the world. Are doomsday come and people like that shit because it gives them something to think about, but there's a lot of people on future. I know manatee gives this year was a long time ago. Seventeen,

them see when you start talking about the end of the world, are doomsday common people like that shit, because it gives them something to think about what is allowed appeal on future. I know mannerly jobs. This year was a long time ago. Seventeen years ago, right, ally to Kay seventeen fucking years got at least ten thousand twelve then get you survive redeemed or so you came back out on seventeen think about seventeen years ago. That's a long time ago I mean you getting fired from that job. Every

radio guys got and fired the Howard Stern got fired, you got fired.

But allows parliament just hours after fire. I met top ratings and they were all pissed and weird about the wording

 

they met with the losers. They were all flipping our cause, the big paychecks

Well, it makes sense how's it was assigned, and White UK thing totally makes sense that they would want you to really push that seven hard, because who the fuck knows.

No, you get scared. You like whether lives, because Agnes College, the Navy, said what's gonna happen, wash imposed now you're

There is a real enemies, the want our ok, maybe I'll go to it. I had

one. There were telling me there was,

something that was gonna happen on two thousand twelve. They were sure of it here.

My revolver guarantee piano. Is there not a bully? Don't you just you're my doing you start like stampeding like Linux, its ambition alone. It is like a single going on this massive double.

Crossing. Is I really used to be in India? You fellows,

but the more you looking to you I found it looks like,

Another conspiracy intransigent was like the government.

It must be the sole NASA deal and when he came to the meeting

couldn't do it out of the sky well and

 

Stanley magenta meet with me is heart, blew up. It blew up like like a bomb in an art like they set his heart like completely rupture,

while the point as it then was Raymond Tee. And if you look at mission control,

He was the main homage of control that control the cameras and everything, and he

he and I believe this house. He had national security. Letters from the president, he'd run like see.

But operations in Cambodia and allows using airforce engineer

he knew the whole deal, and he would soon what hold they would say. You do meet with you and tell you everything I knew you would come and start gulping and he couldn't get it out, couldn't get what he said. He was so threatened or whatever he couldn't tell me

about? Do you think about how you probably left now laugh and losing the car around, and why you think those gentlemen? A lot is whether we should allocate resources are right. There were advanced technologies

we were worried, astronauts might die. They had two teams in orbit one

but the real ships? This is not a joke. Joe wait a minute,

 

they had one meal shimerdas ufos in an orbit and they were communicated Kennedy and the government everybody and next they're gonna. Have this giant thing about Americans number one and not have a backup later the Ashraf Stock puzzles

phones back on lost your fucking mind is guy you ain't going to hold on that. Let him finish there. We are,

Tell me what you trying to say. Are you trying to say that so the dean

I still got ran and she was gonna. Give me the secret of NASA. Ok and then

Could never get it out you here in order to arrive a second programme in a second

program. How do you know he die and he told me, but before the heart attack in them

hardtack second to none?

met with him of the old sat command literally, actually tell you look forward or not what

He told me he said your d said from your analyses: resources you're dead on

Why was in control of the video and radio communications, and he was the bureau?

 

these checks on tv or minutes they run at that point, the guy control can was on mission in rural, wasn't ready to back up. What are you kidding? Of course, the

the moon, landmines, are you getting come out? Will you raised it? You wanna know come on that's ridiculous now, but

I don't trust the government. That's why don't trust in me because they ran they? Do you want to spend money? They ran a fake up. We're just re entry devices and basic stuff.

Space and did

some of it, but then they had a real mission that put the reflectors opening on the moment when the member is no proof that re so you, but about what you know that the russian government with Leonardo Enable died, the secret Space Programme Alex. You know that the russian government, you know that the russian government put those laser site. Those laser reflectors on the moon is well with unmanned probes. Yes, you know their rights and their still authorities the Chinese, but about

Nobody dares there's weird. Ever nobody wants them things like that far away,

giving you

 

so you think they generally went to the moon. They just the footage is. Is that what you say you can't rig Phil,

back to that Alan Radiation building spots all over right, but we don't have film what would lead us to believe that they definitely did it because they had Arcy cameras

where there was a trash. Other types of amazing footage right is amazing footing those close to launch in space. In case the real mission died so who's in the

learn to show you the relentless what happened and is already military Algeria

is we have real advance? Ok, ok

let him alone immensities Eddie, so we got it. Gotta figure this out.

So what are saying is that one

we saw on tv. Would Neil Armstrong one small step for man? That's all horseshit.

But the real one actually took place. They couldn't get the film.

But Armstrong had been on real motions. So, yes, he definite bit unreal missions, but

I don't know he wouldn't tell me all of it. He died before we met the other

 

I was on the next day and his wife called my dad was friends what they have done on the other guy. What's his name buzz all, but I do know Bus Aldrin Buzz already said. I want to come on your shoulder mulligan

although he, though, he lives, you're an ally and one time I ran into closely with that, and he said

What come on your showed. I said I come on we'll it's. The only interviewees suddenly goes a motel

who else your audience alone, he said there is

Nevertheless, just by two thousand and one it's on the moon of Mars, the sole Mon

sending a transmission.

It's all real and it's all Egypt Anders aliens everything else and its autumn ever so. Why

Europe is zero. Clip of that has all port was also not pull that level now. It was online easy nightly noon the next day. So let us see that do you think he was funds, William detainees back when you know he was real, see her face. I fell. I urge Laurie, I think, is foolish

is for sure what is this true payment

If there is an obvious on Mars, I think

 

That really is communicating novelist, modem or the mood of Mars photos.

So we are, shall we only in their data, be seen as instagram banality now is a good sign, a bitch amazing, my gotta followed.

Which is that it imposes a slight he's. Just

go to your local cases. Ok, let's give us our love and Instagram. Let's give some people with their habitation. We can keep track if there's something very important to be dropped from the moment. I am not sure whether it is right now.

Gosh you died, sure thing shared identity airports are not yet for

while the truth. I know we all want to hear what you hear about as I want to hear, but who are you what he says? First, let's see what he says. Yes, they hold the guy Jim America to make such growth expenditures again for human habitation and about we can help we can join with together. We can

 

nor the moon and develop and still tat. We money do together. Our Belgium has not gone before. Is this where it talks about that? I'm I'm alive! Now it's on my shoulders, she's measures. We need to go, go to a monolith there, a very unusual step,

sure little potatoes shaped object,

need for billions dollars to go one, listen, seven hours,

find out about that. They're gonna say who put that their hope that their there well the universe, put it there. If you choose and come back there

It's like I know we ve come on. I want four billion show less reform, so that's the model that thing that you look at. Why that's weird? I don't believe this shit for a second origin.

Above all,

I fear in LOS angeles- and I can tell you anything else,

this monolith on photos, weird saga, weird,

 

structure. Who knows that's a real picture are both the ads, are Marcia Command,

That proves that mines are all that I can. I don't know shit about Photoshop and I can make sure you hear tell you the big secret about my sheep were merely with yes without legal clarity. We go look. Let me hear the shooting fed you wanna any doesnt. Let's go you mean kid, he told me the populace. Merv is real,

no one's gonna die. What he told me he told me, he said you know, India sending approved, moan and then

now that when they cross the probably family undersea frozen eyes that covers the moon, the moon has dust on it's a big

Honourable give me the water we need to get the planet. We make our big job, so I hope

it was our things lay on the planet, just perverse mandate. We make a step forward, but like a video game,

buzz eyes highlight buck with those all right now, you're, not listening,

 

working with a crash, the profound exactly what they were saying and I want to do in Europe- would look over and it says

as India discovers water on the moon, that's all water. Will they ve deafening

covered one on the moon right that this parliament is armed, but Buzz all told me about it a year before it's I'm right

I see my corrections in the water and the money to buy Buzz, Aldrin is going to the meetings and they tell em shit

yeah. I want to know you want to get to know about eating. I dont get it all this stuff. For here tell you was always told me in a year it

you're gonna be on the news that they discover war with a proper setting before they even sending a problem, the news they let India quote, find it.

Is the Eu S already found is already, but on the moon. God knows how many times the orders they got,

Military alliance Zile accepted. We think in the fifties. What do you think we got now? Do you think they have nuke women their bases on the moon while never get it all the stuff right? Don't you

Let's just say it server advanced,

 

think that they have some sort of a base out. There's, like I told you, I only Wiki or that so far away. Why, when they just

but on a desert somewhere. What is it?

am I p detected. Why?

or on the moon way back in June ha drop and

simple on you, our reality Buzz Albert tells me there in an hour India finds water, oh my god Buzz. I follow on Instagram and then come back to me with examples all the moon flags throw you unless all retirement

The moon impact probe, which classes

crash landed designated site on the Lunar South Pole on November. Fourteen two thousand eight had picked up some clue.

Their signatures of water, danish, twenty five minutes dislike crash.

Mr Near said at a press conference here in front of interest to a you know what, when it comes to space Alex, that's not your forte I but

 

want one thing I want to ask: both all during this time of year was, are above run on Instagram and then come back at me. What are you what you want with his instagram? What's up with bundles buzz, organizing, it's amazing? How is this like these

he's bawling ac,

did you see when the guy comes over yours, you're full crab erodes the managers punches email check this out. I wanted to ask you: what are you? What do you think is Trump going to do anything about the stratospheric aerosol injections write that down? I guess

I don't? We talk, we talk or not. I am cereals down right of talking about stratosphere, aerosol ingenuously. I can't get to the point you will. Let me you know what would you think

we must stop the nominal, just write it down right, let down the line,

 

question, although there that's the quite as a question you just want to get my five before Thou Jones is off the rails right for all the ring and we'll get the job. I don't have the right of downloading it because you ve been there.

We'll drop is from doing another problem.

To start with. What do you think the programme is adding? What is it

The programme as it

director of the sea is talking about an hour you to look John GINO brandy talking about strategies to try to resolve injections, it's going to cost ten billion dollars a year and there's going to be some countries opposed to it, because it's gonna mess up the right to travel. To me about atmospheric manipulation of dynamite, stratospheric g s. I never heard of that. It's a super important. We need to break down to three letters.

 

Let me go, let me John O Brennan admitted last June of two thousand sixteen at the fire. I saw the video common on it. Can you play

but let me tell me on oh brother John it wherever amateur, bashing you, but you, education, jokes about it, which I get because a lot of its bs there is an entire

atmospheric terraforming GEO Engineering,

violation and call? It came trails and of course, the c I a director,

maybe they have a huge problem bill among the gate.

Foundation owns the major patents on it from western

and others that use these big antennas to manipulate the whether they can.

China's like causing, usually like harp like horse

How could I should analogy? It's all

we classify think hard manipulates, whether they admit it. Does I used overhead of heart general Bitten, K, port, not all the time, but the exactly.

There's giant whether modification systems and there's whether wars between different governments and they did,

declared its explain to people who are listening. What harp is what it stands for high altitude,

 

something tat. I ve got a system that, supposedly you know to harp, really was on its classification. What does a stand for high frequency, active auroral research programmes or the idea behind this? Was they want?

do research on the aurora and did they want to see if they could communicate using it and set out your way. I want it out. Other eyes in right are right, yeah that and they also wanted

to be able to send radio signals, the places where they wouldn't really aright doesn't really go. What does that have to do with stratospheric their heart and it really go into the atmosphere

smart grids. I've interviews that, though, the private out of it largely ruffle

the Pentagon, let him on my: how does harpoon Wilma? How does harp work with the controls? Would it

Let me just goes on

only a my chronic amount, a small amount of what harp does is in the atmosphere, its bouncing off the

a laboratory hours

and then resonating back through in it in a deep earth communication.

 

Programme of satellites. Other things through the planet show itself

satellites through the satellites down the submarines,

here goes. This is an actual de definition. How harp works the facilities

Examiners scenario where he was accordingly: malicious reader, first waves upwards into the ionosphere between one hundred three and fifty kilometres of altitude, the resulting heating effect.

Creates irregularities in the electron density there, which in turn allows communication signals

from satellites to be relayed off the ionosphere. That solidarity does. Then they can

should the satellite frequency coated through the earth to submarine. Now what is

website from them? Shiner ain't James, us a bully. You want the real stuff, ok, yeah, sure

What the hell you lemmings! Why something?

need I have they have the heart programme on this, but I got contacted about ten years ago. They said the head of the heart project really liked your work. He liked it.

Come on areas online line like to come on a job body and about thirty minutes,

 

We can on the line,

sorry during a break and cut the guy off? Well,

Don't turn I mean is really happens to spooky music cues programme.

I believe you?

That's true. I want to know what I want to know that I want to know the relationship between what are the camp trails have to do. Do you think Trump is gonna? Look,

do the S eye, a project,

The CIA has green, let tee starting out with vaccines. As I told a bully would do and

to getting all the damage they cause autism. Merely though the ultimate that's good. To start the vaccines get that shit together to procure. But what about the essay? I

programmes at the CIA is green. Let you thank you,

 

and get into that other next level. You do. We want to be the case with his microphone, assuming blown up strong plenty to do we let yourself locked onto the like what is the problem with all this. As I say, I share most of what you see when you see those jets flying around those clouds behind him. Most of that is just say, added origin. Exactly the generic fuses, that, with a little rules, which are the real programme, will there's no you're right, and so is Joe because the world's complex there are secret and clauses secret and public programmes to test

population, the weather and whether systems the arrow

you're doing at the Chinese are doing. The Russians are doing people being clouds eating for a hundred yards from the clouds were down. You're too whether manipulation but they're doing it for

different penalties and that not to produce will lapse. Luckily, I had been living Kinnock on the head of the. U S whether weapon programme,

for twenty seven years on my show. First, because I saw

declassified? I saw you

 

the piano objections. I called him running a major clouds in company with his son and got the nine year old to Austin and then after

we totally free jack. As you see, I came to this house, do you want

the interviews on on Youtube. Do you want?

what he said. Yes,

the world WAR two

and the world or to the full, the first planes and hurricanes? Well what

What you're Amelia Atlantic, that's pretty gangs to add an empty?

I found that even faster in the Pacific

then he in a also let squadrons in Vietnam flooding everything up to ten feet of water at a clear blue skies than ours? What about with with their whither chemicals

it was about ass. You have to build up a superpower fly into a hurricane or a typhoon to Caesar scattered to holy shit anyway,

super bad. As you know, is alive, he's been living at. Ninety was still other thought at ninety can kick my ass one of loving

tax and I felt like I was there. I was ever anyways so so we're sitting there

 

give me all this dad and I can't believe it is always classified photos and stuff cuz. They just e class by the file. No one thought to call the old man from Lubbock or whatever.

French. I call him I'll get him on the agenda

watch people their company, threaten them the next week after aired, and he later

He said in ninety six, shadowy

certified of the same research institute that he was able to control Hurricane, create hurricanes and steer hurricanes. All that got black budgeted shut down.

And then they got into these are rage or they could use antennas, and out of that and Westinghouse came

came the leader of the whole heart programme shall, in the sixties they could create control and steer or kill hurricanes

That's why you, Google, now Bela Melinda Gates,

on all those patents and quote bill gauges,

save the world from bad weather. Bill Gates wants to stop hurricanes. Google,

so I so let me bill near ass, the weather machine when he paused for a second. How does the hundred? How do they manipulate a hurricane, so the hurricanes,

gonna happen how they break it up: ok, image,

 

It's coming into lands, their problem with with aerial arrays, projecting the sky. They can break it up or strengthen it or kill it or steering

It's all. Nato is doing that with harp. What I've got growth? They got heart basis,

the place they call him Doppler radar facilities O the government wants your level city to have dollar rate. Are I thought I was like tat? You could find a way to the screen. That's it like one tenth of one percent. They can create those arrays up that have imagined

you're likes might go and they do a little bit. Yak is no

he's all power, your town through the

popular radars control. In the? U S

a giant whether weapon,

in front of everybody in every town and city and poor rush

The Chinese are just discovering and all the u S is whether have as they can knock em all outright bill, gates, control the weather, ideas for barges to pump cold water from the dead,

the ocean to create some sort of a road block for the hurricane since Hurricanes Pope

 

Our from the waters warm temperatures, cooling, the water could have theoretically irrational less outriders mental hurricane. What somebody

good idea of the miners. Analyzing is salad. Genius idea, spray, cold water and discharges of going off the terrorists rails John O Brien, and is in the front of the sea as far as we are doing this because for global world

me, you gotta say, but you are right and you are right about social about about GEO Engineering. Contrails! You are wrong,

about the dinosaurs lobbying.

But hey what about that? They're they're coming

out saying: hey, there's gotta be some countries that there are there aren't gonna before it, we gotta

you gotta we're gonna, do with a heavy audio. Yes, the sacred yes,

The big slick, let them in relation to go with that, come on, don't change, subject, keep going. What that you have done would Livingstone. Imagine you're here, but a measure me Joe actually got me off on human. Europe are already doing later finish the s

 

I probably he doesn't know about this. I know about it, but it's my real. What do you know about the essay I programme? Let me get this

on what most of the real programmes are just like France for something else, Simon Real, so you don't think there

sprang shit into the atmosphere know there is a programme for GEO Engineering there's a programme in place, and yes, it is the Doppler radar system and a harp and what else and arrows

rang still the most effective and what do they do have pat when you wear aerial spraying, where they sprang barium. So,

limit oxide radioactive vices of burial. Moraine him in the air of a lion and anti alone was because, because it does, a bunch of things are testing a bunch of stuff there. There there manipulating thanks

listen, our political body of evidence, it they're doing nessus, brain aluminum, barium human embryo online and raise the portrait of energy. It's all public, just

a key just on line wants a Chinese do did Jack by a tiger the great that's out there. You know the Department of Energy dog of rain and you can

 

watch sea of arms. Cia directorate time, Brennan,

admitting all business is all public. Here they look at it. He talked about red nigh side. I saw the video to play the video and go over it if you want, because talking about various options for controlling global warming to lay out the future. Thank you.

Global warming is a guy, have only hold onset of global warming is real. We know it is right. Don't you

They want to have the all believe. Globalize real at the jealously. Measuring these temperatures and scientists keeps on cod failure and we're editors came out. That's emails. Bullets found out

let's find out what you actually want along these really gently with real ok, I've

given the high goes called they're. Always micro temperature is always live change. This ship surrounds the only thing that our habitats angry carbon taxes, that Al Gore one fix it. I think we'll we grant lives, but what I'm saying is there absolutely is global warming right?

what is this? You don't want to. I reminded the when my

I was a kid. The nineteen fifty four three four months

 

the year it was below zero or phrasing you had a chop would need Frazier S. Often all houses had even the south have had

YO had all sorts of of chimneys in them for fireplaces, because it was freezing cold,

and now there has been a warning period but

as part of a normal global cycle based on the sun. All these actions,

physicians for the hole

but clearly its carbon we put out the earth- is carbon starve. There

carbon cycle. That's the big we're gonna, get to the Globalist One,

tax evasion, tax oxygen, carbon tax

I'd water, sunlight. They have total control.

Over the whole life cycle of the planet. Let's play the video,

where the video this the C. I a guy talking about it, because what I inferred from it as it is with some sort of solutions. If global warming becomes a giant leap, sureness of friction, I known lobbyists who would watch out

 

Will you take them and what is the CIA? That's? Why do the media for global warming is a good question? What do they have to do? I don't know what does deal entitled intelligent communism there never built that. Stop the spread of communist right, but ass, an intelligence agencies that are part of the environment. They are part of the intelligence community and if they got hired, I would imagine is just me guessing right off the top of my head if they got hired to assess a threat and

at being from global warming like? What would we have to worry about? Are we really gonna lose cities? Do we really have an issue? There is going to give George Soros of the? U and total power for a one hundred trillion per decade, global tax to MIKE

managing survey I'll everything humans do pussy is of carbon toxic. They gotta surveillance. Thus they ever jurisdictional trawler lives. Ok, hold up, buys a debunked. Cia director admits, came trails, GEO Engineering, stratospheric aerosol injections, so

 

as a crime guys. This answer really wrote all in all it hold on hold on at the council admits GEO Engineering in the form of stratospheric aerosol injections. As I is taking place

cancer is taking place. I account trials and the robot

is nowhere in his speech, asean and mission that an essay I programme has already taken place. The part where Brennan mentions GEO Engineering is just one example out of several not often mentioned issues the CIA monitors for potential elements of it

stability in the world as a I programme

ever implemented, could penetrate conflicts and security threats if misused the CIA

His job is to consider all types of concepts, concepts for

tension, travellers and threats, including this science oriented concepts. That's totally, let me break down the right now possible, nor to everybody, but what that guy just said is that possible? Now that's basely, let Breaded said

boy saying is that there are potential threats, human, mentally. It's an issue rights these

 

admitting that he there's an essay. I are eliminated, ok go Tommy, Airbus

Bates? How many programmes are all the specific slaughter? Let's classified you,

Google, China Margin,

major, whether control operations, ten years right or Qatar,

or Saudi Arabia or you, UK. Are your people have studied none of that right? There's they call it study a giant

in two thousand and five, the Department of Energy Programme for aerosol testing, with five billion dollars ear shall under

This code, Tuttle fifty chapter, thirty, two sub section, one thousand following twenty eight paragraph b- is that true,

that right, yes,

 

from mars- Under- U S code, you live on that Arbalist TAT was a fucking. Let me just show you. I remember the time last time, G2 look at how, under you must go title fetish ever thirty thousand Father twenty I'd rather be that's, that's insane under say its low, that Jamie write it up jewish code job fifty jabber fast, remember,

less code title. Fifty

chapter. Thirty six months of our twenty by rubbing subsidy

one hundred and twenty eight, the real, fast brain were actually fact speed,

species would say yes, like one thought you Jesus yours, Jabber, hardly lucky knows: attacks wonders restrictions on use of human subjects, for testing of camp trails, girl go back back back there go or by

 

logical agent site. Now what they do- and this is they say it's illegal detest. Unless it's for research that under a lottery, you kill people, it was for research park. You know that's how some of those japanese Wheeler vessels get away with killing whale still. They say it's for research purposes and they killed the whales and sell them

dark shit you're the only as are the AIDS or the mask science. Everything engineers now will you be the big secret mountain view on ass? I do I'm not kidding,

I know I'm not saying it's everywhere. They call there the high priest, their scientist right there, engineers they're, allowed to kill people test stuff on kids in jet black people,

fill us with all the declassified of because they

Our scientists, all the real

the EU should urge tortures are most evermore p,

by making decisions are doctors and

so it's all medical doctor staff in this big breakaway civil

nation of scientists, ok, and so that's what they built at under under

 

the research provisions they can even kill anybody they want. I want to go back because we took eddies turn on cam trails, but we did at the side tracked from what you were saying about the moon, and I want to go back to what you're saying, because you are so

there are two completely different missions and one of em

is real and that there was

some sort of contact with aliens

No, I was yet another saying I had it turns out you're implying tat. Well, I added Wilson

So there is an ongoing. I was told by top NASA

individual romantic that indeed there was a break.

A programme, and that he heard and saw a tree

and missions on some back channels of reach.

Feeds and advance ships that he'd never even shame. That, basically didn't look like.

Or anything that he can imagine that was classified, and you knew about some classified programmes for every program. You saw

There was at least ten programme supersecret, that's about it by massive ninety percent, sacred or more

and so he knew about a cloud, much less what programmes and he was seeing transmissions and things coming back and talk to people about

 

breakaway program? They said that a lot safer, a lot bigger than the moon, and they had guys up in orbit just basically said that even other foreign governments from the trajectory point with it. They were getting transmissions back from the moon,

so there are people out basically outside of the regular ordinary. Just go round in circles wears a GEO,

during his way and one spot rang transmitting back from mathematical spot? Look like trans measure to fool the Russians, everybody, although

measure was going on on the moon. So you

believe they went to the moon, do think. Did it was Buzz Aldrin and not on O Neil Armstrong regulatory everything that he shut up

Would you tomorrow at dude? That's like a movie

He told me: how did he tell you everything and then he

just totally was crazy, but he didn't Medea that what the public got was. Thank you

he couldn't get a jolly well there's some footage from the moon

It looks so ridiculous and most,

 

you'll, never see some footage of them that but here's there's the biggest

population. This is one of the really big ones, Santa Claus that there was a lot of footage that they did where they were doing tests that they wound up. Jesse using for press

releases, the using like to say this is actual

a job that they write stuff for the project because they want to

guaranteed of it. A real, however, advise the truth, but there was a thing with Michael Collins, Gemini fifteen. There was a test photo of him with. I got a test

re gone and it was like suspended and you can see the background behind him. It was clear that is suspended on wires and they took that

same photo and black it out and used it as oppressive,

of him on an actual spacewalk, but it's a scam

exact Yoda our stuff yeah. They do that, where they just go over within backed uneasy, actually use an exact on Irish, my dad when he was like a junior and ice calls on the plan to programming beauty and they already have.

CD, roms and computers, and they had a nuclear.

 

Under you t. Nobody knew about, and my dad do about this house, a teenager and our

like later go the labyrinth going to find it, Google

Similarly in the news, but I've gotta you to talk to him,

oh yeah, you know, but the reactor in the building of reactor also got in

and then no one even know that often has to declare

actors and north, asked what yeah diplomas by those for you. I was everyone's ecology

he's a reactor under which building in Austin Texas, it's big,

so big railway system under there, but it's it's built right under

right under legacy jester, so

a nuclear reactor in Austin Texas. How many people know about this.

You know it's in the literature to my dad's, only about it. When I was a kid, I thought you might not believe my dad. My dad told me about a Dallas hospital was killing people for their organs

Point that, unlike six years later, I thought of sixty minutes whites they would killing people for organs really deliver.

In Dallas was on sixty minutes yeah. My dad said

 

I was sixteen. Fifty intake drivers course said: don't sound on organ donor, Carano, hospitals, Achillea, cheese and Daniel.

Getting us now I've. He was an oral sergeant, Rewire Georgie's. I've heard this one killed people

is. This is why the creepy as things you every time I get asked me, can you imagine? Doctors are get kickbacks for organs. That kind of, let them see age, Austrians, are seen as the highest cast by the elite. So there

Poland all the stuff from Italian. You knock creepy would be like to find out that a nurse at your work, which is killing people

but that's a store that happens over an overhaul of creating a smart killer. There's been a bunch, they gonna pay, so they get no! No! No! No! No! No! I shall be illegal. These nurse jobs that signal nurses decide they don't wanna, take care, something they poise them. They there

have someone who may be someone's dying slow and they don't like it may just like get tired of dealing with their bullshit sorrow that Taiwan is a drastic Ojala times a sadistic

been a lot of your horse, and I have about facts you're actually on target you don't

 

I think I will worsen you. You not. I argued on everything everything I know, and your aunt argues pretend you're not

no one knew that document of Utopia head like that, so rain man must have been obsessed with cam trails right,

No, I know about it. A hearty other people see, I remember, that's gotta crazy mine. I used to have all regimentals about thirty five, and now it's getting worse.

Steals that problems of our remember. But I want to tell you guys the Bay

actual has carefully as the big into where these headphones. Now the problem is when we don't have headphones. I we talk over each other. I it's hard when three people talk unjust, she'd nazi to suit. Now it's none of our fault. It's just now. I gotta conspiracy, you you're! U R Bill Hicks

now some younger than him totally.

For an ivory. I love how either that success its

will. They actually was a funny gotta Gimme, a frigate brakemen early

another families, common foreign said: please stop the people saying you're

 

Let's all control these damn people don't worry about that. Put the haven't back. We have refine, so I needed

I don't know what do you know about aliens and how much our

aliens, real look. This is really big. Ok,

airport on the show that media this out. But the question is: what does Donald Trump?

about a year was, you know now right disease in the office. I don't know it's doubt would be the first.

Thing, Rogan experience deserves that. A first thing I did, I would run to the office and I go Who'S- got the documents,

who's the alien documents, who's gonna who's got em. That would be the first

I would want to rank cheer. Sir Launcelot boring shit

I got a robot, you never have to. Piss are limited. We might best please deep recent

the proclamation wanting what he is gone, but am I

 

wrong to still hold out hope that aliens are real, because I tell you, as one of two guilty pleasures fair still cling to his big foot and aliens. Those are to take

not so much? I wish he was real, but I just don't. Are you ready? Yes, they were true now come on daddy. Are you ready

as some of you, the big uncharted Joe, thereby aliens in this room right now for real yeah you're. Not of this world brought me you're the ailing

well, I didn't know it's like gum. There was like an old comic book about that, but some dude who was forgetful per

ass. Her then he realized at the end of it. He was actually an alien from another planet that same sent down here to monitor people just forgot: well, here's what daily

leave. Em wanted to write letters. We alter its context.

I know that I can prove thank you.

People, can you handle that ok, really surprised

how much you knew every angle of so called pizzagate that I forgot wilds to meet more. Obviously, we

 

have children, and when you hear someone that wants to molest children did its

special kind of evil to special kind. You are in its it's also a special kind of bizarre twisted sickness that the human mind put like is is capable of logic,

We ve got a horse programming on care, kids, and we need to do something very crazy about people's brains and this fund, something very crazy about

of the weird variables that can potentially happen aggravate. We will all

sort of weird crazy aberrations and standard behaviour. In like this, the standard behavior, but people that are just normal folks who got kids. I got kids I'll get

Can I get a reply to you sit down. You have a couple of beers. Laugh you Joe have again, I Bob going Steve. That's fucking normal shit

right when you're normal in theirs normal people around. Here you assume that everybody is basically a good purse. We all our problems normal lower gorgeous. That's your wife comes in the bedroom. She even going you don't

 

get a five year old. Think that's what I want now! There's some you! What you try say. Is there some people out there that have this horrific programming, whatever the fuck it

that causes it is a bunch of psychologist trend, speculate, figure out,

causes, but if we beat the habit of all, but the thing is its real and its

terrify here tonight it's going on? We can't tonight's real and it's all set like Chicken Jared from Subway the subway guy, the subway guys in jail for being a pitiful.

What are you doing to Emma? They usually have intelligence and there

armies were fighting a pitiful conspiracy, but beyond that it's a

vampire conspiracy, and that they are

Energy mentioned sucking the essence of our youth right and

their possessed by an off world entity. They do and then Joe Abbot,

twenty years and I'll don't get into aliens medicine

you call religion that I've studied the elite and I've also

a lot of the top people them and, if you want to know, I will actually breaking.

 

Right now. The best knowledge right now what's happening on the planet what's happening. Let me have your basic. Just, stop, ok, love when you can use that word.

Full confidence. I never said that. Let me give you a basic just stalled. Guy got such a fraud, no you're, not you're nominated

I think, if I use that word now, you'll get all this majority have not static. Azure, bookworm research work good way. The

Lee are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe, and they want to know all this summer, good summer, bad summer mix, but the girl

ones don't ever want to organise the battle

so I want to organise because they lost for power. Powerful consciousness is dont want to dominate other people, they wanted powers, they don't tip

gather until things are really late in the game than they come together. Evils always defeated because goodest

much stronger and we're on this plan.

And Einstein's visit showed it MAX. Places has shudder, offers at least twelve dimensions, and now that's all

the top scientists in billion over coming out, saying it's a false hollow,

 

ram. It is artificial. The computer,

scanning at in finding tension points where its artificially projected again.

Cavities bleeding in to this universe. That's what they called dark matter. So we're like a thought or dream. That's a wisp in

computer programs some gods mind whatever their proving

Tal coming out now, there's like

shove transmissions zone below the third dimension, the chest

and over the most horrible things, what it resonates too? And it's trying to get up into the third dimension that just a basic law

consciousness to launch into the next levels.

Our species already way up in the first six dimension, consciously our best people, but there is big ward,

I too, like basically destroy

humanity because humanity has free will and there

decision to watch

however, we want to go to. We have very well so evils allowed to come and content, and not just good and the

themselves,

leave their regime.

 

Or using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization, where they're gonna marry

what machines transcend and break away from a failed state

CS. It is man which is kind of like a false trance

I should because their thinking what they are is ugly and bad, projecting and under themselves.

Set of believing knowledge, a human test about building us up, and so Google was set up

eighteen eighteen nineteen years ago this was I know about this report was declassified. I'm saying I sources that they wanted to build

giant artificial system and Google believes that the first

artificial intelligence will be a Schubert computer, but

on the neuron activity

of the hive mind of humanity with billions

people wired into over the internet askance, and so all of our thoughts

go into it and we're actually building

computer. That's real neurons in real time! That's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures, so that they will have current prediction powers.

 

Future prediction powers through Crystal Ball, but the big sacred, as once you have

crystal ball and know the future. You can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future. And so then it's the

end of consciousness and free will for individuals, as we know, and a true

to point out a very bad way hive my conscience

with an jack and everyone, knowing our hopes and dreams delivering it

it, was not in some Piquet De Wire at system where we plugin and give up unconsciousness because of unlimited pleasure, but because we were already wired and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system.

Our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system. There is now

when Counterstrike taking place to shut this all before

falling into place and block these systems and to try to have an actual.

Bade about where humanity goes and cut off the pedophiles

vampires that are control,

 

there's a I system before humanity's destroy women. Humanity has only control the way. I think that the pedophiles

getting control pet, the pedophiles at whatever level, the devil where

We call this unidimensional day that gives them advanced offworld technology to fall on. One side of this world is giving them

That's not what I wanna talk to run a little systems. What has already been used before on other populations? Why that Satan

body we are talking about. Let's say they explain,

species is now making a decision where you allowed its entire future when getting answers

from that's what it is, but where you getting, I know

you know in the news or tv right. This is an international force there.

The influence us to build something that absorbs,

in kills us rather than the divine

free will were given to build something much better.

That empowers the species so the

Pcs is now making a decision. Will you come out its entire future when getting us from from that's what it is, but we

you getting, I know from from looking at all

the data researching in studying at work

 

watching the enemy. That's the big decision that humanity

is now got before us? So

of your directing someone to investigate this on their own. How would they do that?

So you say: here's the problem. You get some place. Finally, indeed: research, where it's what every culture

already said when everybody knew what they're telling your movies like Prometheus, what the elite admit the New York Times

believe it is this. You know she

goodbye, offworld systems hands Vermeer. Yes, everything everything there doing points

If you read their own writings, they believe

where this ugly fallen ugly species

we're. Are we to be killed there? The?

millionaires. Horrible,

the knowledge and they're gonna marginal machines and become

as a goal, and I love it, don't you think than most people who extrapolate from where we stand today with our cell phones and our apple watches and our integration with the computer and the internet constantly? Don't you think that most people see there's

 

be some sort of symbiotic connection. It's very easy thing that relating it before I understand, but a lot of divorce amiable your problem who engineered what we were given. What is the point of the back door? The Trojan horse,

here's what I'm doing Yahoo engineered? What here's we urge Israel Johnny Leap, the elite

literally believe, Inter dimensionally, they were given this,

information on and built it and here's the thing they built it and Google admits

You would have data dumps to wire two years ago that they're building an AR in human consciousness free will and take over and the

ex species will rise out of that they are

we decided our species. But people been time. Marshall Mcluhan was talking about at fifty fucking years. There's the old they built it Amazon two years ago. Admit

they can already with ninety percent certainty, pick what's wrong

Your users are going Alec before they horizontal, read it instead of dragging this out to some nefarious end is entirely possible that all these future is all these technological in

 

They all they all see the same end game and there's gonna be some sort of

please migration, migratory people, but it's been artificially on that historically

everybody saw this coming right, and so this big futurists, all the people that started field Fort before silicones,

who created the flash.

Mcluhan, I think it was in the nineteen seventy said that human beings are the sex organs of the machine world

and he was saying even back then that human beings are eventually going to integrate

or become something that's apart. What I'm telling you is there's a centralized system of water bill

What is it naturally occurs to? Who is that were artificial? He was really the

each believe they're getting off world honoured and building these things you just describing right now

and, if you actually rebate all the global say, if I was, you are the right. As you know, the show they are getting not offworld but entered

National communications too, didn't build. This system

 

we see lowers are iq, makes us live last. I've never makes his unhappy, but when you making these big statements like they ve getting into dimensional signals as telling them to create these systems that lower, I accuse that's somethin, you got a really prove

Where? Are you sure you're? Ok, please! If there's something you all, the studies show screening

I'm all the computers, lowering our cue lowering fertility, although here that it must not be right, there was not a case. Is that a case of is somebody here

a gun to your head? Let me tell you about me: I'm addicted this goddamn thing

of watching television videos. I love love, taking pictures shit. I love

while the determination of humanity. It has a lot of beautiful works. It does but I'll tell you the very addictive. The very directive

hold on a second? Let me stop you're right there

I don't necessarily think that's engineered to be addictive. I think it's engineered to be really well in the fact work really well and the fact that it works really well is very addictive. Just like little kids look at a screen, you put a fuck

 

television in front of them when there's one year old and early some stupid, commercial and they'll, I won't show they pay for it hold on a second nobody. Men are unknown, though they may better hold on a second. They made better and better

knowledge that we're not designed to absorb human beings of?

actually sit me with every day the exact

dna that we did ten thousand years the Atlantic and there was nothing like television. There was nothing like movies. There was nothing like stereo headphones and projected elicited Joseph rather you're going you're crazy, we're like it settled. Morleys you're interrupted my crazy rent,

telling you that this is a natural progression of this massive and

fatuous that we have the technology. They dont have to engineer it. Its natural

Do you have to say that any body whose looking cooler and cordiality attacks movies- all that

of is a natural energy jobs. Wouldn't let us kids play that I've had well, then he's a cut he's a cut.

 

But you, kids via the guy, is fucks wrong. That we set right ran, not disagree without you interrupted at ten times. You thought let a motherfucker ran like we're done rather than some don't know, shit

who cares about going about this? When I talk about the weather adding to their renewal, let me tell you right now: let me turn now

Claire,

my house down things being set up to control. Ok, what I'm telling you you mean you're talking about the elites and into dimensional signals of their receiving that are telling us to lower. I q. You can't just say that need proof. Ok, let me give you prove that

sounds so crazy by the well all its own

I wonder where the aliens also proved they honour. I, you know what it's really cool. The same computer simulations was, though, everybody talks about that everyone says you're, not you're, not nobody. There saying that will make you had your not easily easily,

yeah we're in a computer simulation. But then, when you talk,

Inner dimensional, like magical shit

 

wait. A minute. Exactly magic is a technology that has a majority exact,

we have the videos are fuckin magic for short gag. If islands in Ireland we you- and I can do right now- and we go look here- we'll do it right now. This is what's what we're gonna do. We're gonna go

right now you wanna talk some magic. Is this really is fuckin magic, we're going to do it

Grandma penalizing lived right now. We're doing in Amsterdam live we're doing like one little instrument of lorries, lions containing several wars, that this is a whole new design, new thing young, Jean Marie FUCK.

This has never Julia lighter alive.

Occasionally added pulling a you got a little longer than you. Let me go below them bad apples on

What's that we're gonna go out and find, and why a pen to our position

 

no, you know, is light weight of drinking coffee. I drank one of these kill. Cliff coffee drank one order of butter. Coffee did I go line. Is gone of drinking this air want conspiracy, conspirator somebody. I had two glass, the whisky, that's bullshit and these bitches european P

I stand holding something I'd, take credit to all break when it's all that stuff that those was his rent.

Sure we're going back to that she's deftly highs

Did we get the stuff about pause?

audience Tellingham, some fuckin, exactly crazy shit like oh, my god, I'm too tired, you're gonna get us all we got on my. I knew that was of key to make this park ass. Hooper special was what he asked.

 

The whisky himself, so he started deposit yours or has that is or that are not as a gentleman thousand live listeners. This is generally the latter yeah. There's a record a big time record. You actually two thousand lacquered holy shit. Gentlemen Jack is this: is they send us less right? Good? I mean good and in all his terrible, like

are you suck it on the devil's asshole disgusting me? That's gotta have the vote. A whiskey is that its disgust to tell I shall allow Instagram. I love a lot of people thought that this was a conspiracy because any went live on, Instagram live and you disappeared. So there was a lot of talk online ever existed. There are now confronted or about earlier inability, globalist, our John Hume, and they think we're about you, dumb animals, where the aliens their curing shot. They believe it's not aliens that international aid does that have to do with the loose

variant Freemasonry type Shut,

 

bones: stolen bone breakdown, free

as I know that the Albert Pike wrote the pre Mason Bible, he started mountains. A ferry and ships of your four remain until early in my hand, says they each other about the technical go for it or for tell me,

Albert, our pike annoying. I want to give every Joe here's a vague, Joe you you brought in right this point about I wilderness ITALY. Dear point, could you give us an obligation in the first place? We, but of the whole point,

about number we'd Alex

no man in ports and, above all, good. When you realize you, you went to deal with the aim of encouraging the smoke you talk and uptake of new entrants. I'm trying to download this, not yours, you're nice! Certainly I wanna be nice. Your great guy look, I

 

man. I'm happy to see what I'm telling you this is that the globalist admit a lot of this. It's in a lot of their white papers, all the report's women. It should give it to you. I will

they say they believe they're gonna become gods. The rest of us

profane about another shit about international beings, given him all the data when he says that, come there,

you. You know where the theory of

of the species

and were all the Darwin stuff came from

where he had elucidation unbelievable, given all the stuff from like demons,

I'm not saying that you are confusing Darwin Descartes knowledge, storm, didn't Descartes!

isn't he the one that I came out of the idea of silence science from a dream, love Darwins idea, came down what was like really into watch handling and stuff? Here, yes, in the guise of your generosity, actually does ok. What I would say is the calculate the guy that yeah a lot of those guys ass long ass. They get a technology, they believe

 

a friend of dementia people's lives here and now all about this much is have you Joe, and you sit there and act. Like you don't know. I forgot about right to give you all. It's all the information you have a say on the shelling, Joe no voters Mars, but you know I bring it up, then you say among others into dimensional, but I just want to know where its capacity has legitimately desolate small scale show me showed it showed Darwin image, but no

Jamie already known, although you probably know that I know the Darwins partner, the guy that developed the theory of evolution where there were they both have like a similar theory and together with it- and he was I Greeley and knew it to the point where you mustn't channeling. Also, it's weird stuff only knows this discredited him I'll, listen, you're, real, that's what they believe. I'm not saying it's real Siemens Gonna have me up your uplifting out its own of saint of saying they discredited him. They just put all the emphasis on Darwin. That's what you only know about Darwin. It's ok from working for me

 

that's faced him, but if we want to give up the aliens come, I know you think you're going

back to Gaza, we holier than I do. We do you gotta start there, which is spoken right. You don't know shit like this very right. I love it. I'm a man only just I pleaded nursing. If you look at this, that's what I'm telling you I dont believe it. Ok, I'm telling you study what the establishment Billy

None of my they all believe they're getting international staff should be your back to Dalton and Wedgewood and Huxley

recognize always names. If you go back to Darwin, Darwin wrote this these letters these publicly republican, reduce online from it.

National, your royal archives in England, stuff

all believe they were all part of a secret breed

programme or the british thought they would have liked a superhuman if they bread these six families together to live

create this? Like mainline british Extra, this violence is known, eugenics, etc, and then Galton

 

whose related always other guys in eighteen. Fifty see stars

these ideas. These says, there's a double helix was the snakes for for science and medicine, and he said we're gonna discover that

he's in the building blocks alive and he said, is going to call biometrics and will track everybody. By reading there, genetics is what Hitler freaked out about picked up and something,

Like a of the fourteen new sciences like half or more than half the sciences that came says, the eighteen sixty were all from Galton and all

Darwin so the media in the liberals, Gimme there's one thing: origin of species like

closing its water right. It's super having like galactic stuff. They give. This

you. This is only one little boil down bs it we'd. Have you gotta what these

really wrote. They were like inner marrying and involving wicked seances and channeling and and and

this weird ass, crap,

 

then they envisioned ok, was about what he likes. Dna discovered, ok, biometrics, ok, we're gonna, be ok, computers, ok, atomic weapons, Gimme the equations and they were

all them like going other scientists means ago. We believe, as a programmer you'd take different matter too,

other initiatives that will cause an explosion and it's like they were like. Given

either humans are super advance already had this knowledge or somewhere else in our genetics and were pure before and were able to them.

First MR genetic memories and archives or it was given,

of world, but humans like have

this data compacted and can press ready, like probe,

It was then called like the acacia record. Just like you mean all of that is is is a cautious and ethically fanatics. Here's the epigenetic they'll take chickens with eggs and new tin generation

a major universities that have never seen a hot and they put him in these. Like these

when you foot ceilings and I'll have a triangle

over a square flyover little baby chickens, networking generate

our generation go on for fifteen years.

 

They fly one hawk over and they all squawk yelling screw

may. I run into their nest now

I never saw hawk and never saw killer chicken declaration generation two June was was compressed data knowledge of the hawk that is

asked on genetically yeah. They say that's

children are always afraid monsters.

Tigers and bears used to be tat. My son just wants to be changed so much. He wants the practice getting away from a predator loves that the mouse he wants to get

where you can catch me,

everyone wherever it may sound predators. You can't fight thing, get the fuck away from that time

the zoo in China. I recommend you do that.

Sounds good news, fear of a good, not

even in my local, using analogy we want gloves you I'll I'll admit that I was like. Oh shit. We share a little

we but then

 

you're right about down you're bringing in Ukraine by the ideas about strong, keep a girl. You gonna good place right now. Keep a gun you talkin about

now you're getting into our pike, while he's the founder of the decades of top confederate General heavily Illuminati worldwide.

Time. So, let's establish something. That's like maybe people there

and this might go what the fuck are. These guys Ramadan that lot, exposing that supports establishes throughout history from the beginning.

Of organised human secret knowledge Folkestone. A passenger who has also been people can lie, ring to control whatever ass, a silent and people conspired to control whatever aspect of it, whether its political, whether it's the military, like whatever it is, there's always been that it's always happened has been military coups all throughout history. These

wars all throughout the United States should set a peaceful unbroke hausa I mean to the intelligence.

ITALY tall it out of economic loveless, he'd, eddies ass! You do

 

intelligence community leaked out what data they liked, although it here

Makes he's over her saying, aren't regionally broke out on saying that the Russians didn't do it now? Really. I know this.

Because the mainstream media seller hold I'm age, Joe Gimme a break to nine

No, actually, I don't know how you know if you ever have. You know me for like security, seventeen years, yes,

ever going to say I have a source, I'm gonna be honest. No, no no mean I've got

for supposing. I can't tell us how you know. Let's just say I got down today from a head of state and what he said I can tell you voted on time.

The point is, if you didn't tell me what the phrase we screwed up,

listed early, so cause products. By now russian diverse we mean on purpose. Matters must now that the hardline thank as theirs.

Intelligent people, like my students, like you hear that you believe the rush,

it's hard to beware how does so. Why must I believe that your? Why you saying that the intelligence agency leaked all this and not Russia.

 

Because I was told before it was all leaked by the former director of psychology.

Deliberations, the CIA come up, he told

you there's gonna be late yeah before I was never why, in view of the CIA,

a veritable from a CIA and as a defence intelligence, you name it over the years. I mean it.

The news that entirely possible general flan, former adage intelligence tweets on my articles. I'm not sure

Even some secret, I mean re enemy knows. The point is

that I'm she was honest person that understanding,

I'm out for humanity. I dont want peace

power, young and old people, but is

entirely possible emulate. How does it information like that get out? Well, there's an open rebellion,

The criminals have jacked our government, and so we overthrew the global.

Send Obama and we're taking em over in France and ITALY in Spain

in Greece. In the UK, though, I place we're on successful so far as Canada, so we just took Australia about, took us right

 

with the idea of Marie homage aside it. What does that mean see? Most people start brag about stuff, I'm telling you it's really you're, not wearing one of those who are still here I mean

mobile list are losing countries every month right now to the liberty mobile. What what says that these are what I would have you have all their then why do you and your family to be successful and aren't out

hurt you and make you poor like the globalist there's good people and they used the entire

oceans, agencies to defeat the global

there's been a major counter offensive and the global

made one wrong move it out at five years ago. It was. It was the system,

I, like four years ago, I've had

see I was blowers. All Obama show colonels special operations. You name it who were authorized by

I level senators come on my show they ran away

honor curve. There was a deal mainly radical Islam to actually take over Europe, and then the United States, and by that make us can not convert but submit, is law

not criticise. What are they blow stuff up? They thought they brilliance

You know new masculine arm, though it make us

 

met and it got so

even our own intelligence agencies that we had been corrupted settled.

It's too far, we're not doing it and so on

about four years ago, started coming back up for air and now we're just.

We're, throwing all system. There is a huge war going on beautiful. We we're kicking. There asked on every front now, like I said at the top,

it's a if it's that, at the dawn of a new age you work

ass George, W Bush current Obama

all your letter republic, our democratic you work for you.

Against government, but now it's a new day now the consumer,

seafarers, like yourself, you're, the king of em, we're pro government and the sheep. There

our protest in crime explain that, while I'm lonely trumps pervert key

really genuinely is like going and all these corporate and

one sided deals, there's no meetings dollars a lobbyist. He ban them all for lifetime here

 

literally, goes on with actual worries and computer programs and

with sugar and eyesight technology that, even before he was an

He says, cuz, the generals came to him years ago there. So we deliver all almost everybody. We don't wanna make America poor. We don't want to have big wars, who wonders tat, prosperity, sir? We ve got

next to free energy. All these technologies cures for cancer, we're ready to release it. That's why talk about the state of the union or his his first inaugural and does it will be the second and he just really cares about humanity and he's not a say

he doesn't like ripping gives you like super hard. They show european women.

Once that there was a little girl. You know just he somebody now to get humanity and he's got the intelligence agencies totally back into the hill

and it's just a super epic moment to be life. What's going on so forward, trot

hold on one second. So what do you think

 

Gwen you you said earlier in the podcast, you don't think it's perfect right. What do you think he could do different? That would make people accept

well, I said last what he should do about. Torture treat his next day just magical areas,

designs? And you came up with the idea that what did you say this about tortures Zeit guys and I'm in design guys so in that zone

as you can see everything right, even though you're like just a normal person, you can live

Looking at any avenue anyone your take on it is that it's good to have him in, despite whatever flaws people may proceed. Well, he wants prosperity and he's not a part of the system that he replaced

while there are legacy and he likes full grown women. Ok, I believe that you can have say that

for now, but I'm just I'm just Georgia and most people are serious. Both like they're, like eradicate out your backyard and torture for couple weeks. The kid map gaiety,

 

we're sure they re always thought that would combine emails what's going on in like well, these are kind of exhaust or about every time for you to get in there. Some of these are damaged.

Look I'm up even going on. I believed you look. I don't know what we take us in. A big old guy comes into just breaks their jobs. So any central point after we gonna, oh yeah. What? If successful is an entire route, like a lot of people, aren't just gettin in dire right now, they're getting take

right now about the Vatican. They are, then. What is I was that worries about in their own country level, stop trapeze the devil, stopping it. You think we ve got stopping that's the Vatican's gather,

pet of all central issue. Their pants overdrive. The Vatican is so bizarre, Yacu trunk, going after the vat against a country Gracie amount. It is easy

Why? Because I wouldn't want you this is this is what they Alex. I always thought,

 

How weird is it that everybody South Park is making a goddamn episode about them?

pedophiles nobody's investigating, what's goin on here. So to me you didn't you

conspiracy of silence. I documented they never got worries about the whole network. They realize. Oh shit, note the reason my

opinion is the reason. No one's getting arrested at the vat again at a high rate. Anyways is because everybody at the top is involved.

Let me with the Good NEWS, I'm not here to kiss the asked the establishment, alot patriots in the government

I have always criticise, ended up being the people that heard me better.

You betcha do something they done something in there,

really trying to reverse this whole thing right now and there is a full out war inside the government of guys like each stakes, drink beer and haven't women versus a bunch of pot belly pitfalls. Oh Jesus Christ. What's really fucked up

Is it the people that, before the Sandusky thing came out, the people rounded problem,

 

heard rumors. That's probably someone to talk someone. It says something, but nobody really wanted to believe it. Well in that area,

did happen. Well,

spurs your silence. Is a documentary can wondering I another guy released they're talking about the base, the headquarters of the pedophile network? That's that's an international network

is in Omaha Nebraska at boys town. They they like taken orphans, orphans, there's different levels. There's guys

we didn't want any trouble. They does what words and can only send Annesley cycles. They want to go kidnap. There's like that.

Hard core people, and you know what they're top officials and in every aspect of government and a celebrity. It's not everybody, but it's enough said there's enough

 

bull involved that nobody's investigating anybody, because they're all involved, they all better, keep their mouths shut. So crazy. Something gets the level of the catholic church got to where the notary Vienna here, and we must prevent a conversation myself, an ultra yes sure go fail out of use minimum

We do it. She who cares media, madam, he was wrong. I know my one of those who had a drink of this is a time areas is go now. Trump basically said we're going to clean it up Alex. We know all about it, Alex stop him.

Am, I am we're gonna do it. They also said Obama's from Kenya, while that was when that's a huge intelligence, hop you

the right that, don't you know about Reagan, it was also about our security. Software. Now can tell you the full scoop on that right. Would you think up now know exactly what they told him? The bomb was from Kenya, they fucked with them on a yes,

 

Ok, I was gonna tell a transfer, but if you do that, Google, to my mind, I was to learn from storage and we'll go regularity store

bravo: yeah Jamie, you better add extra just times here, Joe Apple juice. What it would

maybe not Alex Command a cigarette. One crisis

Give me five hours. If you pay Miller, Dreyer Minors, I might have

Gambling is another dimension of yours seven years, so we only use about say what was that what was issued Jesus Christ do remember what the question was Jamie. What Donald Trump

told you now? That was an as yet no you're about to say what Donald Trump told you know knows about. You want to know about something else, what they want

but let's leave but hold on a second leave off fuckin with my memory. What was it you

Just you are just give up, I'm not the only one I shouldn't have Emory, not an hour to discuss,

 

The terms are not we term Jamie's gonna figured out Jim. You can figure out what is it that will not come into

I was gonna tell him on twitter and we'll figure this out. Jesus Christ and then

right, is problem with being too

and talk and reach us was about to tell us how you know your machine government trump card. They were at a hundred times a week on average known for a long time to our show known this year. Long as progress, we will definitely Peter out with

than now look for ever do it is.

No one knows what the fuck we're just talking about a minute

How do we are only partially all forget your question, because we're blasted knew better. You gonna Kyar, dispensary

 

Man is so you were talking about the vat again we're talking about pedophiles and the Catholic Church Certificate. That's right, the all powerful to react telling what that does not place. We're not ashamed of this because I got conned were not what I would call vocabulary every once in a while

I admit it later. We learn from our Nokia. What happened did Buzz

don't let it go on out. We told you a funny Bonanno Kenya, Kenya,

Well, ok, Kenya,

everything I want to say your listers can write this down. They can search engine everything I want to say, and

choose for themselves, because all the journey within four wars is. It is not that I'm that smart, I'm just like you I'm having this journey, and I want to show you so this is what our ok Obama's runner for office and Hilary people have fallen is everyday Hilary campaign.

 

This letter came out, push up he's born in Kenya and I'm like a screw her. I was quietly and I'm really ashamed of this, but I told listeners this on the said I was. I was literally on Obama supporter in

wanted to try to unify people. I didn't like John Mccain Sassetta he's bad

rats your bad, but I hated what had happened so Mozilla fooled by Obama, to where I was

all right, let's get a little time and it was an Obama support. I didn't attacking you liked it better than the alternative yeah indebted pushing for office. I was just like hoping that always be a shrill show short here and there.

Leagues, that was from Hilary legal Google to sit Hilary first progenitor,

aided the whole all deal show I'm sure,

 

their hearing dead, dead, she's born in Kenya, something out of here that's much bs and then the article start coming out as the right wing picture, that does the research and its his wife and my two thousand and six and seven in speeches going. My husband born in Kenya knows about the immigrants experiences video. You can pull up machine

we have brought up and then and then Harvard LAW Review, which he headed up for at least three years. He was the editor he says I was born in

A little bit. He bore, buys penury. Oh yeah says he wasn't born. Can you would like it?

so that was just like pizza. Get it let us finally,

 

are now that no double cross its, not not pedophilia, behold islets hearsay testing, which is still plaguing so many of our communities, which you all know a lot about, is due to homophobia. Iraq has lead by example. When we took our trip to Africa and visited his home country in Kenya. We took a public HIV test.

For the very point of showing folks in camera, that doesn't mean that he was most likely liner club. He just found that fast,

another where she said enters the Harvard LAW Review, which he

where he says. I would warn against ok we'll that, but it should have.

There was she soon as his homeland like a year from Ireland,

and I want to go back to ITALY or Ireland or yeah, that's only when they called the homeland, but because it was just going on about recovering. Can you shrimp approach? Has ever get area so you're drunk on involving all that

 

Aubert's report will join Nano was so. How did it? What did someone like leaked out information him to try to make him look foolish because he chased after yes show

or just researchers out of my family, my foolish so do you think they just may be made an incorrect that we found out all about it. This is stunning information show.

People want to say, he's illegitimate. They then

get him in a Harvard LAW review change, one again you they look at clubs. They look at the facts. You want really

name name, Barry Soetoro in Indonesia.

And always work cut out names or like five aliases

why they wrote than he wrote dream. Look it up zero hour, he wrote dream

my real father run our dreams. My father reasonable follows the documentary and energy does not Frank Marshall Davis, the communist famous pornographer tat he spit.

Farmers. Will you look side by side sustained guy, so they were worried. That was very frank, Marshall Davis, but it actually,

 

in his mom in, like a scam make it.

Lay off, she would see. I bring that people that you ask it sham marriages to have them emigrate. It was basically a cover up with effective, is real. Father was fright, Marshall Day was the communists, and so

to a bomb is real. Dad was enraged. Viral father breaks it all down its online, its prey powerful info

So what does that mean?

Just as a perfect example of you're not born in Kenya, you're really born in Hawaii on them. You know main city based I'll,

I learned how allude to Frank, Marshall, Davis right and your grandfather, CIA, your mother, she I that's all the declassified air, this kind

Prs mom was a CIA area. What was would she do for this?

she was a sex operative now and and and sheep

as for news, photos, Betty page style with sex operators in photos

fright, Marshall Davis was house, and you know

 

because you see these are very visible.

All involved. I've read dreams of my father where he admits. I stated Frank: Marshall Damage this house. He was like my dad, my grandpa

I had a special unspoken relationship of their markets, look up, Obama, Frank Marshall, Davis,

or Obama real money? You thought about? What do you think about the conspiracy theory that the Obama was like bread

by the CIA the whole way through otherwise troops on third, a really

We said she. I e that just means like a marketing project of whoever was in power at the time.

For eight years. Who was in charge of that? Whoever shows interest can go

then his basically me involved.

And rolling the levers of the social

engineering other society. So what does that have to do

Obama growing up did

we're those rumours that he was at an end

a CIA agents in Pakistan, while he was supposed to be in Colombia, we

 

he probably exactly probably spent six months, the others a supposed father Brok for Speranza second versus right, Marshall, does her. I think you looks more like the other brok. Ok, well, look up the linear look.

Frank Marshall, damages pornography and is- and I will do no such thing Obama's mother clear.

In the Motors grant he allowed his book dreams of my father.

Many many stayed with fright. Marshall day was ok but but listen, that's not the issue.

We what I asked you, though, to get back to where we start from was why did Trump chase? After that whole, he was born in Kenya, shit for

because he knew a shiver hot with the public and he wanted to know the

answer to it as well and didn't like two things: Obama was done, who it was a weird thing:

because if you were a guy who was a white guy and we wanted to prove your burnt born Austria but

 

you had some birth certificate that said, you're born United Sates spoke perfect, English, but yet a square jaw. You look like you're from the frozen north. This mother, Fucker isn't free from

Austria, dude, I'm telling you it's from fuck in Austria, and then someone like made a big deal out of it and gave you like a fake birth certificate, and people wouldn't do

never hear racism, then interesting, like you were here,

yeah, this guy might really I've been born. Other minded and something that I wouldn't worry residents are get bits of ratio been instantaneously, gets connected to racism does an assumed racism with almost

Why is it color, Morocco by any accusation? I love Jimi, Hendrix use Music

What color is long watch hours of rest, our pretty good

good Zile. All of that show. I'm telling you is yours:

Frank, Marshall, David Central. I believe it is in its crack you how conclusive it is my mom and dad are we talking about

five years ago? That's crazy! Let us see the film about who they are

are they were blown away, but listen. Let me with the big picture. Please the elite admit that

 

They are studying humanity like their breakaway civilization, they believe they're taking the best tat is manatee and building

breakaway civilization of technocracy show they can train

send us. I want the public to know the decision has been made

Tom you down, Vulcanize Utah,

Are you against yourselves? Have regional wars play people off against each other?

and then basely released by others that wipe out both the population poking, while the allowing transcendent genetic pause is right here who are the Elite

like, when you say the elite, who are these people and how did they get together? They hold on a second. How do they all agree? Who votes to

how they decide, which our material in Taipei Super billionaire characters like runnin shit. So how did they get together and all agree on the south side of agendas that will empower their individual agendas and are pretty much let into those power structures? Earlier

 

side of them because they are a burger. Bizarre, build a burglar alarm of Rome builder burger at the Club of Rome Davis Club of Rome. Is a population reduction. Ruby,

do not enforce dot com right now. There's an article in a video I cut about over whimpering are not things about person here,

these part of a secret eugenics group, although I can stop right there. Oliver, I said I'm not saying she's a bad person but as he is part of a secret eugenics trip everywhere, that some are really hydropower like killing weak people.

In the hope of a really good person, though yeah

That's a larry! I dislike absolutely so you can go there. It's the truth, while over went very ok and adjust deals with its new sawing, Oberlin, free and secretly your face, you Excelsior with the other toilet, you think she's in secret meetings, with like the build up our group was. She admits that okra to report that they had met on the news to reduce population.

 

I we looked at first live like that, but when assessing the brightness blight now, when somebody areas that can hold please when suddenly

Her says something about reducing the amount of illegitimate babies born or them out of babies are born because there's no birth control. A lot of

or on a statements, get construed into population control she's in this area. Only then people start sand she's in the population control, and that means was shown. The sacred meetings and she's push

and she's tax, I'm not a no secret meetings. Are you no secret me image? I don't you go to this link that we like to have you ever been in one s, eager meaning at its regular? Why do you hear what they said? Yes did you stay said they want to kill half the people now

they say that was really not you believe me rather wasn't. I remember that

that was the house real shit. You know big Fuckin, Jim Brown types did mean that is like. If you want to go back to leg conspiracy, theory fuel, like people,

excited about something when you find out

 

There really are a bunch of global. It leads to get on the ranch and they got a fuckin giant stone our

and they burn up a bundle of wood in effigy and they all where fuckin masks and shed, and then you actually have video footage of it and is weird

sort of a ceremony they're doing and whether a is ethnic or not that easy or pretending it is would have wished

however, it is its crazier and I was like

and they hijack leeward as yet go into that. How did you sneak into the bohemian grow? Those amazing while people,

I wish. I was sadly levy, and it was quite like that we have inside her wanting to get me and actually see it, and most people are bad go to it. But the point is it's kind of a gateway into

all of this maize, and so this is? U apple. He mean Grove and you're in your on the other side of liquor. Looks ILO ponder something as ill. Frida plenty goes beyond all care. May fire make merriment with your dust meagre? No, it was so

strange. It was so bizarre, listens

 

a guy in the speaker, blaring out across the garage I play it put lit. What's with places

was water runs here

something to play for high school. It is it's all play, but we're late

it started that work as as

we entertainment. So what are you

This is just some really ancient ritual that their redoing. I thought it was no big deal too. I was in the crown of old man that risk lavishing. They were like loved and actually ejaculate in their pants. Such advice. You sure project

We now know they were like did ecstasy. What is it about p?

all that love those secret societies. I remember that J F K speech about secret societies will not tolerate yet a fuckin beautiful speech why they guessed

 

pull up Jimmy Pool of J of CASE bureaus evils. I want power over others. Adele crave, shrine secret essence right, they're, looking for that, seek replace them most. I yeah no absolutely nets, but that's just like your time

about pedophiles. Just like it. You know any other deviant

There are no winners. Lingering yeah, I want to go in a big pile of stakes,

I bear on a nicer, has cranked up. Ladies and gentlemen, the very worried secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society, and we hours of people inherently an historically opposed to secret societies.

The secret oath and a secret proceeding on by myself jail Transatlantic put this item of you were an angel is excessive and started about secret societies. A pertinent facts far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it even to

 

There is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it, and there is very grave danger that in announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment that I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control,

and no official of my administration, whether his rank is high or low civilian or military, like should interpret my words he had, and I kill as an excuse to censor the news to stifle descent. They knew it to cover up our mistakes or withhold from the press and the public. The facts they deserve to know

 

We are opposed around the world here. It is by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence on infiltration instead of invasion on subversion instead of elections on intimidation instead of free choice on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day it is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly Nick

 

highly efficient machine that combines military diplomatic intelligence economic size started about common political operation. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headline its dissenters, silenced, not praised. No expenditure is question. Nor rumor is printed. No secret is revealed. No president should fear public scrutiny of his programme. For from that scrutiny comes understanding and from that understanding comes support or opposition and both unnecessary. I am not asking your newspapers to support and administration, but I am asking your help: pushing the tremendous task of informing and alerting the american people

 

for. I have complete confidence. We until then that's a that's such a crazy speech, because it's him talking about the structures that were already in place and about the dangers of withholding information for people and him being forthright as apply

as an end in a way that we ve never heard before sense. I gazed literally talking a jail tramp tramp tramp spring and I dont know what to tell you. Well, let me listen.

Winkler he's talking about our own military, industrial, complex and Eisenhower. Just warned about his outgoing predecessor. He thought about this

is there at the same time he was really smart, cookie,

the eyes and our warnings where the creep use things inhuman, oh yeah, about them, really where the military council, you have k that sounded like you signed by Communist pull up, I shall how warns of the military industrial Complex Walter US. He did it, but just be good, but there's a clip that just has that so

segment of it. We only saw four year. There was a lie. He says there is a scientific, technocratic elite. That is it

 

and of all information about to shut it down the public, and then they will

control the military?

she'll, be where the military yields in the military was bad right. He said these ten military industrial genesis we're about it.

Control over the scientific people, Dolly about saving and finally,

it goes it Jamie. This is they address. Rudder is my fellow. We now stand in years past the mid point of a century that has witnessed for major war among greatness.

Charles right type, Eisenhower, military industrial, Complex Frazier.

He's. Gonna say it in here somewhere, but it's a three minute speech at sea

save any suicide Alex, it seems like tromp, everybody got us more people, it indifferent points of their life. They begin to realise how much

any lies. I been told they begin to wake up, they're, not totally woke up, but they begin to wake up, and then they find

 

about nine eleven, but don't believe all this other shit, and then they find out about this, but I don't believe in all that other than they find about that and then

the very high level that the dude there's like yeah

All this shit is true. If you could follow the money, it's probably true.

Might be wrong one or two or three times, but generally we're dealing with a totally crooked situation. That's what are they doing there, not stolen money from corporate

patient, you still money from a corporation, is going to come after. You kill you with what they're doing it's. It's the master,

of stealing tax money. That's what this is all about:

This is stealing tat. Nobody because nobody's gonna go after you still time.

Why are you get all these programmes in these bills? Pass was play this girl, Jim

 

military contracted the tax payers pan for all their lives are good, are all involved. So is the very structure of our society in the councils of government, or must we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought by the military industrial complex, the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exist and will persist. We must now

let the weight of this combination endanger our liberty or democratic process to scratch. If they'd, let that out like it was so tat. If you think about this back in that

early days of radio in the early days of moving pictures

only refer to all the members that where they hurt at all,

The elite had access to this

acknowledging moving pictures. Radio right from the gig go wrong.

From data. When I want to get right from

 

they want. It wasn't like your average guy was trying to help you manatee the guys who had

technology, where I am

believe. Whatever the fuck we say back in the day,

you'd, listen the radio, those news reports or when the movie pictures were rendered madness. Yes, that's what I'm talking about right, wouldn't go tv movies, radio and all of it was propaganda. Origin would never left out.

On his aliens involve an historically talk about propaganda lies in our had l, L eminent sir, come to him who loves the chairman,

George. You tell him in search of his now just Google operation- or I know about that sure shouting

German. They said we all want.

Terror attacks in America and sort of war or the Soviets cycle?

another evil the we're going to do that so far

Kay comes here, the same guys, gonna make him do it. He refuse so they kill him

 

while they wanted to have drone jet liners and blow them up and blame it on the Cubans, not alone they wanted to arm Cuban Friendly's an attack Guantanamo Bay? They had a bunch of really crazy shit planned when you re

as one of its operation northwards was, and he really

this assigned by the joint she's scare staff. It scared the shit out. Eu legislation is real world talking here. We're talking here. Does it doesnt? Let's get a shit? Are you there,

Well, there's an unfamiliar mind that is still today. It's two thousand. Seventy doesn't a blow. Your minded. People still think that nine eleven happen

the way it what you will get to dine eleven on racial northwards is a hundred percent principle that crazy acted declassified. Two thousand

when people realise that that was a real documents. U S! Government plan to star wars, Russia and She'Ll- be my blog, Moby theatres.

Have you as military bases, kill american capital till american military people hijack Jed's crash him have seen

 

get on board of faint plane? Lands? Are the real plane lands of fake plain attacks? Was it was nine love eleven

just bananas, that someone would actually sit down. I liked by patriots six.

Before, and I love a drive to stop. It really

I'm not saying islamic terrorism real something blushing than did it.

Some super dark state group,

Congress shall have the twenty eight pages, vindicate nine slash, eleven truthers that Saudi Arabia with people that they had gotten to convert to Islam and paid off of their trillions, and they got trillion

had joined them and some larger plan to blame. I rack

their countries that were not radical, so Saudi Arabia could take em over who, who put

together, nine eleven shy Arabia, Muslims, I'd ourselves with anybody, so

in a very these other kinds of the outer to happen in the? U S and the? U S wasn't involved. Of course,

well, who is in

All who are the key players in nine eleven. It's it's totally compartmentalize show you run a drill of the

 

world Trade Center and the pudding arming attack on that day, so that the plan

Angel told one around our judges. That was a drill that was supposed to be run that day and all came out, a drill that was

Bout, an unreal it rains. I wasn't repulsed false flags. It seems like ok, we're gonna do false lag. We need to set up

the drill they need. A drill going on about voting require it's ninety nine point. Nine percent of the government was involved because of computers. It was a test, then it is to have a hundred times more staff,

No one will know cause it's all remote activated the jets by them we're all remote control every jet for twenty five years. The big new ones has control. Moreover, control

it's all its old, it's crazy man, there's just

snow or unmanned. Absolutely

 

well now there man, it's just taking the go on autopilot, stupid violence. If you think about a remark, is dumb. It's bad members will remember what you said about the drone gentler engineer. We're gonna blow that jet liner and blame it on the Cubans that wasn't gonna be a gentler. Philip peoples can be a drone, have the capability? Nineteen sixty two of doing

which here, how did the outer doubted Robert Kennedy, your jail caged elder brother, who was Joe Junior, die

He was quite a fighter plane remote controlling to be

contained blow with explosives as drowned crash in Germany.

They had drums and world war to Jesus Christ. They had drones and world war, two

what were they powered by Google Cave Kennedy? How did you

get a junior die.

Does it mention ever germ seem like, can only their father now jokingly, Junior, the crazy thing about the Kennedys is. Is you know if you

 

lot of times you see criminals come from like a good family,

And then you see Robert can

John F Kennedy. They come from Ghana,

this data is a gangster straight up mafia

Then he has two kids. They thought they had, I'm under control, Greece from a mafia family

nay, here's, the owner of the mob guy is a guy named joy, and it is now we're because it's like you're the opposite of your parents, like you want to go against your prayers. So Robert Kennedy,

and John F Kennedy. They want again

that shit

Rachel

the only reason over individual them out my support. Bab stole Illinois formerly and ass, the man imported John,

Kennedy was hanging out with Frank Sinatra, then all of a sudden he flipped- and you know what he stopped hanging out- Frank Sinatra.

He started changing his ways. Something flipped did. Did he ever kid died?

something like that is that they make something made. Em flip, I thought I'd read some.

 

Could be total Bush, also how it could be that he had a son

the die than made him flat. We're gonna go to Joe Kennedy Junior here. You feel you guys that could make you think so

We therefore assure your kid dodge you're like fuck this

I'm Goin varies very nice all right, yeah you. I thought this work could be worse. Working

my son already died. That's what we're there weren't! You d come after you,

you like, a fuckin Apache savage with nothing to lose

Joe Kennedy Junior was killed in action while serving as a land based patrol bomber pilot and world WAR two and with passwords

We awarded the Navy Cross Alex Jones, throw endowed Alex just dash. Do your fucking

you're on fire. This was

was three hours of theirs people out there. Just now, you don't believe you notice laying down

 

they're like game. A mother, fucking thrones gear. Yes, you are all I know is there's people in the government. They want to empower people and their trundle good job.

I'm, not anti government. I don't have a good constitutional government and the truth is, I couldn't believe one in my penis contacted me up

reach our budget reserve of came to me out of the aren't sea side. Like the number one passes nobody had read passes, I go behind a she's, always Tommy, but back in the bag deal

the secret service. Again there sits Gub I'll come up with

tell somebody Hilary gave us a contact. Number Linux, mother and contact you about a month later.

I got a contact to go. Can you come down? Cuz nothing's digital can come down and meet at this place, so I can go down and meet that will meet one of my other people as well as where they work was like they're hitting both sides of operation.

And, I said to me: Hillary has seizures like every thirty minutes. She's got an ambulance as black. She falls down all the time. Just have your people at her event will see her falling down. She covering it up

 

sure enough. A month now set on air. A month later she falls down a road cameras. We had footage, wait before it.

Cleveland again saying pleasures back to lose key battleground and she

was there for an hour in this emergency tat? Were they with ambulances and stretchers? Some tony I mean

real sources that really

care about what is happening in this country and every

They told me was dead on you know a scary,

My government lakes, let's go

go back. I also you bring an hour. The Hilary thing

very bizarre because nobody was supposed to mention it, but you weren't supposed to mean

that's just fallen down shows that weird, like gas and algae and heritage of ammonia. They said. Oh, she had pneumonia. Let me take some other pneumonia. You know it I haven't done. I have an ever walked and just fallen down while walking

Billy freighters the background and this risky, its known

two thousand twelve hours for Eleanor. Had she got of severe concussion. That was where Ayn Rand, urging for my sources. We asked John Hospital for year them

 

she was now. She was fucked up for six months. Aquareine Clinton bill. She associations, we don't know where she is

and then meanwhile, I'm told her she's falling, not all the time she looks like hell on tv

and then secret service says. Look you've got the people, get up off your ass and follow her. So we follow her in like five cities we didn't catch it. We were in New York, they sneak her out. She falls down having epilepsy every fifteen.

Study manage. The point is my intel was good. They gave us

info. So what are the elite thinking, they're, gonna put

somebody with epilepsy its answer, but do you think that it was just

Their idea was sheen hold togethers anything rather than their citizens. Take just one or two get her through get all those girls like, oh my god, everything's gray, and then they pass all these mother fucking bills, and it was I

seem to me that when all this was happening, that people so desperately wanted to not look at it, because the alternative is Trump, it wasn't it

 

taken an objective, look at angle, while maybe she shunned ready black and out, and then you consider that man

of head injury that she had two thousand twelve, which is real. It's a fact of life,

When you bring that up dogs, they think if you bring that up, you can achieve

people's opinion and you're gonna help trump. When voting that logically glittered, like little self conscious print to monitor, started erotic, which cameras about Trump that one too so that we can give action idle claims,

have all the answers, and I'm not here to boost your trump cuz, I'm tied to his wagon five pack trap how to make more money. This isn't about money. It's about the trip,

Tromp really has tried to cut taxes, it make people successful wealthy. He really does

care about the average person, the elite of central planning slave people to make folks poor and all

Asked you to do is get past. Thinking that you're part of this

Our fishermen are you're smart, because your aunt Trump Mass you'd actually look

is really being going on and understand that Democrats Republicans come and go summer, gossamer bad. The whole power structure

 

has been against Trump for very serious reason. Trump is coming

after them

really is attempting to bring down this whole global system, and that's all

A regular sides want you're viewers measures. Now, I'm not some

We lack life, you should only raised him being its bush. I wish Obama would have been real. The points they got to Obama would drop. He doesn't give a shit

They admit their offering a money, everything he doesn't less. So you think what

could he sees you, Obama could have been is who he was when he was running for office that he was a radical element of change. Hope and change,

to close down Guantanamo Bay. He wanted to do all these things, but one July at all,

here, the groove our oppose nerve and about during his administration the d A decide

to not take marijuana off.

Schedule, one everybody knows it

schedule. I was the cover. Gradual one means no medical, you

please don't like electronic means, that's what it means to be schedule. One, that's crazy that marijuana sketch one when it's the most useful out of all the dish.

 

In very silly smart. You are Joe. You smoke marijuana lot about yourselves markets deftly not bad! I'm just smelling, and I gave a thing here. I know you can visit less had serious. That's all I'm telling you it lets trump about water.

Conversations about let the people now I mean tromp really wants to make poor people, ridge,

He really wants to defeat collectivism, relativism he hates all the

bashing, my family and what's collected

the new world order collectivism is this thing like you're, not individual you're, like part of a group and Trump cards

and I can't stand sees a businessman. Business deals, we're China has like thirty, five or six

and she tariffs on us. There's no way get even compete and their shut off our power plants with regulations, but not there's one.

We do that, then. What what is the reason? Why? Because our relates under quite frankly under under under Kissinger and and and the courts,

 

The president, who is in that next,

They made a one sided deal for a leads to go: make deals with China on their billion plus slaves.

That kind of sending me they're, like slaves to leverage out

ass the whole world's industry and trumped doesn't like this. One sided deals. We sang listen, we're not gonna impoverish, America,

Power America and actually use american power,

my freedom worldwide. So let me get this.

Four guys like needed all protocols alone. Promises like

what you're saying is in Layman's terms the elite that the people in power

people that have the green light power to sign these treaties. They were may be offered couple meal

couple meal there in front of sign this to sell.

The country out, so that they can make ten million five mail there build anything like that.

 

You ask, colonise by corporate, take over artists and trumpet the instead f you so we're detector

global system they built for nothin, taken away from them and have the true new amount

Can millennium, not the new century? You listen to his

we have the time if you wanna play, is eighteen minutes share to the union,

big STAR or not alone. I'm gonna play that already deals with Fidel his here

his his global

nah eurasian speech. He lays the whole beautiful bechamel

and so if anybody ever wanted to actually have some money trying to make them great and wealthy and powerful it's Donald Atra. That's why the whole

eight, the whole power structure, Hollywood, all pedophiles, every damn demon, every pot bellied one inch fucker

You know they are all against tromp, because he is pro human and he wants to dominate always people. It is active, album

He won't benefits of the ego every now and then ever known

 

He's only helped him run here, offers it any. He talks to you in any calls you right, I mean that's. It uses the other people. You know people think they don't know our Jones. They believe the mainstream media when they try to crucify me and say that button quack and is it well Alex you need honestly, is someone attemper you you

need me right next to you all the time to balance your car powerful. This is you.

Being right there that you're, like the fucking shit on calm down on you, gotta bio suit on you, fuckin Ray

God, you're like okay. We need this alien to benefit our humanity, but I gotta put this guy

damn vile Sudan, because you ve gone crazy, just scattered, discovered to steer them occasionally.

Just give you get on rats and you'll you'll could connect for five different, non related subjects

 

that's that's beautiful guy that does guy the does die otherwise go right after ran after ran after redwood no teleprompter. Only guy that could do is

is that your mother? She was just use rise, and here I am actually very uneasy that Joe is finished all my sentences and knows more than I do, and its

similar action on. He doesn't know all I don't know more than you do me now. You know more than just as much as I know. Every document every secret programme report may do all out of universal holes using this at all, even fog of that you are really listen. Microsoft, buildings sector above all x, Ray Comic Micro, scar, pig.

Bacterial atomic split the goddamn critical mass comparative Joe Rogan, I'm nothing! Nothing and I've talked so much

shit about conspiracy theories that I feel like. I need to shut the fuck up, because I don't want to

 

for all of us rather new areas, shades of the others?

questioning on your own, the mystery and I'll just receiving the priest cleared up yes, but I'm not trying to walk away from my pockets.

Nobody out that nobody was listening, but now people want me to go back there. Nobody, but listen. I don't want to

be a conspiracy guy like you, I don't want to be there, but

Listen to you and you are my canary in the goddamn com as long as you're alive I feel like,

ok to say it, but I'll tell you this. Every time I come to you, the fight companion do Joe Rogan experience. I swear

oh god. I tell myself this this fight companion, no mother, fucking crimson

 

is there a pleasant level alive? I call joke and I'd call they have dropped by combating illegal, Joe Emily, but suddenly good news, because I want you to discuss whether we organise something in me wants to help people for some reason and a lot of times my enemies like flock, damn make a fuckin. You know to be blocked them, and am I damn it? I just walk away because I am compelled

help, but I'm trying to make money. I've. Conspiracy theory: I gave a conspiracy theory pop goes right now and I'll be ok, I'm not even try to do that. I don't want to do that. I don't wanna, be they got a lot of EU, but something inside me

the fuckin money, stolen, someone's question, I gotta son

I want to make sure: did I fucking do ever

then I can for him because out of work,

I don't want to leave him with some shit that I could change

 

inside of me, I'm like on the firm saw, the time which are full of wonder. Therefore, when you oversell yes, because of your oversell than you actually turn people the wrong way, they look at any conspiracies it being preposterous, even the ones at a real like sand. Dusky, like the catholic Church, like some

the other ones. Before there's a ton of unlike pastor, who is the speaker, the Fuckin House, pedophile, there's been a

lot of firing, so it's really good at ourselves, but then I can hold on a second Eddie. It's really critical. Whenever you discussing s things, you get all the fuckin ducks in order before you pick aside its super import,

because any time you make some crazy claim and it's connected tokens.

Piracy theory and proves to be wrong. If Fox, with all

ones that are now you're here late. I'm all right Marie! I would understand level Santa buildings,

also a saying that it's like there. I hurt me there that dumb there

our a joke? It's a joke. Me man,

 

it should not yet I gotta isn't beforehand thereof

fine Melissa, getting no somewhat more serious, now yeah, but I don't know they're, not some other Alex. Let me ask you something really quickly. Very importantly, ass, a super important at act like

I was trying to say this earlier, but we had to go back and finish that mob this very important I I teach I got students all over the world

I got schools all over the world.

All my students, or will start to wake up. You know that's like a metaphor.

Firstly, there was like a different times. Some are just ended, we for Jujitsu, but they believe

see an inside out a precise. It takes three years and the like: oh shit, they started more weight and damn they're all all over the conspiracy. Everybody awakens at a different point, no matter how smart they are,

get your masters your phd. You could be all I'm a scientist or whatever, but you're working for the government and you in thinking about but listen, listen. Do you think? I'm gonna do that.

 

Donald Trump is in the middle of an awakening, gunners reawakening by percent real,

he's, like is Z, in the middle of an awakening. Yes,

because if you could have easily been a billionaire too much to you,

ago. Could who bought

the mainstream shit, but he was a billion or even give a fuck about the mainstream. He's cutting deals, blown on terrorism, but now at some point, no matter where you walk, no matter how smart you walk, you awaken a little little by little and I from Donald Trump knows, which way the wind is going.

And, as Julius Caesar in in in the famous play

Shakespeare of Julius Caesar. There is a tide in the affairs of men were taking the fleas on the porch or, as Mark TWAIN said,

getting a patriot scarce man. I hated scorn but scorn for the tablets cost exceeds it costs. Nothing is going to patriot. So here's what you

happening right now, there's a major shift happily and tromp really wants to empower the people global.

 

And so

I'm trying to get at is it

some really big things are happening in this way

oil, and people, watching should

conservative or liberal do you'd, stop dressed ivy from what do you want

say globalism. What do you mean by that pleased to find that

the lesson is like NEO colonialism, but its corporate colonial,

some over humans in

visuals government states old world.

New world its world

Colonial Rothschild, rather than national its monopoly

Is it rots, dominated populations and create?

centralized systems of monopolies and control was too in innovation. It was to end up

mobility widely lawnmowers in his answer globalism corporate world government? What do they want to stop innovation

because they see how suburban they see it.

They call disruptive technology and humanity soap.

Powerful you ve already got a monopoly. So is this a reason consideration after it has been an internet has been marketed levels:

 

Maybe he s ok, you're, partly through since they ve

We got control, they want competition in their own country.

They don't want challengers. They seized control, human psyche, human development to the star

they ve got it all that they go to get rid of humanity, renewing gods, whatever dimension there too,

and told them, so they want debates to end and they want authoritarianism they want and what we have in the Balkans.

And how is how is Donald Trump Gonna? Stop this a bulky mafia

you, don't you see it as making both from Africa the harder you holding it happens, Alex how you hoping that what has gone wrong. I have to do with blocking chances. Are energy siphons, revamping the catch, of course

he actually cut taxes, the orbital middle class and gets rid of tax incentives for really rich he's not coming after the wretch, but from it.

Perspectives, Republicans are cheering,

If so, is that what you want to do you want to cut taxes for everybody except a wretched, showing her real it?

 

seems like the opposite of what a rich guy would do direct, but he understands like Henry Ford: did

You got to sell a car where people had to do a ford to buy it. You got to pay her employees like by if he wants real prosperity does.

This is primarily get off in his ears, limousine random,

I burn out old towns disease.

This been announced this tax plan, so Jimmy Chin

the poor, but it says that's fascinating

that'll change people's opinions. If that really does happen, people can save a significant amount of money in tackling the problem. The globalist admit they want,

global consolidation? They want to global downturn,

Breaker bodies will and accept all the new taxes, regulations, and so tromp is racing.

Memory. They have eight years zero percent interest, but it was only the big banks. Trunk separately

Europe agenda for one year, you know is against it, but for poor people to get zero percent interest who hears Althea anyways, the bank's lose the body. It's all just right

 

they're, killing at all now and raising raising taxes, trump tax reform that will make Amerika great again the goals of Donald Trump Number one: tax relief for Middle class America. In order to achieve the american dream that people

more money in their pockets and increase the after tax wages number two.

Simplify the tax code to reduce headaches Americans face in preparing

taxes and let everyone keep more of their money so

he's land these already implemented. It, though

fourteen were twelve days and we ve already got he's doing it

so you're single. Oh, you earn less than twenty five thousand dollars or married and jointly earn less than fifty thousand dollars. You will not

Any income tax failure of shit,

holy shit and attaches a model that removes nearly seventy five million households old over fifty percent of the income tax rules, whether they get a new one page form to send to the Irish saying I win.

 

Those who would otherwise. Oh, how crazy is that they get to see,

a new one page form to send the IRA saying I win

those who would otherwise o in

I'm tax will save an average of nearly one thousand dollars each year. It's not that

here, the lowest briar the pay taxes new, mostly don't pay taxes. You know what do people in

Taxes are for rich people here

Reggie probing, but if you get it like, if you will, the money

Look at this statement, no business of any size from a fortune, five hundred to a mom and pop shop

A freelancer living job to job will pay more than fifteen percent of their business

come in tax, it s time,

Slower rate makes corporate investments in versions and unnecessary by making America's tax rate one of the best in the world as a whole.

We have the highest rates, so nobody wants to beer.

 

No family will have to pay the death tax holy shit. You know about that

yeah, that's giant! That desire ever man doesn't tromp is forever. I always tell you, earned and save that monitor your family and not the government. You paid taxes on it when you earned it. That is so

You ever read his errand advance, a beautiful tax plan that death taxes disgusting so give you less money for your kid. They would

take half your money, they take out a summit,

the giant chunk of it and he sang that's not gonna happen anymore. That alone, that's a beautiful thing.

Very good. There is always raised trumpets paint, ok painted I land either that seventy element like through like pushing by families with kids like

Harry, was yelling at family just one way forward. They, like literally push bath hispanic families and black people.

 

Streaming! Kkk now and I looked at him on tape. It is more like what feels good for people to have a clear enemy and if they can justify in their minds, are a white supremacist or anybody on the all right is a real security. I trumps K, K, K and clarity

Only that happens to you right. Well, I wonder where it's like their inner dimensional connected. Likewise, in all these blue euro loser slap you with a face the back of the head- it's like how are they so maybe they'll that is the greatest they give ever says. No, I'm sure it invited a door for people go on who you're a loser and then try to slap you in the back. I started already. You started

common good in their mind at least, and no one gets arrested. That's a good thing,

it's a larger lol. I know we ask of traffic, for a lot of people are made an annoying. What would you do if, like almost half the timing, logic ear and rushed or someone I'm sort of slapstick,

about your autonomy, that happens to you right. Well, I wonder where it's like your inner dimension.

 

Connected like. Why is always blue-

a loser, slap you in the face of the back of the head

it's like. How are they saw? The old, though, is the greatest they give ever says. No, I'm sure it doesn't invited a door for people who you're a loser and interests Lapierre, thereby started authority. You start

human meme care. The hoary asked: how are they so think of years? Really? Well, you have women going on.

Bar? While

guys? I sat by the media shaped by the media and I'm out their peacefully videos

on Saturday at the drums inaugurated, India,

before I leave, and there are a few

white male they're all white women. Have you your hard all about good and they put hats on they burgers script?

a joint, Yod, he'll, never

me I'm like a lion, I got your generals often put on a slight block. I dont get where

I've never done anything to women and all these word as women included, easy police rarely bullet

 

Is there a world where these big hats and then

got attacked praising

on this and also saying that you're drunk- that's, not you're, absolutely not. I didn't think so. Now the fruit is

the headline was Alex Jones kicked out of an

you re where they have people blogging, hindrances, zero fence,

you can try it in you. I was

the whole thing is it's it's very though the whole movement is very aggressive. You know like a response to what

they think is aggressive. You know

you're all of their slick, asking questions muscle

John. We have heard, let's be serious. Okay. What is your real world view on the nature of consciousness

on this planet and air galactic space?

I have been a really honest today, again allows romancers so metaphysically one

the secret of the universe. This is what I think

There was a little le organism. Tat was just recently discussed. I tweeted it I think yesterday, and they think it was.

 

One of the very first organisms that was the precursor to what we eventually became an all violence

Herbalife Life all like living walking. Things came out of this one multi celled organisms. Right, yes, and one thing I think, as that

happened whatever hundreds of millions of years ago with the numbers, but whatever

however, long billions of years that happened to go. If we keep going

in that same direction. Whatever we are now, what is gonna be totally unrecognizable

just a few hundred years from now, a few thousand years from now or if we just do it by a large

Ashley a million years now, but I think that if human

beings. Man stay alive for a law,

terrorism and not blow each other up or on the cusp of

figuring out how to manipulate our very beings like to the point where we're not gonna be people

anymore. It's exchange, that's it. Humanity is at the crossroads and that's my message today

we have decided, they think the corset

 

revolution I mean

to say, should

We decided to have a debate about. Why? Don't I throw the general referring to replace the people? Have this insatiable need for innovation that fascinated by

want the newest phone, even though their phone worked perfect, they just wanted they have. This desire to weird thing is just like we're talk

about like these. These things aren't designed to make you addicted to him, you're just addicted to their designed. Well, there's a weird sort of consent,

in that we have to this technology

This is because one Marshall Mcluhan desire for, I think it's because of what Marshall Mcluhan said, that human beings are the sex organs in the machine world. I really think that's what they're doing, I think all of us and

Gratian all this innovation of all this we are the primary prevailing. It is compelling. Focus on technology is because

evolution airily, that's where our biology goes. It goes to technology because it can manipulate it at a far faster rate in and in your saying, Bio mechanically.

Ethically through well

 

cells not square celeron. We do it more beautiful,

and strongly agree what you're saying over all? I don't think it's in either or shouldn't just expert Alex. I don't think it's just accept it they're going to be

The do shit in both ways.

Great. I gotta do something really revilers law Ermenonville, it's gonna have the point B scream at four hundred years. Public needs to know this side

you larger debate about what they did. They are learning about,

it is something we have to seek out all can, if oil, all the information control. I don't know about that. The information about isn't about innovation and energy, national insurance and hunted by Camacho, letting a lot of your comments and your daddy is your tony Fuckin Montana Run and the planet would you

that shit out of wood. You keep a fear, but it is not worth twenty montanans out running science. The thing is, the scientists are almost all involved in universities and different studies network and appeared to try to make a name for themselves. Are Europe's Loring all these different possibilities and then big companies that can profit off of it in billions ability

 

those like Sony or Apple were innocent? They chose to these people up and they will hold on a second. There thing is to innovate and make money. That's what they're. Therefore, that's what I'm doing the donors and will open took out a bit better now. Do not Tony Montana due to stand this you're talking about two different things: you Joe making all not some utopia known and talking about what a highly tryin to to benefit the Italian about what Intel ears one who makes iphones as it matter we're

having a real discussion about the future of the text.

Logical system of humanity. They don't want that. Discussion showed this things it, whether it's it's just

or Alex Jones already brought up we're all here

German experienced a discussion. The elite are

having right now in Calais route

now was Zuckerberg. I know for a fact

The army, when Soccer Bergen collide just visiting book two's about ally, but the whole point

their meaning he owns. Now we should discuss this happening. Is Facebook

 

part of their low monotony. Now you know our shit and the worst part of it come on.

Now you now we get our slogan in your programme. Are you ready to take that back

We don't know is I wanted in our programme. I do. I know you do know yet evokes often do pay the big issues of the world

the risk of our already. I wonder

Aliens.

Can you line, but keep coming back to that, because I want to know what do they know about aliens wayward? What are the real, ok, I'll, tear them

and what I say is not political and it's not from my particular local active.

Protests from the no knowledge in the universe. Ok, we live in a third,

dimensional blame. We can see the planet's the guy.

 

Galaxies the sun's hundreds of billions of galaxies photographed universes. We live in an amazing space time continuum. The elites believe that it's not in the third dimension that were mainly receiving transmissions ships, don't arrive from others and cherries or giddy prime for wherever there going from or Beale they come here to international gates are much closer through fold space,

and so we have to discuss the different influences. The universe and universe fact that we have free will, and we say we want, I don't believe in any of us. I am simply telling you what the elites believe so

They believe that there is another dimension and these beings are from it are diminishing abundant, imagine need baby blood rivalry and somehow they need baby. Our aim has arrived tuna. Ok,

we're really powerful. I would take this out more may the

far greater. Our brain is Evelyn

 

soon and allows dimension the highest measured. Humans are basically really powerful creatures that can live right.

The signs for highly radioactive. Nothing else will have its close. The very short lives, because we're like a hive off

Nazism that actually live. Second, the second in the space time contain a hundred years. It's a second.

We transmit our data up to live next. You likely STAR Gate, jump gates, serb that are sons.

So because we live so close to these signs. We only have like military

to be alive, so we're actually a hive organism is keeps transmitting up to the next species.

In our in our inner hierarchical system and then down below us sore,

live right now in this continuum and we're trying to progress and and and make things better,

Annie Elite you're are trying to make sure that we don't doubt internet incredible knowledge. We ve got ass a species of basically dies species. So then we're not competitors on the next level. As the Bible,

 

as of their dimensional plain began on, but here, but you don't believe that you're just saying that's what they really. Oh, yes, exact,

What do you believe that now I mean I believe in research? Do you think it? I believe in research to choosing? Did there is something from other dimensions? I can access us this this. We are other dimensions,

The third aspect is only one limited plain, a larger scale

you're doing leaves a wearable part of that spectrum. While I should say we're not in Kansas City more out of you

Dundee empty now? Do you want to? I don't need your airline

sleep. I believe that isn't it's like he's on natural, the empty ardently on Somethin man for sure I got a question for you:

You know how this is. This is kind of off the cuff little bed, but often track off the beaten path

but you know how the CIA has always been involved in Hollywood and make a boozing. You know like zero dark thirty, and you know these movies

 

Clearly propaganda movies, you noted a most like even movies. You think they weren't propaganda, but they are the latest superhero movies. How they're just are the plots and evil Oda gonna build a bomb, and all that is it? Is there

whistle blowers within Hollywood that are made

movies, just like like in Brazil, it was our martial arts were outlawed, so the people, the people there were about the true, thereby doing dance but whatever

disguising them or yellow requirements. Is. Is there to make other filmmakers like that out there that

trying to help humanity with the basis of their films ultra high, like everything else, there is good people and bad people having Hollywood

 

always bandwidth, which movies are the good ones. Tell me what's our market star wars are MIKE. Is this a bad one? That's propaganda. Allow the marrow treatment of these are good ones, yet, once again, once mail, which ones are the ones I should guy, you tell it really good knights right now. What about like when hang over one comes out

which does not determine because he didn't like hang over. Going

see, I is only the name of like one part of the shadow government, which is almost intellectuals of Amerika,

so those people on trumps. I'd now and that's the first time ever well, the CIA is there:

and perverts had so they must have been with Bush right, because Bush used to be the presidency were senior George Herbert Warrior.

 

So he was healthier. Here's the deal brain the CIA was shut up, supposedly job defend or a public and all the stuff it got hijacked by multinational interests has been reached.

And their claim the CIA out right now? Are you serious? That's fucking, breaking God, damn

news: potter, em for Wars BC, clearing house- oh my god, that's

are you kidding me? Wasn't that the headline NEWS on empty words right now in other areas, where Iraq teacher Alot of posted, really really crazy things for the sea

That's just yesterday. The CIA does like half of fighting and they were all pissed off and I were betrayed by April inside the CIA,

robots. Have the one on the right. Now, there's a cow,

within the c cleaner. Well, while their deadly Dr Jesus Christ jail. I like what I'm here

well see what happens, but are you? Are you happy about that

first. We really want to do it can. If it succeeds within

 

years, you're gonna hear major cancer is announced

you're in on energy systems announced here. I renew

companies announced they have suppressed all this stuff.

From what good people want to empower humanity. They believe

the species on the planet and big steps, but

goddamn crazy would be if Trump became hero s he but do not

raising the the country accepted them if they figure this out after. If this is all true, this all comes to exact as you're, saying which I really have no idea of your right

No, what you could play right now, how about that bill? Clinton clip that you played were haste,

talking about varying emigrants,

like more hard core than tries it all that everybody? How do you pull out? How does GMO Clinton and build Lebanon

river wall and the law?

does not idle halfway round history with them on the wall. She'll do a ladder over its metaphysical. That's like we're country were allowed to have as Mexico as one can as one can't. Why can't we? The big thing is just deport people that are

 

fair. We need people from Mexico in Russia and Japan.

Just a poor people are, and welfare is only support. The poorest ones then loving ass. We say if you won't do anything, and you come here yet

ok so when they come over here, you're saying give him a chance, but then, once if they try to stand welfare, there's even now was that we are more. Sugar now sounds good unmerited, Gordon Hordes of aviation, but that ninety nine lives. It is nine Tina devices here not only in the states most heavily affected, but in every place in this country are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. The jobs they whole might otherwise be held by citizens are illegal immigrants. The public service that use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why I noticed recently moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards by deporting twice as many

 

criminal aliens is ever before by cracking down on illegal hiring by borrowing welfare benefits. Steely, lately, label rallying cry. I will present to you. We will try to do more to speed the deportation.

Of illegal aliens who arrested for crimes to better identify illegal

aliens in the workplace, as recommended by the commission, headed by

we're Congresswoman, Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of emigrants,

but we are also a nation of laws. Is wrong and ultimately self defeating for a nation of immigrants to per

that's the kind of abuse of our immigration laws. We have seen

in recent years, and we must do more to stop

 

if that doesn't indicate truck and tromp on all that fence sharing also makes you realize what our too bad Motherfucker Bill Clinton was. Is troubling. Opening speech like that Glenn was that it may be right. What about when you're out their marching are taught on evaluating the wall if you're some chick out their margin talking about the wall, and you just heard that was, I realized

Giving you a chance, admit your Pont, it's ok, everybody gets powerful,

but from this point on shut the forgot about it,

that's. Ok, let's that's what are you getting guy? Isn't it? I wonder I give you full power game. You're gonna be in the region are out of place where I think we ve done it's five. We can all around us. We got it. We did a good job.

One more question, one more, I you know me

 

I'm fuckin fascinated with conspiracy they're, just like you every night due to watch and fights and boxing I'm listening to conspiracy,

There is every fortnight when I go to bed, I listen Alex Jones every day. Every doubt the one thing that gets did that I don't get. I get the estate

fishermen, I get the Illuminati. I get all that shit, but then

Ronald Reagan, every now, and then you have doktor Steep Botanic on your show and he's talking about

some serious conspiracy that raise all

should confirm and everything is deep in the sea. I confirm and should, but that when they talk

by Ronald Reagan. They talk about here,

the last great pressure- and I thought that actor that wasn't me

F B, I informed, is any show God Damn establishment, Ronald Reagan. I don't get

That explain Ronald Reagan. I mean georgian

Senior was the vice president DE

 

through the CIA Aegis seems a jealous, hangs out of this all. But this is wants alive. Ok, explain round of unity in this resolution is not explain. Well written good, we're just joking around punching earlier neurons, ok, but his

astrology close range, the literary why more hours he wants to know about run around in the polar regions address. Tell me the movies Architectural Ronald Reagan we're not in some blood vessels ragged, but after all the Obama globalization is. This tells a good thing,

again ran against George Herbert Walker Bush setting

was globalist, a sea world government. Then they told him at the convention

Ok, you wine for him

let you have it on a chevy, don't let her Rwanda budget and a year.

They shooting those really

that guy as all that,

dove one. Oh shit, I didn't sell Reagan, didn't get it agenda through and I

I got around quadrilles other stuff, regular, actually

the euro. The IRA's and a bunch of stuff, so yeah

 

anti cancer. He was running against George Bush. He beat him and then, when he got the presidential nomination for the Republican Party

they made him. They forced him to tell us the true story for still say grant all Reagan.

And I want to believe in Obama, but he's a total level is in us. Will this new?

tax things? Crazy? Do you? What do you think of that? It's pretty radical Joe got maritime training punches

I don't I'm crazy, given Trump on trumped gimme, a real people. There's people out there,

think trumpets, races and they

keys sexes at a whoremonger,

I think that more hormone nation such as a result, I do think it wise woman one could for him. While people do ok, so you think he's gay guy. I know trouser guy here

he looked at what is done is he's delivered like no president,

 

I believe that in so everybody wants ITALY every wants to find some reason to hate him and some reason to figure out a way to get him out of office, but shouldn't we at this point mean here he won their game writers popular to contest. He won the popular to contest, and that's really what

in presidential figure, out a way to get the most amount of people to say. I, like you better me, it's really what it is and he's the first truly popular person,

It's really good at manipulating the media to win the popularity contest. Everybody before him had just been a politician he's the first God it's actually

AMOS that then became your true voyna? It's never! However, we have our Ronald Reagan was thirty. One was an aluminum, twelve o clock,

Rather, that's only two and a half here, but the point being that he's it wasn't that famous

Ronald Reagan was a string trump and altogether.

 

So here is a movie star. Regular, you cut is true, but I don't think he was a big movie star. Think user questions later. Trop wasn't always, though no offense Christian Slater, I loved you and blade hey whose

Joe Joe

and blade right since late and blade job no gentleman dwarf.

As well controls later I was Ronald Reagan, Goddammit get alleys. Did he get is operating in this right now about John you once

I've time interview, we have got their relations working hours and no non three of its fiery and three and a half hours area. Where do we go live,

one was dirty willow.

One, thirty we're sitting the chair before when he's on us in time. I know she's. Ok, look at the clock right next to you see it's five o clock

fine. As long as you want it's all I know is some of your history should really told you the real truth

Ok, what I've research? You should believe him, a sham. Their total corporate oars think

going to happen. How do you think this is gonna play up now that you think this

 

sort of silent bloodless coup has taken place, and

guy has gotten through

this net that had been sat there to make sure that no one of them, the people that were already inside the system could ever run it. So he asked

he's running it,

we're right at all. Wants it,

time situation trump isn't pervert. He really wants empower humanity. All of us have to work hard, be involved here

views, put our ideas and just move forward but airplane.

To try to assassinate Trump. You think so, God

demonizing him same killing, him mean assassinating for real or demean assassinate him, like pop publication, like Paul

ITALY is actually they want to politically destroy his name and they want to politics

 

we also try to kill him. All I know. Is America had half the wealth of the world twenty years ago and five or so the world population we ve lost half that wealth and its that as we get more powerful, vague it more powerful and the elite have been trying to domestic

in America, not perfect, but we ve got ideas of industry and ideas and doing things that change everything.

And so the really this planet want to kill competition. They want to consolidate control

They want to end the internet of governments that America they were about its Hilary.

The one they would a sensor dear. Oh here, is how they look about. Facts are largely to private. Ever got pollyanna pieces together they were about to do it. Tom

line is Obama, establishes Ministry of truth three weeks before Trump takes office, one we gather promptly,

 

so ministry, truth being something that stops fake news. Yadda yadda, yadda news them government does not agree with your right. So the price

One becomes. How do we decide? What's gonna, listen I'll, go back, please go backwards, Obama's quietly signs the countering disinformation and propaganda act into law, while laid on Friday with

who s population, embracing the upcoming holidays and oblivious of most news emerging from the administration. Obama

quietly sign into law. The two thousand seventeen National Defence Authorization ACT which author,

rises, six hundred and eleven billion dollars for the military. Two thousand seventeen in a statement, Obama said blah blah

blah blah blah wears a sandwich area down. He over the governors,

board of governors, they Elsie said to the media, meaning federalized television shows every translations.

Your limbs animation all galaxies. Your website, my website everybody's website, when he gets what're you doing

just Obama last minute bills

 

all this. Should he signed Riley Latin re read little lower its

in the bill, Warrior

federalized can put about in a final and we're gonna federalized communications,

the CIA over the Board of governors of the federal communication.

Sounds so crazy did you would have been circulated and subject to that?

easily to talk about that, no more, of course, Hilary. What a one that would happen

we are under his clothes. I wonder if people would have ever went for that. That seems. Let me Joe Trump does. He is like actual too

warrior. My nose, retweeting Twitter,

scale watch this video clips he gets out here

he's in Hillsboro Z. There asked what you actually collage per year.

I'll say and frogs perfect. He tramped honest with anything going to come out against the point: is that he's a dick?

What kind of thing you can open now you, when I log element nine eleven, is he gonna

 

anything about this already. The fact that it almost of the garment work with Saudi Arabia to launch the September alot of attacks-

sixteen years ago going to reopen that shit. You well you think that think that imagine that a mansion

the reopening of the nine eleven problem. Madge shows about the moon, please Thompson released,

information but the alien basis, and with a nice question, what does he know about GEO Engineering right? What does he know about aliens,

not about aliens foggy. No, no, no, no. No, they let em trails, you don't fuck aliens, ok

Our lunch, you guys over Alias embattled round back on back on your journal here. Call I'm soberly lately on aliens envelope or lack of alien bigfoot. Do horizontal rebellions, ten years doing good so

 

ring rearing Langley Wing who Alex, Mr President, what's on well when the agenda forward to cut taxes, leaving while I to know about those secret space patients while Alex you gotta, come from TAT those me

jumped out. I want nobody asked Trump. If he wasn't learned some jujitsu, I get all private jet half I fly to New York to be withdrawn or drunk. I wanna see the buys

and bodies we got from on these giant or Alex he imagined on the show that would be huge for pro.

We're gonna do about it

Oh

if you want to know you, have to see us John Kerry, vertical or eat ever this more, we have to get forgone here. For sure. Let's go,

but whether now we're gonna eat or anything else, but it's already five o clock so we're out of three and a half hours in it.

The more they have saved for out here. Let me get another question: is it known Eddie I want to ask

 

I mean literally. I really think that trade is a tragic truth. Enforced outcome has

or articles are researcher. Videos are our podcast. What we do and are not left or right, I'm not liberal conservative. I'm really try

find out what's goin on the world, and so

for all these years, Joe spent, I love,

We find the lies, really good questions you gonna do.

All this I was gonna bring up. So you scared, he asked

just get crazy. You want to keep going to keep gonna keep going to go on, but I think sometimes, ok hold that thought expand

Blaine benign gums things. It will hold on a second Eddie things that are in your head self explanatory. You already know about it. There's a giant returned

people are listening. This have no idea what you're talking about it again,

I want to say this for the

no Rogan listeners have an open.

Mind. You heard him for three and a half hours download that up

in wars app startling soon they have any want. You do show and enforce thats the move to

Bravo radio comes back and enforce our

 

That is why we need a rogue sampler illicit bullets. Ok about opalescent. All I want people give him up.

A chair. He doesn't know shit about space, but when it comes to politics,

of base year when it comes to politics? He's ease

mastery. This gives the owes you on the other,

Helio Gracie Space here

Joe ruled out unless I'm up Jamie,

some scientists out. I have a very almost everything, countering foreign propaganda and disinformation ACT of two thousand. Sixteen the bill expresses the sense of this bill expressed,

 

the sense of Congress? That would a weird expression. Ok, what are we looking at? This is that bill that Anti propaganda bill foreign governments, including the government of the Russian Federation China, used if this information other propaganda tools to undermine the national security objectives, the United States and key allies and partners. U S. Government should develop a cop

preventive strategy to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda and assert leadership and developing a fact base strategic narrative and an important element

This strategy should be to help promote an independent press and countries.

Are vulnerable to foreign disinformation,

friends like that. Anna SAM is on the rug, sir, panicking they'll shut down our competition one American watching this are listening, doesn't think

should decide whether she was listen to it. Do you think that would be?

ever accepted that they would allow people

 

some one that works in a government to censor websites and Podcast Lama signed has already had, but avenues on China does that you're? After this they signed a bell dry, it delegate, craze notice. I tell you, look at Anville laws it s about podcast visit their back basically disappear. Conversation just people sitting down talking and if you, if you

stop. Put pure conversations mean. That is like one of these

most heinous foreign assets, anxious to let you can't some care they could try running off. You can't really did get an office in day really did try to implement with fright,

I almost wish Hillary would have won outside the power.

Iphone codes or whatever so torture, you think is just it doesn't work it's not

work and makes us look terrible. Is a foreign country lowers us of their level exactly but trunk him out of here

 

torture two days ago, gentle Galaxy changes might make good on stuff, like that, that's very and these waking up and when you think up, you change your mind on Zaza independently wealthy.

One of the Marines. That's probably I factor in this scouting he's are part of the

Obama, Hilary National, that's what I'm saying is that there's no calculation, I just

treat you like, I wanna, be traded. Big stuff is happening

Let me ask you this before we before we wrap this up. You know if Trot

Is this new stage of politics or new type parties? What kind of person do you think would be like literally the perfect person to run this country and what would the perfect person do wrong? Paul,

around pulse great, but I think it's Somalis worked hard and private business who really, as this is a success who loves America? Who has

through the gauntlet of demonization attacks and doubt whether the I Donald Trump,

how you wonder what he's been through man, whose Spencer there's gonna be a winner over

 

but in some calls Donald Trump? Rather I want to Haiti by wanted, not believe you so good, but man

he calls up again. I read your mind and knows what you

thinking about your like man, this guy

is like God of the devil. This tax thing is very fascinating. Only very interesting raises accident. It seemed into me up at the main street over nobody really millionaires round about it to me every time I turn on my phone, you, no one. I didn't ask for Fuckin Fox

whose bulletin board region they force feed me every morning Sienna. So what are your general? That experience ran forward? That's why you gotta slowly because Jos, real I'm real you're, real, whether we're probably not about it. We want to be real everyone.

Human human intelligence support is podcast

and enforce the Jerome experience and make this dominant, which it already is just to say, listen bitches, you may for

feed. Any Bravo about seen in.

New shit every morning, but you're fucking get the job.

 

Logan experience up your flock and ass,

oh Jesus Christ, there ever done

I turned my phone. What does CNN China FUCK enforce media, but where does Iphone force? Fiji

the possessed

Mama and it always jeers Cooper, antitrust every day about

did you know for sure that truck but disadvantaged group or a nice guy seems like a nice guy Mendoza. He worked there like

college right now beyond, beyond that he admitted it he's part of the light

websites, libraries in marking, we are real LE wait a minute I see.

As a whip division than ever. If you're the Astor family like he is or them Vanderbilt

Russia, Vanderbilt, John Jay, measure, Myerst wrath. His name is my

If you are, I Vas Arap. Now it's die now

 

Finally, at the very end, we're talkin,

in general terms,

sending information area, I think sometimes retard

my level, wars, stock and Joe Rugen experience and any Bravo

in Romania,

right here to do a rock and roll conspiracy theory, your network. If not, he believes you see, I am not sure how to desist go as well.

You thought beyond better better. This was fun.

Where it is also a joint approach. They what? What is it

thank your nine eleven. I also thought to be exactly like. This is as good as I could have hoped. We had a good time. We had allow laughs. We talked about some real shit. We brought

some news articles that can

firm allows crazy things, you're saying that make me like all those new arrests, those new rest about pedophiles and sex slaves, holy shit

that's real what story, whether what

 

What new source was that story of contaminated was ripe, and now how many different? Is it like all over the place and in a bunch different resources?

they're gonna have brought about the sex slaves and being releases and associated chosen it,

So I know what I'm sandstorm similar I'm Senor thinking. Tromp is a major force global force right now, Trump

and he talks Alex Jones. Alan Johnston

Joe Rogan and I'm here, because

Ro Gonna hold a god, damn ship

got some kind of lightning bolt gone through the world right now a cure, but it's not like Jos, like I always together more there and had to be like this, for it to be like this every every day before

today, however, went down how to be like this. For us. For this to happen,

Are you going to be years than eight years back? I June

some erasure, you gotta coming studio

 

That's an order that more than seventy four stores wrestling, many many many major new sites create Alex

This is the galactic thing going down right now, man well here some interesting things are happening to people and its happening at an accelerated ray and we're all part of that everybody listen ass. Everybody talking to France is everybody was wide awake and everybody reading the internet, everybody watching, documentaries, everybody reading books, everybody understands that. We know more about how things work today than we ever have before and its weirder than we ever thought EST and discover any credible. The crane,

thing is when people are european

not asleep, and then a wig Europe

sleep and then your partially awake you know about. Oh you discover you

You saw Zeit guys for the first time, only partially away. You don't know about all this other stuff, so we can hear about all

other stuff, you still got that mentality. Well, that's bullshit! That's bullshit, people

partially awake. Not

 

everyone will shift. You probably has a lot of whack. You can select your lies out their real ness monster.

As far as our real is miles below is a shark. They believe its agreement, shark endless charge or the way they think it's a shark did a millions millions of years old and got into that water back when was connected to the ocean causing aging

creature and they used to think they're extinct, but now they dont anymore, they found some, so they they, they think the locked. As

that makes sense or elegance enterprise, which is why I would like, above all, you got your information from now on, like a scientist like what are you mention from you know, those guys can talk all that's that's what

is there an early jogging nobody's talk now

You talk what you're talking about Greenland Short Austrian are now

 

not only do about. Georgia is not only in the show. Yes, scary. Bravo back! No! No! No! No you're! My love, I might have known, as my song is one of them said everybody has a veto diagnosed now, thanks for listening and thanks to turn into episode, nine one you I'm wars during our Abu Alex Jones and Job Rogan, signing off our joy.

We are doing

I resist saying without further ado, could I just say:

times to slip on by Welcome

thanks are buddy thanks out Jones would be an awesome and some food.

Dynamite Rance back, I went on holy shit, foes aid

in stone. Out of my mind, I heard of doing that my my job out of a fuckin window who thanks eighty. Bravo thanks to you thanks everybody thanks for tuna and priests, eight, while you people

 

thanks, caveman coffee for fuelling us, Caveman, coffee, c, o dot com use the code,

Rogan save ten percent of any other coffee thanks to Jack threads, go to Jack threads Diet,

calm and entered the code. Word Rogan when you submit

you're, try out for twenty percent off anything you keep as Jack threads dot com and use the code. Rogue industry

twenty percent on anything you keep never by before you try again thanks to Nature Box, go to Nature box

calm, Ford, Slash, Rogan and you will say fifty percent off your first order, so Nature box, dot, com, Ford, Slash, Rogan, and thank you too, on good, oh and an eye

t use a code, word Rogan and save ten percent off any and all supplements who we did it. Folks, my

Apologies to Dan Floor Estonian Flores, who is the author of Coyote America book that have raved about we got I screwed up

 

when I wrote him down in my calendar as the second and he had it, because I wheeled with emailed and apparently I fucked up

wrote the first in the email and the second on my tail.

And I never bothered check an email again. So I fucked up.

We're gonna get down in another time he has to fly back to Lhasa or New Mexico. I think that's. Where is so we're going back in April? I'm sorry about that folks.

Read the book. It's an awesome book and just make the April part jazz.

Even more epic lots of great gas to come on very popped and have a good time. This thing called goes enjoyed. So, thank you very much,

appreciate you all and take care by.

Yeah.
