Hello friends,

on ten September. Twenty nine the date has moved tickets are now on. Sale

we'll be on sale, at least as the time. I'm writing this. It is right now September, the sixth on the morning, at ten, a m of the seventh taken to be honest,

for the Scotia bank arena, we were surprised me.

We go Colosseum there's a strike. They moved into the Scotia bank arena, everybody who bought tickets for the Regal Colosseum has been refunded, and this goes

bank arena is the new venue, but there's more than a thousand new tickets that are for sale now so they'll be available, as of the seventh September said,

the ten, a M local time at Joe Rogan dot com? This episode, podcast, is brought to you by on it on it is a total human

Optimization website we are committed to

Fighting you with the information, the inspiration and the tools to get your shit together. What is it

What does it mean? Get your shit together I mean get your body to perform at its best physically, through views of strength

 

and conditioning equipment healthy,

acts and supplements and even mentally get your shit together mentally and a big part of what on it is his are on academy. If you go to the

academy link, you are taken to a section

the website that has hundreds of articles on strengthened

conditioning routines and action

as physiology nutrition, different.

The diets motivational and in

spur rational articles, Q and age with fascinating people and

it's really embodies the philosophy behind on it. We're on just trying to do our best. Get our shit together, keep it pump in baby

We have a full line again strength and additional equipment battle, ropes,

Steel maces kettlebells things along those lines and healthy snack,

like our warrior: Buff

bars or elk bars. We have some fantastic protein bars. Protein bites, there's a shit, all kinds,

 

some stuff, the best that we could possibly sell you. If you

on dot com used. The code word Rogan and you will save ten percent off any and all supplements

were also brought to you by the mother Fucker

cash out. What was the cash Abdul Rahman? The cash ab is the

number one up in finance because it changes how people interact with their catch, fish it

as features that you can only get from a bank and a few more that you can't get from bank like the cash card boosts and Bitcoin the cat,

A card is a customize,

for free debit card. That

can use and stores or eighty aims and its linked to your cash at bounds.

if it were checking account and even let you drive

deposit your paycheck right into the app? So if you're looking for

an alternative to traditional banking day. You go and do not allow

millions of Americans Verde start using the cash carp and the casket

comes with a sweet rewards.

 

program called boosts and boost lets you get,

instant discounts every single time, we swipe your cash carter, coffee shops, Chapeau, lay shake shack.

beyond just tap a boost in the app and you pay with your cash card cat

as is also the most convenient and inexpensive way to buy, sell and withdraw Bitcoin. Ah, it's fuckin sweet people

it's a sweet application and you

download it for free and even better than that when

who do down, though the cash for free in the app store or the Google play market

use the reward code, Joe Rogan, all one word: you will receive five dollars and the cash

I will send five dollars to our good friend, just in Rennes fight for the future,

charity were there,

building wells for the pig meat in the Congo and we're very

 

these two now we ve already built to wells and raise thousands of dollars to build more wells, were in the process of doing that right now, so download it for free

and enjoy, and last

but not least, we are brought to you by athletic greens. Athletic greens is

the best all in one whole food supplement that you're going to find its most complete. Whole food supplement, develop overtake

years by doctors, nutritionists, Natur, Pats available with seventy five whole food source ingredients, and they got you covered in five.

he's of health, all this could be better explained. If you go to the athletic greens website, but one

ghettos one scoop. Has he any

accident, equivalent of twelve servings of fruits and vegetables, and it doesn't taste

lawn trimmings, athletic greens replaced

a fistful of supplements. You might be taken right now and adds critical nutritional support that you now need. Just like you. I never know what the fuck.

 

What's going on during my day, so I carry these. These travel packets with me

and they give you a sweet deal here. Ladies and gentlemen, there is a sweet deal for listeners. The given you twelve,

free travel packs valued at ninety nine dollars. Would you first purchase so

to a daily routine. With athletic greens, I'm telling you it's just carrying these things around with you having them whenever you

eating somewhere? Whenever you just

having one on you all the time? Let's you know that you're gonna get nutrition where

ordinarily, probably wouldn't get into a good daily routine.

Athletic greens these gentlemen, I cannot stress enough. It's very important jumper,

or to athletic Greenstein comfort, Slash, Rogan and claim your special offer today. That's athletic greens, dot com, Ford, Slash Rogan, go get some

again? It carries fucking things at all times. It just makes it

easier to stay healthy. That's why,

important to me just the most.

 

can do little edgier little edge there. That's what I'm looking for and athletic greens

helps you out in that regard and boom.

My guest today is one of the most requested, guess

time with good reason, he's one of the most important and just

unusual figures in human history? I think the guy's, a fuckin wizard, give it up for you

Ask the job will gain experience. My students, man, will appreciate it. They welcome braided meet. You asked me to think you're, not like misplaced on far you're welcome

later. How does one? Just in the middle of doing all the things you do create cars brackets artists

 

if you're doing constantly innovating decides is make fine. Thrower would have time for that. Well, the famous Edwin, but wouldn't put a lot of time at the flames.

The hunters with an off the cuff thing and I'm sorry I'll, throw like it's sort of a sort of a hobby company, the boring company, which started out as a joke

and we decided make real and and dig a tunnel duelli and then dig

Then people other people ass, a civic tunnels, and so we said yes and a few cases.

Darwin and then, and then we have a merchant dissection. That only has one

piece of merchandise. At a time when we sorrow for the cap,

and there was only one thing on it: we're just boring companies come slash, cap or hat. That's it.

 

and then we solve the hat Sliver Limited edition it. You said the boring company and then I'm gonna, Spaceball movie and in space balls.

Yogurt goes through the merchandising section and they have a flame fur.

And the merchandise extraction of space balls, and it like the kids love that one line when it pulls up laborers like fainter

So we does anybody tell you know: does anybody go Ilan, maybe for yourself but selling a flame throughout the liabilities? Although people you're selling this device to what kind of unhinged people can be bought,

inflamed or in the first place, to really want to connect ourselves. Tell these potential arsonists gets terms

idea, animal by what I said don't buy

 

a splinter, don't

That's what I said at the snow people

it is another thing I can do to stop them. It's eve I did, I would come, I said, don't buy it, it's a bad idea, how many

It's wrong, don't buy it still view about it. I couldn't stop them. How did you make twenty thousand and they're all gone in three? I think for days they sold out in four days

think for days. That's all that in four days are you gonna? Do of another run? No, now is it? Yes, I said: would you twenty that we did fifty thousand, but you haven't hats at and, and there was a million dollars workable, we'll sell something and for ten million- and that was twenty thousand vampires at five hundred dollars,

 

They went fast there. How do you have to take the time to do that, though? I mean, I understand that it's not a big deal in terms of all.

The things you do, but how do you have time to do anything? I just don't understand your time management skills. I mean a dense, spend much time on this flame. Through I mean three totally frank: it's actually just a roofing torch, what an arrival cover

not a real flamed her, which is why it is not a flame through. That's why we were very clear. This is not actually a slander and and- and it also told that various countries would would ban shipping of it, but they would not. There would ban flame throws, so we very to solve this problem before or the customs agencies we label did not have time for their work.

effective. I don't know, I think so. Yes all far yes now, but you dream that you cannot, Sir proclaimed her, but you do

 

how many different things forget about the flame through, like

you do all the others.

How are you are you? How does one decide to fix Ella traffic by drew

the holes in the ground and who do you even approach with that like when you have this idea? Could you talked about that

nothing can be successful or not so like asserting, that's gonna be successful, but so far.

I've lived in allay for sixteen years and the traffic is always been terrible, and so I don't see any other like ideas for improving the traffic, so in desperation we're going to take a tunnel and maybe that tunnel be successful, and maybe it won't.

Listen, I'm not trying to convince you gonna work and are the people get your anyone, but

 

you are starting this, that this is actually a project you're starting to implement right yeah. No, if we ve Doug about a mile long take longer,

walk it yeah. Now, when you do in this, would it what is the ultimate plan? The altar plans have these in major cities in any where this mass congestion and just try to know a first year at its its nl, because

I mostly live in early. That's the reason is a terrible place to dig tunnels born of the workplace, Dick tunnels, because the does most because the people were your think. It's like what about seismic us like. Actually both tunnels are very safe and earthquakes. Why's that

Earthquakes up, earthquakes are essentially have surface phenomenon. It's like

waves on the ocean. So if you, if there's a storm, you wanna be on that on a submarine

 

A ring of tunnels like being a submarine now away. The Taos construct is constructed out of these interlocking segments. Kind of like a snake, is sort of like a snake exoskeleton with doubles,

the US, and so even when the ground moves, the its able to the tunnel actually is able to shift along with the ground like an underground snake and it doesnt crack or break or or an and its extremely unlikely that both seals would be broken at its is capable of taking five atmospheres pressure, its waterproof methane proof, more gas proof of any kind.

and and meets all California seismic requirements. So when you have this idea, who'd you to military means,

 

but when you hear your implementing at sea digging holds the groundwater have to bring someone that lets you do it. Yes, oh they were there

some engineers from space sex who were you thought would be called to do this and the guy rented, like they, today's Steep Davis, his long time space ex engineer he's great so Steve, like I'd like to help make this happen a cool, so we started off with dig a hole in the ground. Scott, like up

permit for a pit, make pit and dynamic pet, and you have to tell them what the pits for you to say, hey Woods, one de Gaulle: they split this form as it yeah. I was putting our parking lot.

 

And what do you have to give them some sort of blueprint for your ultimate idea and they have to prove it like hers? I work now. I just started off with a pit Atlantic pit, and that is not really a. You know. They're really.

Care about the existential nature of a pit. He just say like I want it, but right now and so on the ground so in red payment for the pit, and we dug the pit in we dug in three days to three days. Actually too,

there is good cause. Aircars said he was coined by for the hype too, he's gonna tender, happily competition, which, like a student competition, we have four who can make the fastest pardon the Khyber Loop and

He was coming, this was get the files are gonna be on Sunday afternoon, and so a web access conveyance on avenues linking up with

it has put and then like shark

 

So we dislike Friday morning

and then yes, those Butler forty. Four years later, we dug the pit there's like when twenty four seven twenty four put them. What putty straight out, something like that and Douglas Big PET and and and we're like, should Erik the pit of essential to pit

but hey, it's a whole grounds, better, no home ground, and would you tell me

this parliament you so this is the recurring of this idea. Yes, we're gonna build tunnels under l aid to help funnel traffic better and their girl

and they just coca that without we

we ve joked round about this in the park as before, to like one of the poorest.

You can go to the beach.

The run the city go here when Dixon Poles on the ground,

put some tunnels in there in Nagoya. Ok, I know other home ground, but it's

Building on the ground will time, but by making my question

like. I know how much time you must be spending on you, Teslas

 

factory. I know how much time you must be spending on space Ex engaged

I have time to dig holes under the ground,

in a way and come up with these ideas and then implement MIKE I'm going.

It is I'm sure

it isn't a shortage of that

I don't know how you manage your time. I don't understand it didn't seem it doesnt work.

seemed humanly possible. You know do best. I think we'll

don't you totally understand what I do with my time? They think like him,

business guy, or something like that. Like my Wikipedia page, says business magnet. What would you call yourself a businessman?

it is not please why Wikipedia page to magnet

The right now he's already Jane is locked, so

nobody has been able to unlock it and traded to magnet somebody get. What are you a magnet,

doing, engineering and manufacturing in that kind of thing. The sick. Eighty percent more more of my time,

 

ideas and then implementation of those ideas does like hardcore engineering, designing things right: structural, mechanical electrical software user interface,

Engineering airspace engineering, but you must understand, is not a whole lot of human beings. Like you, you know that right.

dear an odyssey aims, yes to chimps. Like me, we're all chimps

yet we are not so much about Europe. Some of us.

The more confused when I watch

you do and all these things are like. How does this motherfucker have? All

time

all this energy and all these ideas, and then

but just let him do these things, because I'm an alien. That's what I've speculated that, I'm on record saying this in the past. I wonder.

it struck me. If there was one I was like the was like, maybe an intelligent being that we created in some way. I creature that's a superior to pay.

 

Maybe I'll just hang around with us further, while a cuban doing and then six months, shit, that's away.

I might have a son mutation or something like that. You might do think you do. Probably do you wonder

likely around normal people? You, let him think, what's up with these borne down motherfuckers ever not bad for a human, but I think it will not

able to hold a candle to ai? You scared the shit out of me when you, but between you and SAM Harris

consider until at a podcast with SAM once again, maybe

my pants,

talking about a I realize like. Oh, this is a genie that once to have the bottle, you never get it back in that's true.

There was a video that you tweeted about

one of those Boston, dynamic, robots like in the future. It will be

 

so fast? You can't see without strobe light yeah equality that right now,

and no one really paying it

too much other than people like. You were people that are really obsessive technology. Are these things and

happening in these robots are

Did you see the one where it be Peter?

a statement you shouldn't kick robots wise for retribution that their memories, but good

bet. It's really good really good about. It is yes and getting better every day. Really. Are you honestly legitimately concerned about this? Are you the is like a I

one of your main worries in regard to the future.

Yes, it is less of a worry than it used to be mostly due to taking more fatalists attitude.

So you used to have more hope and you

 

gave up some of it, and now you don't worry as much about ay. I like this is just what it is pretty much whether or not it is it, but now it's not necessarily bad. It's just

Stephanie Gonna be outside of human control, not necessarily bad right. It's not it's. Not necessarily bad is just it's just outside of human control that the thing that's gonna be tricky here is that,

it's going to be very tempting to use a eyes a weapon. We re attempting in fact will be used as a weapon, so the b B, the honor amp too serious a I, the danger is

can it be more humans using it against each other? I think most likely that'll be the danger.

 

How far do you think we are from something that can make its own mind up, whether not something's ethically a morally correct or whether or not it wants to do something or whether or not it wants to improve itself? Whether or not it wants to protect itself from p

or from other how far away we sent from something really truly sentient. Well, I mean you can argue that any group of people

 

like a company is essentially a sigh cybernetic, collective of people and machines. That's what a company is, and then there are different, this different levels of complexity. In the way these companies are formed, and then there are sort of business like a collective, a high in in the Google sort of search Google search in about where we are also a plug. Dynastic, like notes on the network like leaves on a big tree, often involve real feeling this network with questions and answers. Rural collectively programming be, I am, and Google plus the older humans they connect to. It are one giant,

 

seven eight collective. This is also true of Facebook and Twitter and Instagram, and all these social networks, the giants, I've, never collectors, humans and electronics, all interfacing and constantly now constantly connected. Yes constantly,

One thing that I have been thinking about a lot over the last few years is that one of the things

drives a lot of people crazies. How how many people are obsessed

materialism and getting the latest greatest thing

and I wonder how much that is

lot of. It is most certainly fuelling technology and innovation.

It almost seems like its built into us, take what we

like what we want to

feeling this thing? That's costly around us all the time and it doesn't,

impossible. The people going to pump the breaks it doesnt seem possible at this stage or content.

Spending knew a cell phone latest Tesla update the newest macbook.

 

Probably everything has to be newer and better and

it's going to lead to some incredible point

It seems like is built into us. It almost seems like

gets in instinct that we were

working towards this. That we'd like it is our job.

Just like the ants build the anthill our job.

This is some hundred fuel. This, yes, we're, may this current some some years ago, but it feels like we are the biological bootloader for I actively we are building it and then we're building progressively greater and intelligence and the percentage of intelligence that has not human is increasing and eventually

 

We will represent a very small percentage of intelligence, but the eye is informed strangely by the human limerick system, and it is in large part, our id writ large power. So we mention all those things. The sort of primal drives us all, all things that we like and hate and fear there all there on the internet. There are projection of olympic system.

I know it makes sense in the thinking of it as a anything of thing, of course.

 

Relations, and just thinking of? Does human beings communicating online through social media networks as some sort of an organism? That's a it's. A cyborg took its combination,

the combination of electronics and biology-

this in itself is a measure that is to the success of these on line systems is the is a sort of a function of of how much Limerick residents their able to achieve with people the more limerick residents, the morn gauge meant.

Whereas, like one of the reasons why I probably Instagram miss more enticing than twitter alembic residents here yet.

more images, more video s tweaking your system, more yes,

Do you worry about war, wonder in fact about what the next step is a lot of you

 

and see twitter coming that communicate with a hundred forty characters or two hundred eighty now would be a thing that people would be interested in like it's gonna excel. It's gonna become more connected to us right.

Yes, things are getting more connected there at this point constrained by bad with our input. Output is slow, but tickly output. I forgot was with thumbs and we just have to put up with one thousand and ten fingers. Now we have thumbs

But images artists are also other a wave communicating at high bandwidth, take pictures and you sent pictures people what sense. That's that communicates far more information than you,

communicate your thumbs. So what happened with you or you decided or will you be took on a more fatalist, accounted like? What

 

was there any specific thing or was it just the inevitability of our future? I try to convince people to slow down slow down ai, to regulate.

This was futile. I tried for years to see nobody lean in a movie robots. Fuck you take over you're freaking me out. Nobody listened nobody list, no one,

people more inclined to listen today, it seems like an issue that brought up more.

And over the last few years, then it was. Maybe five

years ago it seemed like science fiction, maybe they will so far they haven't. I think we would all like, then only the way that regulations work very slow, whistler indeed,.

 

So usually will be something new technology to cause damage or death. There will be an outcry. They'll be investigation years will pass. There will be some sort of insight.

committee they will be rule making. Then there will be over site actually regulations. This all takes many years. This is the normal course of things. If you look at say what a motive regulations, how long did it take for seatbelts to be too, if implemented, to be required of the auto industry, Fort seat belts, I think, for more than a decade, successfully fought any regulations on seat belts, even though the numbers are extremely obvious. If you had a seat, belts on you'd be far less likely to die or be certainly entered unequivocal.

 

And the industry for this or yours successfully mentally after many many people died, regulators insisted on did belts. This is it. This time frame is not relevant to a high. You can't take ten years from the point which is dangerous, so late.

And you feel like this is done

gave away, or years away from being too late,

you have this fatalistic attitude and you feel

it's going, wherein almost a good doomsday countdown, isn't necessarily a damn doomsday count on its its

out of control countdown how to control their. We will call the singularity- and that's that's preliminary thing about it. Is it's a singular it's hard to predict like a black hole? What what happens past?

 

event horizon right, so once its implemented its very difficult it it. What do you it's of bottle, but I'm gonna happen and it will be

Improve itself brought: yes, that's where get spooky right.

The idea that it can do thousands of years of innovation, we're very very quickly and then will be just ridiculous were taken

We will be like this ridiculous by

logical, shitting, pissing thing trying to stop the gods now stop

like we like living with a finite lifespan and watch in Normandy

call paintings, it could be terrible and it could be great- it's not clear right, but what one thing is for sure we will not control,

do you think that it's likely that we will merge somehow or another, with this sort of technology

 

augment what we are now or do you think it was replace us? Well, that's

the snark that they be merged scenario with a sigh is the one that seems like probably the best for us. Yes like if you, if you can't beat it, join it. That's here.

So, from a long term, existential standpoint, that's like the purpose of neural link is to create a high bandwidth in her face to the brain such that we can be somatic with an eye because we have a band with problem. These can

 

communicate through, Ngos is too slow and, whereas neural link at right now, I think we'll have something interesting to announce in a few months. That's at least an order of magnitude better than anything else pipe any better.

Probably few anyone thinks as possible. How much can talk about that right now?

jump the gun on that, but what's like the ultimate, what's what

the idea behind equity trying to accomplish with it. What would you like

this case, an area. I think this is an area we have had to emerge with a sigh where we s serves as a tertiary cognition where, where we ve got limerick system can be a primitive brain, essentially

 

got be cortex suit, you currently Anna symbiotic relationship with your cortex olympic system organism, our relationship and generally people like their cortex, and they like the olympic system. I haven't met anyone who wants to delete the olympic system or delete their cortex Aris himself like both and the cortex is mostly in service to olympic system. You may think that, but that there that the thinking part of themselves is in charge, but it's mostly their alembic system, that's in charge and the cortex is trying to make the olympic system happy. That's what most of that computing power is aren't towards. How can I make the olympic system happy now if we do have a third layer, which is the extension of yourself? That is also symbiotic Anders enough band with between the cortex and the air

 

extension of yourself such that the aid doesn't de facto separate. Then that could be a good outcome. That could be quite a positive outcome for the future. So, instead of replacing us, it will radically change our capabilities. Yes, it will be all

Anyone who wants to have super human cognition.

 

Anyone who wants this is not a matter of earning power, because your earning power would be vastly greater after you do it. So it's just like anyone who once can just do it. In theory, ass, the theory and- and if that's the case then and lets say billions of people do it, then the outcome for humanity will be the sum of the of human will, the sum of billions

people's desire for the future, and that that billions of people with enhanced cognitive ability radically enhance yes and that which would be about how much different than people today of you. If you had it, explain it

to a person who didn't really understand what you're saying how much different EU talking about when you say rather

we improve. What do you mean.

 

You mean mine, red, wondering Domingo, every difficulty to really appreciate the difference,

like how much smarter are you with a phone or computer than without its your vastly smaller actually

you know you can answer any question tribute disconnect arab answer, any question premature instantly and calculation that your phones memory is essentially perfect. You can remember flawlessly of of phone. Your phone can remember videos pictures I ever

thing perfectly: that's the that your phone is already an extension of you, your already cyborg you Donovan.

What's will arise. There are already a cycle it that phone is an extension of yourself. It's just that the data rate, the rate at which,

 

the communication rate between you and the cybernetic extension of yourself, that is, your phone and computer, is slow, very slow and and that that is like a tiny straw of of information flow between your biological self and your digital self, and we need to make the tiny straw dry. It roerer huge, high bound with interface interface problem. They re problem solved,

It is a problem that I think I think we hang onto human machine symbiosis through the long term, and then people may decide that they want to retain their biological self or not. I think they're. Probably,

 

he's retainable biological self verses, some sort of Ray Kurzweil scenario where they download themselves into a computer. You will be

actually snapshot it into a computer and times your biologic self dies. You could probably upload into new unit three percent whisky, we're going crazy,

ridiculous. Radical greatness of her commitment to this issue. Freaky

see. If I was thinking I long time by the way, I believe you first talking.

Cheers by were just as a great whisky. Thank you. No one's came from her brother sectors can remember. Someone gave us old camp. Whoever does thanks

good. This is just an amicable again going back to you when you decided to be have of this fatal listing viewpoint, so you weren't, you tried to warn people. You talked about this plague sensibly.

I've read several interviews, we talked about this and then

 

he just certainly said. Ok, just is not just an you in a way your by communicating

Sophia mean for sure, you're you're, getting the warning out to some people, yeah yeah. I mean I've out really going on the warning. Quite quite a lot of warning everyone. I could.

your mouth Obama and just for one reason like does what about a yes and what did he say so? What about Hilary whereby her first he listened? He suddenly listened with Congress I met with. I was at a meeting of all fifty governors and talk about just it a danger and thought. I want a good.

 

I want to seem to realize where this was going. Is it that or do they just as soon as someone smarter than them is already taken care of it cuz it wouldn't

here, but something like a I've. It's almost abstract. It's almost its

was like it, so it so hard

wrap your head around by the time it only happens, it'll be too late. You think they can quite understand at Org and think it was near term or not sure what to do about it, and I should like an obvious thing to do- is to just establish committee gum in committee to gain incite before before you oversight before you do make regulations loose, looked her understand what's going on, and then you have it in sight committee than the ones they learn. What's goin on good speed,

 

then they can make. Maybe some rules for proposed some rules and- and that would be probably a safer way to go about things at seems a means, and I know that is probably something that the government's posed to handle, but it seems

I wouldn't want to. I don't want the government to handle this.

what I want you to handle. Oh geez,

like you're, the one who can ring the bell better, because if, if my pants

let's talk about amulet shut up, it's.

I think I come has no its target

There was a random how to regulate other companies, especially at bay

but maybe companies get a great, maybe getting

could be some sort of a is that we have a good.

events, where are you nuts was to dump toxic waste into the ocean you're not supposed to do certain things that could be terribly

damaging, even though there be profitable, maybe

is one of those things we should realize that you can't hit the switch on something that's going to be able to think for itself and make up its own

 

As to whether or not it wants to survive or not, and whether now thinks you're a threat it, whether I thing

you're, useless like why do I keep this dumb finite life

form alive. Why? Why

This thing around it just stupid, it just keeps polluting everything should ever work goes lighting areas.

iron shooting each other, while Turkey, too stupid thing alive lot some

it makes good music. Now sometimes it makes

movies. Sometimes it makes beautiful art and sometimes you know, some

I'm schooled, hang out with

I gave my lows reason for us those great reasons but framing objectives.

any outside this definitely flawed system does like if you

The jungle in you watch is chimps engage in warfare.

Each of us have started with edicts. Their fuckin really mean what mean the roaming aside Chimpanzee authority relaxing does anything like oil cow. What will lose recalled chimpanzee

whom isn't exactly Henry yeah yeah gonna get documentary I like

 

damn these transfer mean they're mean their cruel, the other their calculated

yeah. They sneak up on each other and rise. Chimps did calculated. Cruelty now has pretty left that meeting and gave orders

It's dark right where we know better because we have advanced, but if we hadn't we'd Billig.

wanna fuck and live in house the Champ ways, brow chip ways to go

is it man, Chimp life,

so I want to fight now, but we

in a way to the a. I might be like those jumps like these stupid

large and missiles out of drones and she

each other underwater like were crazy, get tore, torpedoes

submarines. Fuckin airplanes drop

nuclear bombs, indiscriminately on cities or Assholes

They might go. Why are they doing this? It might like,

 

look at our politics look at what we do.

In terms of our food system, but what kind of food we.

Forest damages throats

go. There's these people crazy new, look out for themselves, make how much do we think about chimps, not much very little. Take these chimps are at war. These, like look like groups, are chimps just attack each other. They kill each other

torture is pretty bad behind monkeys there like this is private most that,

You know I mean it was less aid or rightums. Let me there all the time

you have talked about or Slovakia like asked. Did you say

let's change, every people are left and right now

cancer obsessed. I saw that David Attenborough Documentary on Chancellor Eat knows call bus, monkeys and riven by heart.

 

many many years ago, and she screamed to how if I go oh, this is why we were so crazy. We came from that thing. Yet exactly

now or in the hollow both yeah beggar, like better philosophy, yeah Gaelic Swingers, they really are there.

They seem to be way more, even than us way more civilised Ahijah, simply

resolve. Everything was sacked the only rules they have as the mom, more Bang son. That's, ok!

my brain, your sons, their good women, yeah, good women,

the noble community. Everything else is back in and out.

haven't seen the bonobo movie while there

 

Durban, just at a zoo of bonobos at the zoo is costly, go and harshly fucking ninety days of words, and they don't care gay straight whenever this is far without labels. Irons invalid was at his years, probably something in the Pyrenees action. You don't think they haven't at many zoos. We ve looked at Rome of looking pretty. I think, that's the thing. The ability to keep regular chimps its use has been almost just always jack off, and what's that

Evans, NBA, gonna, dig, Gotham, really interesting. Press freedom,

Yeah area, how many other in a cage unanimously Bryce, can be pretty intent.

Yeah we're we're weird thing. You know when I've often wondered if whether or not we're do you know, our ultimate goal is to give birth to some new thing, and that's why we're so obsessed with tech?

gee, because I, like these technologies, really mean it. Certainly, enhancing our lives to in a certain way, but is mean all

 

millions of making people happier right now, most.

technology say no, in fact, you know we're too

about social media before this about

not having instagram when you phone and not don't you feel better? Yes, I think that one of the issues with social media has been pointed out by many people is that I think maybe particularly Instagram people look like they have a much better life than they really do right,

so by design people are posting pictures of when they are really happy there modifying those pictures to better. Looking enough, though, not modifying the pictures there at least selecting

extra for the best lighting the best angle, so people basically seem their way better looking than they were ass. We really are right and their way happier see.

 

Than they really are. So if you look at everyone, honest ram, you might think man they're always happy beautiful people and

am. I beg you log in and I am not happy so I must talk. You know- and that's gonna may feel sad so when in fact

the people, you think or see, rabby, actually not their Abbe. Some Europe really depressed the very sad some a happy.

saying people actually, some sad as people in reality and and and

nobody looks good old times. The amount of you are now: it's not easy.

Something you should want. What do you

a great deal of time, the exactly so, I think I think things like that can make people

quite sad when you basing my comparison cause you you sort of young people, people generally could think of themselves.

I'll have to to others. It's it's a wheel.

 

Personally ree. We based lining our expectations and you can see the say if you watch some sure like naked and afraid or refused gonna try living in the woods by yourself for awhile

you like the learner civilizations quite great, has lights. Luggage is people when I come back civilization pretty fast on word, unafraid was now throw quote the comparisons. A thief of joy,

Yeah of happiness is reality. Minus expectations, that's great to but

Comparisons, a thief of joy really holds true to peat, is a date or as Roosevelt fascinating in when you think about

Instagram cause would essentially Instagram is with a lot of people is you're, giving them the opportunity to be their own pr agent.

And they always go towards the glamorous

and when and anyway does show that no filter

 

If they really do do thou o you're, so brave, look you don't make up now

they were good anyway, you look great we doing. Oh, my god

a bicycle causes FARC. You know you don't! I know you, don't you there

they're they're, letting you know, and then the feed not that comments section who looked Sidney,

I click it's a fresh stream of love like again right up to the sources. It comes out of the earth and second, that's lotta. We let it alone water body bodies, letter where it is

I want my concern is not so much what Instagram is is that I didn't they.

The people had the

For this or the expectation for some sort of technology that allows them to constantly get love and adulation from strangers and comments, and in this the ability to project this sort of distorted

version if we really are, but I worry about where it goes like? What's the next one? What's the next one,

Where is it? Is it going to be augmented, some sort of a weird, augmented or virtual sort of instant

 

I'm type situation where you're not gonna want to live in this real world. You gonna wanna interface with this sort of,

world is created through social media page and some next level thing the am

go eleven, the simulation yeah, maybe it in the same year, some ready player, one type, shit, that's real! That seems we have that hd survive here and I went down at a couple.

I was quite honestly as a kind of freaks me out her. My kids fucking love it man, they love it. They love plain these

weirdo, games and and and walk around that headset on, but part of me

watching them do it goes well. I wonder if this is like the precursor to sort of,

if you look at that that phone that Gordon

gecko had on the beach

compare that offer here? He predators like a galaxy note, nine or other factors that become that right, and I wonder when I see this hd survive. Unlike what is this thing? Gonna be:

ten years from now, when we're making fun of what it is now. What is how I mean how ingrained and how

 

How how connected

interconnected is this text

you gonna, be in our life will be at some point indistinguishable from reality.

will lose. This will lose this like you and I just look nature through eyes. I see no easy me. I think I hope you think so I think you know we have regular, as this could be some simulation it could. Do you understand that, while the argument for the simulation, I think, is quite strong, because if you assume any improvements at all over time, any improvement, one percent

one percent just extend the timeframe make a thousand years a million years. The universe is thirteen point, eight billion years old or what civilization? If you count it feel very generous

 

polarization is maybe seven or eight thousand years old. If you counter from the first writing, there's nothing says nothing. So if you seem any rate of improvement at all, then games will be indistinguishable from reality or civilization will end. One of us

He thinks worker, although we are most likely in a simulation,

We're we're on our way to stand right

Bobo, but just because we exist, we must certainly be on the road we could beyond them.

did that

why doesn't mean it has to have already a harsh reality. It could be invest reality we could

here now on our way to the road

on our way to the destination where this can never happen again.

 

Where we are completely ingrained in some sort of an artificial technology or some sort of a symbiotic relationship with the internet or the next level of sharing information, but right now are not there yet that's possible to write

it's possible that a simulation is one day going to be inevitable, that we're gonna have something it's indistinguishable from regular reality, but maybe we're not there. Yet. That's also possible.

Two quite there, yet that this is real. I touch Thou veal aerial. Maybe that's why everybody's again, like Mason jars and Shit Mason,

choose people

craft restaurants and they wouldn't want raw would have. What's this,

nazi metal people

it simply. People like longing towards some weird log cabin.

Type in a shroud reality uphold them on, like clinging to Sir

Regular nails through the mud. Look, don't take me. Yes, I want to work, but then, but there

You will go, get a Mason jar with wine stem or handle the stark.

 

Municipalities, bathing lose wine. Stamina handle they have those ass, the sturdy people

faster assholes. That's like people make pet rocks rough,

Some people just ass, also take advantage of our generous nature. It was made with the wines them made with animal

they made it that way, so them the one where you value right back onto the Mason.

You thought I was a fine if there was included on or something

in writing. De legs made that white trash Sheikh. This is disgusting. This is your honour. This is terrible. That's like

fake breast that are designed to be hard like fake breast from the sixties.

It's if you really long for the ones rebels. Here we go sums what that is

what you gonna do man is nothing meaner, certainly do stop.

 

certain terrible ideas from propagating yeah.

I would also like things were too dark, as I think like you, gonna have to be optimistic about the future. There's no point in being pessimistic. Does too negative? Doesn't help doesn't help? You know, I think you wanna be. My theory.

Rather be optimistic, I think about it. I rather be optimistic and wrong than pessimistic and right right at least on that site. Right here is, if, if your pessimistic is going to move this rule,

Yeah yeah, nobody wants we around you anyway. If it's the end of the world like a full told you broke yeah,

world that ending.

It is what it is for all mean, enjoy the journey rid of you

we want to get morose

 

made. It is what it is for all of us. Anyway. We we're all gonna unless some something changes in about. Ultimately, you know, even if we just sort of existed as humans forever we'd be, which will eventually be like the heat death.

The universe, bright, adjoin, yes or no, but even if we get a pass the sun, if we ever got away pass the sun running juice. Eventually it's gonna end it just assertion of went right, so it really is all about the journey.

or transcendence from whatever we are now to something it doesn't worry about that

None us, as we know it, will dissipate into a fine mist of cold. Nothing.

Eventually, then, someone's gonna bottling put a fragrance to it. Sell it to French me:

for one another dimension survey

long time? I think it's really about. How can we make it last longer

 

Are you a proponent of the multi universes theory? Deeply

There are many many universes and that even if this one fades out that there's other ones that are starting fresh right now, there's an it.

A number of them, and they just

constantly and never ending cycle of birth and death. I think most likely. This is just about probability.

There are many many simulations

relations, we might well call them reality. We could call the multi.

these simulations you believe, are created. Like someone

many their running on the substrate, so that such trade is probably boring, boring puzzle.

Or will we create a simulation.

like game or remove the distillation of

 

interesting about life. You like it, takes to take a year to shoot inaction movie and then that's all the sole down into two or three hours,

So we tat you ve seen: action will be being found for you, it's boring super boring takes, does like lots of takes us evidence in a green screen, looks pretty goofy

doesn't look cool, but when she had the siege, I'd have great editing. It's amazing so, like most likely you for a simulation, it's really boring outside the simulation.

Because why would you make some nation is boring, makes emotion way more interesting, this reality, that is, if this right

Now is a simulation if at all

mentally inevitably were if, as we don't dire, get hit by a meteor we're going decoy

 

Eight, some sort of simulation continue on the same technological path pathway or on right now, but we might not be there yet

so might not be a simulation here, but it

How likely is you feel other places this notion of?

place or where is flawed? Yes,

flawed, but where action like that, if he has a sort of that live in him which further dismayed bivalve and stay in Asia is re valve that made it actually see the hardware but is really about thing makers of half life. Yes, her gray company Craig Company, when you're in there, and that some in that you virtual reality,

 

which is only we get better. Where are you? Where? Are you really right yard, anywhere more, whereas in the computer? What what

defines where you are is equally right. It's your perception is it brings Europe

sanctions or is it a scale that we have on your butt? You right here.

of measured you in the same way as you were when you left me,

well your experience, I think they're, where you are right now you might not be a spark of joy. If you talk

you man, just gonna come in here might have to lock the door when I

earnestly on. I that's my heard you might be taken,

medicine man. I think about this. All the time I mean

Its unquestionable that one day, that'll be the case as long as we keep going

his eyes. Nothing interrupt us and if we start from scratch.

And you know we're single celled organisms all over again and then

millions and millions of years later would become the next thing. That is us with creativity,

 

in the building changed environment. It's gonna keep monkey with things

until a figure out a way to change reality to change.

I mean you're almost like

a hole through. What is this thing into? What what it wants it to be and create new things? And then

Those new things will, Inter sectoral other people to do things and will be this ultimate pathway of infinite ideas and expression all through technology,

and then we're one, we're gonna wonder

Are we here when we don't, let's find out welsh item, and I think we should take the actions, the set of actions that are most likely to make the future better? Yes,

bright, yeah right back and then re evaluate those actions to make sure there there that it's true.

 

but I think there is a movement that I mean in terms of social movement. I think some of its misguided in some of its exaggerated in this law, a lot of people that are fine

for their side out there, but it seems like the general

old trend of like

the social awareness scene,

to be much more heighten now

but at any other time in history because of

Our ability to express our.

instantaneously, to each other through Facebook.

Twitter or what have you in that?

The trend is too

Who

banned in prisons?

if notions abandoned, prejudice, abandoned discrimination and promote com,

this and happiness as much as possible in this life. So when it gave me sorry that is in fact to different dawning brought this with

I want to stay here, a real samurai swords going to play with that. I know you're in the weapons that's going to one thousand five hundred and ten

 

early in the table. Universe go grab, it alone,

that's a legit samurai sword from it

actual samurai from the fifteen hundreds if you pull out that believe that blade was made the old

they were massacred craftsmen, folded that met

and hammered down over and over again overlap,

period, time and home that blade into what it is now was crazy

is that more than

five hundred years later. That thing is still

Christine.

Mean whoever took care that

sit down to the next person to care of it and took out the pod classroom, pretty fuckin crazy,

 

Yeah one day, someone's gonna be looking Tessa like that fuckin back doors they pop upside Lamborghini, because they can do

you didn't, you should I'll show you out was driven one. I love them ever most people don't know what it can do

like ludicrous mode. In terms, I try,

and super fast and irresponsibly on public roads. Irishman Domenico can do that yeah looking to do that

The new know about Ireland. The legs can do this, like ballet thing to the transit Baron orchestra spectacle

red dances if legitimate, genuinely want that's? Why would you programme man and took like

that's what I get about you. That's why it's weird like when you should

appear all smiles plot, a fuck,

 

low torch, not a blowtorch, but I'm

clicking austere, flamed, not aflame through my

What I mean there are definitely not you're you're having fun

this is like

This thing, when you know your programmer car to do a ballet dance fun

how do you have the time to do that and understand why you dig in holes under the earth incentive Rockets into space and and and power and people in?

Australia. I gotta fucked, you have time!

to make the car dance ballet. Well, I mean in that case.

there are some engineers Tesla. They said what, if we make this card ants and play music like that, sounds great: let's try to get it done

 

time for Christmas, we did this your concern about someone just losing your mind and making do that and highway now or do that. But if it's an operative number traffic now know won't, do it notes? Actually you have to

drag sinister idea. That's where people to know about it, we will have

Clark, whereas like it could do lots of things lots of things once

it gets hold of it,

ones how you're, just at its everyone, if you search for internet you'll, find out but people, another initiative,

Such measures are well. They do now DES ass, though so many things about

The level action they model ass in the model, three that,

I don't know about which probably very or something it explain it, because I have close friends of mine and they say do you know the car can do this network.

 

Do you want to do a video there? Do you like the fact that some people don't know? No, I think it's probably not. We should tell people yeah, probably yes, that would help your product methodology

You don't sell enough from you. So almost too many of them right be. I mean I think a Tesla is the most fun thing you could possibly by ever. That's what it's going to be well. Our goal is to make it.

It's not exactly a car, it's actually a thing to maximize enjoyment, make maximum fun. Ok, electronic, like big screen laptop ridiculous speed handling,

stuff yeah do you have put video games in it? You are yet possess wise,

 

well, what can you? You won't be able to drive, while you're playing the video game where we're going.

employed part, we're just putting the be it the Atari emulator remember later in it, so we'll play missile command and leader lander and a bunch of other things you yeah, that's cool is pretty fun like that. We improve the interface muscle command to art with the old tranquil. So this, as does the touch screen version of missile command, so you have a chance,

do you have an old car? Don't you don't sound like an old Jaguar, yeah yeah? That's that's! What's that

sixty one series won't eat, have Jagger. I love cars straight now of old cars,

the german daily to get only two regressing car. They have a that and an old afford, muddled.

that a framework give us Molly to gas tankers is the form.

 

all tea, Stockwell, there's your car convertible

Of course, our car, that's a good looking car s, desires that is

it's not mine! It's extremely close to mine that I don't have a front license plate online, so beautiful car

They need at that and I'm tired out God. They nailed. That must remain, looks like

that is, my dear certain iconic shapes

There's there's something about those cars to their, not as capable not new.

He's cave was like a Tesla but there's something wrong.

Satisfying about the mechanical aspect of like feeling the steering the grinding the gears and the shifting the something about

those this extremely satisfying, even though their not that competent,

have a nineteen. Ninety three Porsche nine six for its ago, lightweight, it's not as

 

The arrests, America not very fast, start like in comparison to a tesselated, but the thing about it is like its mechanical

feeler, everything's, etc.

You. This weird thrill, like your on this issue.

Key ride, and this all this feedback listen,

linked to that. Absolutely I'm in my type is like basically no electronics.

it's so you like that, but you also like electronics.

Your teslas soup, it's like the far end of electronics, yes drives itself striving itself better. Every day, tat its they were about to release the software that

enable you to just turn it on and it'll drive from highway on ramp to highway exit. Do lane changes over take other cars to go from one interchange, the next, if you get on, say the four hundred and five and get off get off

 

three hundred miles later and go through several highway interchanges just to overtake other cars and hook into the naps system.

And then they use meditating.

home causes travellers very, very scary, what

you think, when you saw that video that dude fallen asleep behind the wheel

I've seen it the one cent,

This girl is

outside of San Jose did out cold like this in the cars inch.

But above all traffic moving along. He had seen it right yea I will.

we hope the generally. What have I done software about signing it all video which software? If, if you don't touch the wheel it it will gradually slow down and put the emergency lights on and wake you up

That's a Larry S, ear,

That's all areas teaches what voice wake you up. What's up

Moreover, its haunts

HANS had it should be like wake up, fuck face well

 

in doing during your fellow humans. We could. We could gently wake you up with a sultry voice that big

again, something with a sudden accent,

Why can't? I get so hey swing back, exactly what you wake. I pick pick your right like see.

Yeah, just the australian girl for SIRI her voice. You wanted seductive favorite.

I got one billion. What flavour of do you want to be? Angry could be anything you want those us

brilliant prison, lady genes?

now when you love when you programs like that in is this in response to a concern, or is it your own? If you look at it and go hey dish in disbelief fall asleep its wake him up. Yeah, it's like erect. Look, there are people falling slippery.

but to do something about that fraud, but when you first released it, you didn't considerate right, you just like. Well, no one's guns

sleep, people fall asleep

 

as all the time? That's I crash. Yeah. These thoughts are visible crash. That's better spare not to crash.

It's like I had fallen asleep and in a gasoline car there all the time

for sure that every crashes, somebody yeah and in fact the thing that really got me to cycle

we'd better get what about going, get it out. There was

a guy was in an early Tesla.

Down, the highway fell asleep and he ran over cyclists and kill them, and secondly, man, if we had autopilot when you run out

one might have fallen asleep, but only sooner run over that cyclists.

So how did you implemented like to just use cameras?

programmed with a

system so that if it sees images it

down

What time do you give Eric

 

the person whose in control of it allowed the programme? How fast it goes S day you can programme to be more or less. I more conservative like more aggressive driver, and you can say what speed you wanted.

What what speed is ok. I know you have ludicrous my dear douche bag loud.

Were images gets people,

fulfilling changes this tricky, because, if you're like allay

like an ice you're, pretty aggressive, rags, pretty hard to change lanes.

It's hard to be sought, NOM, it's hard to be known,

Thursday

here now. I ask you: if you want to hear TAT Santos

boulevard african I mean you got

A little pushy, globular, pushy specially everywhere, angry angry, didn't want you and speed up. Sometimes other people like overall.

 

pretty nice one I've highway, even an ally, but sometimes there not to think the neurological help that things, like probably everybody been locked in

gather as high mind tunnel will help it would have traffic.

That'll help a lot

Those can you put in their cars

We have an emerald money ass. They might tells you can go three d

Sound go briny levels bright serve until he had held here, for you.

Go. You can have a hundred levels of tunnel cheese

I want be a ninety. Nine

the ninth negative, ninety nine floors,

This is one of them.

A mentor things. People don't appreciate about tunnels is that does not like

roads. The fundamental issue with roads is that you have a to G transport system, reedy, living and workspace environment, serve God, always tall buildings or or concentrated work environments and and then-

 

Then you want to go into this activity. Transport system will usually ineffectually low density cars per spaced out pretty far.

An so. That obviously, is not going to work. You gonna have traffic guaranteed, but if you

go three d on your transport system? Then you can solve all traffic. Can either go treaty up with flying car or go through it

with tunnels. You can have as many tunnel levels as you want. Even

arbitrarily relieve any amount of traffic, you can go further down with tunnels than you can go up with buildings, your ten thousand be down. If you want, I would recommend it, but what was that movie with? What's his face? Bradley could not Bradley Cooper Christian now what the foxes name bound like, whose Batman Christian bail, where they fought dragon

 

Heaven, Matthew, Burkina, hey to deepen the earth. How for deepening the girl was meant for dragons

emotional about member discussion bill arena, fire rainfall-

Have you ever saw that now turn

again, we but good. When reckon s handwriting super far down yet. Would you get hot right? Martin, Weir yeah earth is a dry and ball of lotta with a thin crust on the top, which we think of it. Like the surface, then crust, and it's mostly just a big ball, a lover. That's

But ten thousand feet, we do have you given any consideration whatsoever to the flat or movement top, but that's a troll

Oh it's not know it's not you,

would like to thank you because you're super genius TA, but

 

as a normal, normal person. I know this

the way dumber than me.

And they really really believe they were,

Youtube videos which go on uninterrupted and spirit, a bunch of fuckin, fake facts very eloquently and inarticulately.

And they really believe these people really believe for excellent. I'm fine where the right deadness age

where you noticed ludicrous mode. New car goes one point nine seconds: zero to sixty two point: two too

I too, which ones one point: nine, the broader the next generation roads or cast out of this year, and on top of this shit, that's just it! That's what

standard additional sort of throughout the former package will provide performance package with what the fuck you need. Rockets.

for real. Yes, what am I gonna burn? Think or pressure compressed air Well

 

just a gas thrusters.

Did you have to have air tanks or the S second era? Ok, there's a electric pump well pop up like ten thousand piazza and how fast we talk and jeered assisting faster.

that's. My girl could make to obtain why I want to go back in time. Craig fly you may fly.

You anticipate that has been me you're talking about the tunnels, then flying cars developing this. Can we rural too noisy, and this too much airflow,

So if the final issue in my heart to get work, one of those like toy drones- you how much, how loud those are and how much era that they share they blow now. Imagine if that's like a thousand times heavier

not going to be make your neighbors heavy. Your neighbors are not going to be happy if you'll out of line car in regard to reverse the hell kind of like the Orange

We have just really gonna be like what

data was annoying

 

here can't, even if you want to find

I just put some wheels and a helicopter,

is your way around that like what, if they figure out some sort of magnetic technology, like all those Bob Lazard type characters,

thinking that was part of the? U S, foe,

knowledge? They were doing an area fifty one members than they have some some thoughts about magnetic? No, no bullshit has really

yeah there's a fundamental momentum exchange with the air, so you must, you must accelerate. Does those like

This bears a sudden you, you have a mass and have grabbed gravitational acceleration and mass mass times.

Your mass times gravity was equal, the massive airflow times acceleration about airflow tavern neutral force. So too,

I'm gonna go round, and then you want move empty is greater than Emmy. You will go down

and if Emma S, great and Andrew you up

 

Outworks. This is no way around. There is

Firstly, no around. It does no way to create

some sort of a magnetic something or another that allows you to tell me glee? Yes, you you could have a strong enough magnet.

But that mind it would be so strong that you would create a lot of trouble. You just said

cars up a new car pick up

I'm axles and after a pair of either mature?

on the ground, or

in a really natty situation of earth gravitational field and somehow make that incredibly light, but that magnet would cause so much destruction, you'd be better off with her

helicopter. So if there is some sort of magnet road like you have to magnets

repel each other

 

at some sort of a magnet road that was below you and you can travel on that magnet road that would work, ha ha ha

yes, yes, you got a magnet road. A magnet road has had too ridiculous. No it's what work

how do I dig it was too early. I would not recommend it does a lot of things

recommend resume or not, recommend that get not wise. I think I'll roads now that now to find out, I think I was good

was a lot of trouble. So you put some time consideration to this other. You know. Instead, what my foolishly rendered thoughts,

so you think the tunnels are the way to it. Oh it'll work pressure than a work. Yes and you're. The

Is it these tunnels and you're building right now, there's a basically just like test versions of this ultimate idea that you have you know it's just a hole in the ground. Right we played

 

videos of it where you are right, as you drop that hole in the ground. This sled on it and steady goes very fast,

a hundred miles an hour plus yeah real, fast festooned.

And then work a long distance, long distances unionist draw the air

The tunnel picture Israel straight through the air in the ten years, her reckoned tunnel, because the then

then Japan, how fast wanna go through these wheels or you could use our bearings depending upon the ambient pressure in the tunnel or you could maglev it. You wanna go super fast

So magnet road, yes

but underground magnet roads, underground manga wiser, going to really create a lot of trouble with because this metal thing

So Margaret rose the weighty, gouges, underground, shorter, really fast underground. European and you'll be maglev in a vacuum tunnel, mag

 

vacuum tunnel magnetic levitation in American, alters one with rocket launchers. Now,

not recommend putting any come exhaust gas in the tunnel. Ok,

Finally, I open on right. You have pointed out- and you probably have

limited mountain air in the first place like how much can you breathe, give to pump

surgeon into these cubicles.

And about whom pressurize part b like it like a little tiny underground, spaceship, basically like airplane, because you are

you're an plants not in new era, and it is, it is yes, we have a little hole yet ever pump

Really they from the outside. Yes, why?

 

as I said at the heirs of aeroplanes, have a private easy because they, essentially, you can they're pretty leaky, but he's happy swung his day. Sons. The airport is working out of this has been a backup pumps and I, like you, know three palms of four pounds or something, and then that then there's like there's an ex exhausts through

but the outflow valve and and through whatever seals, are not ceiling quite right. Usually the door doesn't seem quite right on a plane, so the butt of leakage around the door and in that, but the pumps exceed the outflow rate, and then that sets

pressure in the in the cabin now. Have you ever looked at plans and gone? I can fix this

 

time as you make a bet design for plain you do a better design. I mean. Probably I think it is only talked about this, and I have talked to friends, friends, friends and I mean frank girlfriend. You could tell me what he got. Let's go on women, exciting thing to do it.

Be some sort of electric vertical take off and landing supersonic jet of some vertical take off and landing mean no need for my mind to shoot up. Try me here and talk how'd. You do that.

when they do that's and some military aircraft, cracked. Yes, the trick is that you have a gift of transition to level flight and then you

the thing that you use for vertical tear for take off and landing is not suitable for high speed flight, so

 

two different systems, vertical line as lots and lots of guiding light, you're thinking about an electric plane is that you wanna go is highest

possible, but you need a sudden energy testing the battery back, because you have to overcome gravitational potential energy once you welcome rubbish, his potential entry and your at at at at a high altitude. The energy use in crews is very low and then you can recaptured

a large part of your the gravitational potential energy on the way down. So you really don't need any kind of reserve fuel if you want, because you have the energy of height graph to

 

energy. This is a lot of energy. So so once you can get high you, but I like the way to think about a plane is its force, balance to the force balance soap, a plain that that is not accelerating is, is a neutral force balance the force of gravity. If the lift force with the wings, then you ve got

Force of the wherever thrusting device, the propeller or turbine whenever it is, and you got the resistance force of the air now hire you go

the lower the air assistance. Yes, air density drops exponentially, but drag increases with a square. An exponential beats a square, the hire you go, the faster you will go for the same amount of energy.

and at a sudden I'll tell you, you can go supersonic with less energy per mile

 

quite a lot less energy from well, then, an aircraft at thirty five thousand feet, because it's just a force balance conversation

It makes sense, though, no I'm sure does now when you think about this,

new idea of of designing you intervene when, when you have this,

de about improving planes.

bring this somebody ages.

Chuck liable under my plate right this from San. I don't know

I do what you do now, but if you keep coming up with these it, but it's gotta be here.

Upon these off on someone else, either a cake go, do a job good job with this vertical. Take often

landing system that I want to implement to regular planes, airplane electric

and isn't necessary right now, electric cars are important.

 

we need, or some areas, important stationary storage, vantages important. These things are much more important than creating electric supersonic futile. Also,

planes. Naturally, you really want that gravitational and density for aircraft

improving over time. So you know

Important we accelerate the transition to a sustainable energy. That's why electric cars matters whether Lettre cars happen sooner or later. Europe were really playing the crazy game here with the atmosphere of Europeans were taking vast amounts of carbon from deep underground. In putting this when it was not in the analysis, is crazy. Should not do this very dangerous

 

Switched wishes we should accelerate the transition to a sustainable energy. I understood bizarre thing. Is that obviously we're going to run out of oil in London,

you know, there's only so much oil we can. We can minor burn this total

logical, we must have sister s, sustainable energy, transport and energy infrastructure in the long term. So we know that's the end point. We know that. So why run this crazy experiment, where we take coins of tons of carbon from underground and put it in the atmosphere and oceans? This is insane experiment. It's the dumbest experiment in human history.

Why are we doing this crazy? Do you think this is a product of momentum that we start of doing this when it was just a few engines, a few hundred million gallons of fuel over the whole world, not that big of a deal and then slow

 

but surely over a century it got out of control, and now it is it's not just our fuel, but it's also good looming

fossil fuels are involved in something different electronics, so many different.

Comes at people by judges is constant desire for fossil fuels. Constant need for oil

Without the adoration of the is our inability to things like oil, well, coal, gas, so easy money, Brian's easy money.

Have you heard about clean coal

has been tweeting about it's gotta be real. Clean

all caps DC used all caps clean coal. Well, you know it is very difficult to put that's your two back in the ground.

Doesn't like being in solid form. Have you thought about energy like that, like some sort of a filter, giant, building sized filter socks carbon out on that matter,

 

Because I'm not, I don't know, you know it's possible now of no notice report, no, not fucked. I mean this is quite a complex question right. You know we're really just

one or two more carbon. We take out the ground and at the atmosphere and a lot of it gets permeated the oceans.

The more dangerous it is like either. I dont think right now. I think we're ok right now:

we can probably even add some more but the momentum towards

sustainable energy is too slow, like that, there's a vast base of industry, vast transportation system like this does two and a half million cars and trucks in the world so and ended than new contract production

 

If it was a hundred percent electric, that's only about a hundred million per year, so it would take it. If you could snap your fingers and its instantly turn all old cars and trucks electric, it would still take twenty five years to change. The transport base to electric makes sense, because how long's a truck car Truckle ass before

goes into the junk yard and gets crushed at twenty to twenty five years. Is there a way to accelerate the process like some source,

Cities are so,

encouragement from the government financially well. The thing that is going on right now is that there is an inherent subsidy in any oil burning device and eat any power plant or car.

 

is fundamentally consuming the carbon capacity of the oceans and atmosphere or to say atmosphere for short, so you can take ok, there's a sudden probability of something bad happening, passed, a certain carbon content.

asian at me in the atmosphere, and so this sum uncertain number where we were too much carbon in the atmosphere is over heat. Oceans, warm up ice cap, smell.

ocean. Real estate becomes a lot less valuable, humbugs, underwater and Anne, but it's not clear what that number is, but it's definitely scientists would all it's really quite the scientists. Scientific consensus is overwhelming.

Of warming, I mean, I don't know any seriously

 

actually, zero, literally zero, who don't think that's that's, but we have quite a serious climate risk that we're facing, and so.

This fundamentally, a subsidy occurring with every fossil fuel book burning thing, power, plants, aircraft, car, frankly even rockets, I mean Rockets use up, they burn

fuel, but there's just with rockets? There's no other way to get two Aubert, unfortunately, so the only way but with cars does definitely a better way with electric cars and to generate the energy do so with photovoltaics, because we ve got a giant. Then, when you clear reactor in the sky called the son, it's great.

 

Shows of everyday fair level, so if you can generate energy from solar panels, stored with batteries can have energy twenty four hours a day, and then you can have consented to the Poles coordinate near two to the north. With

I voted lines on the north, nor the northern part of parts of the world tend to have a lot of hydro. Power is well underway that all of us off your power things have an inherent subsidy which is their consumption of the carbon capacity of the atmosphere and ocean. So he will tend to think like why. Why should electric vehicles have a subsidy, but they are not taken

 

to account? That's all fossil fuel book burning vehicles fundamentally are subsidized by the cost, the environmental cost to earth, but nobody is paying for it. We are going to pay for it. Obviously, in the future, we will pay for it.

it has not paid for now now? What is the bottleneck in regard

to electric cars and trucks, and things like that is it battery capacity yeah go to scale up production of car, compelling make it better than

Selina diesel cars making more efficient in terms of late to distance. It can travel, you're gonna get far far enough recharge.

And you're roadster you're urine

dissipating six hundred miles, is that correct, yeah yeah we would

with Alexander MILES out right now I'll give you driven one six hundred miles now: network

 

they make one right now there were six her mouth, but the thing is too expensive so that

cars are much more so widely Salvatore kilowatt Hour, Pat battery pack and you

There are six hundred miles my mercy. What do you have now? Three hundred and thirty mile?

and thus reclaiming thirty mile range and what is at issue in terms of kilowatts. Well, that would be for model s hundred kilowatt hour. Pack will do about Threerd, thirty Mildmay, three thirty five, as some people have hype.

While the two five hundred mile high profile that would just like go on forty

five hours and hours, somebody out like thirty miles an hour serious on level ground with Papa tyres up really well gonna smooth surface in and you can go for a long time, but definitely

They do three hundred miles. Is there s mind for most people, usually two hundred or turn fifty miles is fine thread of miles? Is you don't even think of

 

really is there any possibility that you could use solar power that solar powered one day specially in LOS Angeles and then, as you said, it

the giant nuclear reactor a million times bigger than earth floating in the sky. Is it

Well, that one day you'll be able,

his power, all these cars,

just on solar power. I mean we don't ever have

many days, if we do this three of them well, that the surface area of a car is without making the correct

really blocky or having some like a g wagon, reallocate or and unjust

Gotta. Look a lot of serb, sir we're like maybe like solar panels, fold out or something like your class thats we needed, but you type,

yeah that the Jaguar each type with a giant, long hood, that could be a giant solar panel. What behaved as I did when I have this light:

unfolding solar panel thing, they'd press a button, and I would just like unfolding solid,

 

Animals and like charge recharge your car in the parking lot. Ah, yet we could do that, but I think is probably better to just put them.

Ruth right, and then it's gonna be facing the sent all the time, because I, what car wage about in the shade of in the shade commit a garage is right here: didn't fiscal

have on the roof, the fiscal karma. Now,

generation for us, I believe, was only for the the radio that correct yeah. I mean that I think it could like

Greece hard like two miles a day, or did you laugh when they start blowing up when they get hit with water demur? What happened? They got that

yeah, the wind they had dealership lawyer fiscal Carmen. We're part is that, like that with a flood and says when the hurricane came in, they got overwhelmed with water and they also exploding this fucking great video of it. You watch the video added watch, the

video, but fallacies on picture of the I've been loomed up,

 

What does that have video laugh, my ass? They are blown up. They go

When they blew up, that's not good yeah, we made it

battery waterproof. So that doesn't happen, smile

yeah there's a guy in Kazakhstan. That I think is Kazakhstan that he has just voted through

tunnel under an underwater tunnel that could flooded tunnel and just.

Turn the wheels to steer and pressed accelerator, and it just floated through that

any smiles steered around the other cars you like

that's me. It's on the internet. What happens?

if your car gets a little sideways like if you're, driving and snow like what, if you driving

if your autopilot is on

and you're in like Denver

snows out.

Its little sideways, Tis, a correct its

does. However, it's got great tat attraction control but doesn't know. Had I correct, you know

oh yeah, ass and kicked out. You not account to steer, knows

 

It knows how to do it well. Pray! Crazy! That's pretty crazy!

So I give you grown sideways. He knows how to correct itself.

Generally want go sideways want now. Why not? It will correct itself before it goes sideways

even in black eyes. Yes, this videos. We could see the car b

that alone, traction control system is very good at makes fix your man great. He like feel like you didn't like make. You feel focusing.

Credible driver? I believe now, how do you programme? What would we do? Our testing on like an ice lake in Sweden, a real area and like Norway and Canada and a few other place Porsche, does allow there to video in as well. They do a lot of their. They do some other driver training school on these frozen surfaces, so you're, just

the cars going sideways with you like it or not, and you have to learn how to slide.

 

Into corners and how it asked. But will electric cars have really great traction control, because the reaction times so fast ran so the

but guessing car you ve got a lotta latency takes a while for the and the engine to react, and but for elected electric motors incredibly precise. That's why you're not like look

If you like a printer or something you you haven't, you wouldn't have a gasoline engine printer that we pretty weird or

 

or like a surgical device. It's gonna be an electric motor on the surgical device on the printer gassing engines. Can we just chugging away scan are going to have the reaction time but to an electric motor, its operating at the most second level, so it can turn on track. Antonov traction. If, within, like inches of getting on the honest like this, they driver patch, vice it'll, turn traction off and then turn it on a couple inches right off the ice like a little patch of ice.

because in the frame of the electric motor you're moving incredibly slowly you're like a snake, it's your snail you're, just moving so slowly because it's it's

I can see at a thousand francs a second, it's like say one Mississippi it. It just thought about things

 

thousand times so it's realise that your wheels are not getting traction it underneath

answer some slippery surface it you driving on, as it makes adjustments in real time. Yes and milliseconds,

There will still be so much safer than irregular car. It is just that

on four loved ones. You did you want them to be driving a car, yes, that on board

voters do fuck, regular motors that them as action three are to have the lowest probability of injury. If any cars ever tested by the US government well says yeah, but it's pretty fun.

Pretty crazy weep? You know people still sue us like they'll, have like some accident at sixty miles, an hour where they like twisted and ankle

and they said they like there be dead, another car they still to us, but that's the expected. Isn't it is to be expected

 

You take that into account, would like the same sort of fatalistic

you know, undertones, to sort of discover,

you got his eyes, let it go! This is what people do

God knows what it is quite a lot of respect for the justice system, judges, a very smart and they see theyve as like I've. So five,

found judges to be very good at justice, because I like what, like an juries, a good two like there actually quite good, you know people

Are you read about like a casual errors in the just?

system later you most the time, the very good and like there, the other guy mentioned that who fell asleep in the car

Are you he rode over a cyclist and an end, and that was what encouraged me to get autopilot autism is possible that guy suit us he sued you for falling asleep.

 

Yes, he will eat. I I'm not coming. He blamed on the new car smell. What? Yes, he blamed

him falling asleep on you now

car smell.

did. Someone is a lawyer as a real thing that happened. What is a lorry that thought that, through in front of his laptop before you wrote that up? Yes, he got a lawyer and he sued us and the judge was like you.

This is crazy. Stop bothering me now! Thank God. Yes, thank God

God is Georgia. There was a brain dredges, judges, a very good some

what about that enlargement voice up the river

Pennsylvania whose sound those kids out, nobody story,

judge, was selling young boys to present.

He was like literally yeah, literally under bribes, for he was was this

to judge or it

 

you have just like. Actually a politician, no has elected judges, is a very famous story who he's in jail right now. I think for the rest of his life and he

he put away, he would take her to a young boy, would do something like steel, something from a story and he would put him in detention for a five year. Something work over ridiculous, your courageous and

They investigated this history and they found out that he was literally being paid off. Was it by

private prisons, is that what the deal was

there was some sort of, but anyway, this judges to judges for judges, kids for cask and also the eye common. Please judges.

so I think they are elected and who is paying them some one. It was.

proven to the point where they are in jail. Now

paying them too.

who put more asses in the seats in these private, presents a payment to put him in the EU

 

spilled over a million dollar payment? I do think it's this process.

prisons thing is creating a balance and art right, yes, but that judges in Prison- thank God, yes, but I buy it for people who

Perhaps the justice system consists entirely of judges like that. I want to assure you. This is not the case. The vast majority of judges, a very good I agree, and they care about justice

and they could have made a lot more money if they wanted to be a trailer and instead they care

justice and they made less money because they care about justice, and that's why they're judges.

I feel the same way about police officers.

there are so many interactions with so many different people with police officers that the very few

that stand out that are horrific. We we too

and to look at that like this is evidence of police are all corrupt and I think that's crazy. No most most, please

there are a very honest, yes on and and and and and

 

the more inhabitants, lonely, and by now that I know I'll get very honourable ethical people, yes, and much more, our moral ethical below the average person that repression does my impressions well, but an that's what it's just that we will be completed,

assume everyone's unethical and

If somebody is, is given a a trusted place in society such as being a police officer or a judge, and they are corrupted, then we must be extremely vigilant against such situations, yes and take action, but but we should not think that this is somehow broadly.

Descriptive of people in their profession. I can agree more, I think, is also an issue with some one of the things that happens with people.

officers, prosecutors and and and anyone who is trying to kid

big someone or arrest someone as that it becomes a game and, in

James people want to win. Sometimes people cheat. Yes, yes, I mean, if it

 

If your prosecution, you should not always want to win. There are times when you should like locate, should not want to in this case, and then this pass on that case. Sometimes we want to win too much. That is true, and it also becomes tough if you're sure, like a district.

Honey, you know it. You use a tentative, see a lot of criminals and then your your view of the world can get negative. We ask of a negative,

You have a negative view of the world because you ve just interacting criminals

play most of society is not consist of. Criminals might have to have this conversation at dinner, so we'll just go with the truth. Tony. I was like

man was sometimes seem pretty dark because mechanism

some terrible human beings out there and, like you and yours like doing some case, which consisted of

 

A couple of old Ladys that would run people over somehow for insurance money. It was rough. Allow us thus pretty rough as like it so hard to maintain faith in humanity if you're district attorney, but

But you know it's only a few percent of society that are actually bad and then, if you go to the worst say point one percent of society, other.

Worst one in a thousand one in a million, but how about as the millionth,

this person in United States rarity damn bad like damn. Evil like the familiar things like the millionth of one in a million of evil, is so evil. He will could not even

 

conceive of it, but this three hundred and thirty million people, the United States, so that three hundred thirty people out there somewhere but by the same token, does also threatened three people on earth and credible angels and unbelievably good human beings yeah on the other side, but because of our fear of danger,

We tend to our thoughts, tend gravitate towards the worst case scenario. Yes, and we want a frame that ended this one of the real problems with prejudice we want and whether, as prejudice towards

different minorities or prejudice towards police officers or anything. So if we want to look

worst case scenario and say this is an example of what this is all about, and you see that even with people

are they frame genders some some men frame, women like they get ripped off.

A few women and they sat all women are evil. Some women get fucked or by a few men. All men are shit and in this this

very toxic and its also

 

it's a very unbalanced way of viewing the world and its very emotionally based and its base on you

experience your anecdotal experience and it can.

It can be very influential to the people around you and it's just today.

this way. It's a dangerous thought process and pattern to promote it is. It is a very dangerous, but I really think people should give other people the benefit of the doubt, and

assume that there are good until proven otherwise, and really most people are actually pretty good people nobody's perfect

They have to be if you think that vast numbers of us thirty interact with each other with each other,

instantly. We have to be better than we think we are known

There's no other way. I these weapons like, but how many times like nobody's, preserving

I d motor and nobody yes nobody's like, but not right, flamelets, writer, fake flame, thirty years, not a flame through hell, we're gonna go

problem. I'm report on that side to leave for the guests yeah.

 

Look man, I say some doubt fucked up. It's right. There live and the thing is for sure guarantees make any party better yap. Well, that's

nets, they armed civil,

in theory right that an armed

Community is safe and polite community.

Access to cultural yeah. I mean

people to access a super polite. Never

make somebody angry now don't know. What's gonna happen? Yes, on a good move, yeah piss people, often everybody can have a gun off just slip.

guy get in your lane, yeah yeah. What are we gonna big.

A site and Central Texas New NGO, beautiful. He asked

this in Macgregor about fifty miles

We got close to her tat. Digit lives it out its head. Nugent,

 

ok, cool yeah there in a we have like lots of

fire loud explosions and things people that their call with it. I don't give a fuck out there, there's very supportive yeah, you can buy fireworks, we kids go to school the ads. You know it's dangerous yeah, but it's free

three there's something about oasis, that's very enticing, because that it is dangerous, but its also free right, yeah. I can like Texas

well. I prefer over places that are more restrictive, but more liberal because

you could always be liberal I'd just because

These are free and just because you have a certain amount of right wing type characters. It doesn't

mean you have to be that way. You an honestly there's a lot of those people that are pretty fuckin open minded and let you do whatever you,

to do right.

Bother them yeah, exactly that's my hope right now, with

 

The way were able to communicate with each other today and how radically different it is. Then generations past is that we all

The dust saddles, and we all realize I like what you are saying that most people are good. Most people are good. The vast majority. Yes, I think give you will benefit out for sure. I think you're right, you know, get help that what mushrooms don't think they're delicious yeah right too good for you too,

All kinds of what do you see in terms of like when you think about the future of our companies

What do you see is like bottlenecks, much more than her

What do you see in terms of like bottlenecks?

the things that are that are holding back innovation. Is it right.

you're commissions and and people. The donor stand the technology that are in

 

printing policy. What what? What could potentially beholding you guys back right now.

Is there anything that you would change your question? You know I wish which politicians were better at science. That would help a lot. That's

problem? Yes, there's no incentive for them to be good at science. There isn't actually another pretty good at science in China. I have to say yeah. The mayor of Beijing is, I believe, an environmental engineering degree and the deputy mayor of Physics,

I met them and they are so. Shanghai is really smart and wood.

Europe on technology. What you think about this government policy of of stopping use of waterway phones and does there

something about that than the worry about. Spying is

 

mean from what I understand from real tat people. They think it's horseshit.

Oh I'd, I found it. I know I don't know how to govern say. Don't you buy waterway phones.

Did you up on our now

we just then, and this idea well. I like, I guess, if you're, if you're rub, if you have like topsecret stuff,

then you wanna be pretty careful about what hardware you use, but you know, like most, people do not have topsecret stuff right like

Nobody really casual porn you watch earlier is like nobody actually cares. You know

have they do that's kind on them.

Communities like nationals by agencies do not do not give a rat's ass. Well

Why not? For you watch that I do not care so like what secrets to death.

 

Nationals by agency have learned from the average citizen pipe. Nothing. Will that stood argument against the the narrative

the argument by lotteries, tat people is that the real concern is that these companies, like waterway, are

innovating at a radical pace and they trying to stop them from integrating in our culture and letting this right right. Now there, the number two cellphone manufacturer in the World- ok, Samsung number one always number two apples now number three: they surpassed apples number two and the idea.

This is all had taken place without them. Having any foot

whatsoever in America. There are no there

No carriers that have their phones, you have to buy their phones unlocked through some

a third party and then put ok, so

and though the worry is that these are some

another controlled by the chinese government. They come.

Is chinese government is gonna distributor.

phone and out of its, though the worries economic,

influence they'll have to

 

which power ought to know what it is you

You pay attention and it is not really. You know I don't think reached worry too much about oil funds. You know, maybe you know,

security agencies shouldn't have. However, why five, maybe that's a question mark but

for the average citizen. It doesn't matter, didn't just like. No, that's not it. Pretty short. The chinese government does not care about the goings on of the average mechanism. Is dead

Is there a time where you think that there will be no security work

impossible to hold back information that, whatever bottleneck boat, will let go we're gonna we're gonna give in

whenever bottleneck between privacy and ultimate innovation, which will have to be bridged in order?

for us to achieve the next level of technological proficiency that we're just gonna abandonment and they'll be no

 

no security, no privacy do people want privacy, as they say

put everything on the internet.

Around now here confused. But when you Talkin about your Nora link in this this idea that one day we are

to be able to share information. We're gonna be some sort of a thing that symbol

finally symbiotic connect here, I think we will need to worry about security in that situation and one sure that's like a security, Paramount shore, but also.

we will. We will be

will be so much different. Large our concerns about money, about staff

it's about where all these things will will seemingly go by the wayside. If we really become enlightened, if we

become artificially enlightened by some

sort of an age interface.

We have the symbiotic relationship with some

new internet type can

and to information. What

What happens then? What

 

What is important and what is not important, is privacy important. When we're all gods, I mean, I think, the things that we think are

keep private right now. Right, we probably will not think or shame right

information right.

What are you? What are you hiding emotions where we had? I mean, I think, like previous, like embarrassing,

right, embarrassed and stuff, but it does actually like giving people does not that much. That's kept private, the people that is actually relevant right that be what other people actually care about. Me think other people care about her, but they don't really care about us, and so

governs, don't what some people care about it, but then it gets weird when you, when it gets exposing Jennifer Lawrence when old, naked pictures or got exposed Agatha

In some ways, people liked or more than they were,

 

she's a person. Just a girl who, like sex in this, is to live and as a boyfriend and sends a messages. And now you get to look into it and you probably shouldn of somebody

go and they put online and she seems to be doing

a person she's, just you and me in the same things in some weird place where she's gonna thirty five foot tall,

green, with music playing every time she talks yadda rush

she's like not have not I'm not happy about it, but she notches birches fairly doing fine, but once this interface

is fully realised where we

really do become something far more powerful

In terms of our cognitive ability are our ability to understand irrational thoughts and and mitigate them, and they were

all connected in, some

sort of an insane way. Would it mean how would it what our thoughts on wealth, I thought

 

on social status, like how many of those just evaporate and our need for privacy?

we need for privacy will be the ultimate bottleneck that will have to subject the we'll have to surpass. I think the things that we think are important no will probably not be important in the future,

but there will be things that are important. What was more, for things might be some more of ideas. Potentially I dont think Darwins going away

right, though, is gonna, be there.

There was no doubt will be there forever forever. It will just be a different to a different Irina, the victory of the digital arena. The foot arena dollars are going away. What keeps you up at night was quite hard to run. Companies

 

Especially car companies who are challenging the cart businesses the hardest Manuel.

the things you do? Yes,

The consumer and business is opposed to space acts and not the basics of space access. My walk in the park, but but a car company spread, of course, keep car company alive, spread of guilt. You know there's only two car companies in the history of moroccan car companies that haven't gone back.

That's Ford and Tesla? That's it! He Ford rode out that crazy storm her though the only one is getting their teeth shut out. The Mustang

about security, that isn't

Stan, whereas able tells us we barely survived how close to get the folding very close. We.

 

or two thousand is not a good time to be a car company, especially a start of car company and especially in Lecter Car company. I was like Stupirti Squared, and this is when you have those cool roads

hers with the tire with a target up. Yeah we're like here is a highly

Finally chassis, the body was completely different, were Superman.

strategy that we actually did was item is based on two false premises. One false premise was that would be able to

cheaply, convert the Lotus lease and use that as a car platform, and that will be able to use technology from the store company called AC propulsion for the electric, Dr Train and the battery

is facing propulsion technologies are now working production and when

 

using none of it and long term, none of it where to resign. Everything and then the once you out a battery pack, an electric motor show card. Gotta heavier got three percent heavier

invalidated the entire structure or the crush structure. Everything had to be redrawn. Nothing like that. I think it had less than seven percent of the parts were common with any other device, including cars or anything,

seven percent. Yes, everything, including tyres and wheels ports breaks yet even as they

and will see, the steering wheel was, I think the steering wheel was almost the same ass. This tat, the the windscreen

went whence different. Now I feel the same yes, I think so. I think we re vote

Lastly, seven percent. So that's what basically

everybody panels. Different the entire structure is different. The we couldn't use the h, like the age back system that the commissioner was about driven

 

now I needed something that was actually driven will need a new AC compressor.

And all that takes away from the battery live as well. We need small, highly efficient air conditioning system that fit in a tiny car and was electrically powered,

not belt driven very difficult. How much of those were the those cars the roster, I think it was

Twenty seven hundred pounds, a silvery lion dependent, which version twenty six. Fifty two tweets him fifty pounds, oh my god, and what was the weight distribution it was about fifty well, there are different versions of the car, so

about fifty five in the rear. It was real rear, bias right, but not bad liking. Considering like a nine eleven which, like one of the most popular sports cars while time heavy wherein bias. Well, I mean.

 

Yeah, but the nine eleven lacking the Turk is like the bastard despite

Newton, not being on their side of your fighting Newton, it's very difficult! Well, if I gave you.

Thus the moment of inertia on yeah, I Levin don't make any sense.

do once. You understand

Once you understand, I want to hang the engine of the asked. This is not a wise move. You dont want to lead up on the gas when you're in a corner of the parliament with whether, with with something that's

Where the engine is mountain of the rear, Axel or off the rear, Axel toward the rear, say a poem.

But of inertia, is fundamentally screwed you cannot solve. This. Is unsolvable use road problem

the notorious your screwed right, like sex life. If you spend the car like a top,

that. Does your parliament of inertia you're just a promise. I swear this show whether we really to my friend tell their practical fuck himself.

 

Told you not to swear afraid a good friend s where we realize you're fucking, Elon Musk.

do whatever we want man variegated fuse Commie elsewhere in private,

wherever storm to save frickin, it's fun way. The cycle

All house moms

wives and share that they have children. Yes, frickin thing better way like like the portions and uttering how

a handles, given that it's the physics he asked

We have enough sheriff Hartman up,

to actually still make it work well is isn't gravel. What do you know how to turn to the corner once you get used to the feeling of it, there's actual benefits to it

there are some benefits I enjoy the car. I had before

There was a nine eleven

ok, has nine, nine, seven or sick at seven

 

great Carmen yeah, I'm in particular with other ports,

when they had a variable, veins turbo and you didn't have the toolbar lagged. I was great Azra great, whatever language is like here, if you for it,

Phone home player in the older one, thinks about an hour later. Let our accelerates and super dangerous drugs in the real world start spinning, yeah, there's something fun.

about a fellow like feeling that rear wait, taking around

again Ozma efficient, filter yeah, I agree, but does that

was talking about earlier about that little car that I have than ninety three nine eleven assist theirs is not fast, does not listen.

best handling car, but it's more

It is fine than any other car have

because it's so mechanical, it's like everything about it like

crack, poles and bumps, and it gives us feed.

Can I take it to the communist or because, when I get there, I feel it

 

my brain, is this popping and Sunfire Fire its strategy for me now that I

really stop driving other cars there. I drive that car there just for the brain juice. Just

there, the inner, the interaction arranged to try,

less pure another day, I'll turn lawyer, mind skull. Ok, yeah tell me

what order order model s people,

de ok James. That data is the car that I drive. Ok, ok, I'll get with the car. You drive, ok,

don't might have our side. I believe you have drive

her father. Eighty miles, that's good for allayed, regular

days, you'll never noticed the battery. Never never how hard

to get like one m: crazy plugs, starting your house that difficult now its severity

just like a dry or plug in second violet. Didn't you come up

some crazy tiles for your roof that are solar panels? Yeah yeah worth having

 

my refer not actually just try it out. That's it though they its it takes a while to test roof stuff because

roofs after last, a long time rather like what you live route elastic, could it curdle years over a regular roof now the sawdust

versions as like this all powers you put on a roof so liked best,

whether Europe's new or old, save european-

you don't want to place the Russia want to put like so pound on the front. So that's like retrofit. You know I never try to make the record for pounds of realize

but then the new product we carry out with is, if, if you, if you have a roof, that's either you building

or you're going to replace a roof anyway, then you make the site. The tiles sought have sole

solar cells embedded in the tiles, and then it's quite a tricky thing because you want to

not see the solar cell behind the big, the glass tile ass. He really work with the

ass an end at the end of the rivers, coatings and layers, so that you don't say

 

the solar cell behind the glass. Otherwise it doesn't look right. Weren't such really tricky theirs

to put it up there, yet Hannah looks good,

She is right. If you look closely, can save you zoom in right. You can see the sea the cell,

But if you zoom out, you don't see the right, but

screen, go that's more isabel, so really hard, because you have to sunlight, go through right, but we're too, when this, when it gets reflected back out it. Doesn't it hides the fact

Does a seller now are those available to the consumer right now all we have

I think those are my roof right there. Yes, that's amazing,

those good I like

That one sort o,

that kind of fake spanish. Looking thing I, like best french light, that's why

 

people in Connecticut Smoking pipes without one that's bad ass did so actually work, I believe

so the thus the solar panels and our on that house that we just looked at is that sufficient to power the entire home it

on your energy on her composure, yeah.

generally ass, I would say, is probably for most, it's gonna vary, but it anywhere from

more than you need to.

Maybe half like who have to one point, five of the energy that you need depending on how much roof you have

what's to living space and how ridiculous you're, with tv tvs, no problem Anders

their emission echo conditioning. That is the problem. If you have an efficient air conditioner and you don't

and putting on how like our

 

air conditioning rooms when they dont need to be a condition which is very common cause in the neck ears like programmer vcr like right now, it's just

blinking, twelve, so people just like I have a thought I was gonna- make it this temperature all day long right, I don't have a smart homeward. If you're in the room, then stay cool right, yeah sure predict when you're gonna be home.

and then cool the room. The rooms that you

likely to use with a little

but of intelligence. We're not talking about like gene.

His home here was talking like elementary basic stuff ran like if you can hook that into the car. Like news

coming home, like is not more willing. The home run in a calm, keep in the heart of the home, really cool

oh you're, not their right. It can tell your coming home, was going to court to write.

But you're right. You have an outer that works with your solar panels or anything like that. Yeah area.

And we need to hook it up to a to really make the air conditioning. Have you thought about creating an air conditioning?

 

system I

you have your question. I cannot answer questions about

Fischer, pretend ok, let's just let it go, will move on to the next thing. That would be an interesting idea

she outside radiant heating, all that good ideas. Now, when you win

you think about the efficiency of these homes and you think about implementing.

Solar power and battery power, and is there anything else that people are missing is or any other like?

I just saw a smart watch that is powered by the

heat of the human body at some new.

Technology is able to fully power

I dont know if italy- or if it's like this was right here. This is it

Casio. It's called a protest and its in like an outdoors watch and solar powered, and so it has the ability to operate for a certain amount of time on solar yeah. So if you have it exposed, it can function.

 

for a on solar, yell Ito like there's. The self waiting

such as where ya gotta wait in the watch and as you move your wrist, the weight moves from one side to the other and at what wines? The watch up. That's a pretty cool thing. Yeah,

yeah. But it's amazing that, like Rolex, is that it's all done mechanically GINO batteries, and there is no nothing you can do the same.

in queer little charger, that's based on risk movement, but really

and how much energy watches you know it's fucked up about that

We accept a certain manner like fuckers, with those watches. Like I brought my

watch I've, a rolex that my friend Lorenzo gave me and I brought it to the watch store

and I said this things always fast-

Sid? It's always like after a couple months like five minutes fast and they go yet.

Really is what it does hold on. I go.

you telling me that it just is always gonna be fast. There's a guy, it's like

 

every few months ago, a reset it seems like wish recalibrate that thing they can't they.

ride. They say every few months with its four months for five months or six months, gonna be a couple minutes fast. Ok,

seems like they should really recalibrate that vineyards initiates always decided in our delete. Those minutes, fucking kick down the door Rolex

which is a lazy, discover, amazingly and keep onerous watch with these tiny little game

It's amazing. I mean, though the whole luxury watch market is fascinating. I feel

I'm not that involved in it

I don't buy them- are bottom. Is gifts or non binding for myself when I look at them online with this million dollar watches out there. Now that are like they have

a little rotating moons and stars and they they live. They look at this

How to download J these

preposterous.

Like yours, I love them. I looked, I think, there's beautiful

 

but there's some of these people that is taken. It rightly asked thereby

He watches like seven fifty thousand dollars my girl, that's a time, Exxon,

nobody knows, it's not

a better than some Casio that you just by legally. That, though, what here's the thing

if your person that doesn't just want to know the time you want

craftsmanship. You wants

artisans touch you want,

Innovation in terms of like a person

Figuring out how gears and colleagues all line up perfectly to every time it

parents over its basically a second me. That's just this, this art to that that's great,

it's not just telling time they are like this.

Watch a lot, but if it got hit by a Rocco at sad Sis to watch the mass produce,

Thing that runs on some courts battery, but those things

 

this art. Yet no, I agree too beautiful yeah yeah blow it now.

there's something something amazing about it. It's because

represents the human. Creativity is not just that.

just electronic innovation,

there's something this is a person work in that death. You have watch on

now every used have what would happen. My boyfriend tells the time point, but

lose your phone. Do you went on shirt? Let me guess,

You are a no case guy, that's correct

I regard the ash

the grass Thyssen dealer Grass times in the last week, I marveled visibility to get through life that a case right

You know he takes his phone and he flipped cemeteries. Fingers like, like

 

a soldier would do it. His rifle is roles that China between his fingers. Marvellous. He says that

reason why they do it he said. Would you look

as someone who has rifle? What will they do that

They flippin around like that right, so that when it goes to drop, they haven't, enhance the catch quickly. Does what is phone you just flippity phone around.

I got that Mexico I was hoping it holds. Joint does do anything at all you just

how to hold its George story out there, but like try to put a joined their close it you put like one one blunt one that seems pretentious. You know, that's the idea behind it. I bought it. One thousand max jokes: I figure to be a good sized to hold joint or fraud,

 

Says that a joint posted a cigar yet now, ok,

marijuana in light of tobacco, ok says I push plot

upon your. How that I think I tried one once come on man and probably can't because Stockholm, I mean it's legal right to legal,

How does it work to people get upset at you? If you do certain things,

back and marijuana there. That's.

did the combination of tobacco marijuana. Wonderful first turned

do it by Charlie Murphy and then reignited by day, Chapelle plus Whisky, exactly

Bounces it up.

I also druggist grandfather, while its

 

the draw its a drug that gets a bad rap because you just have a little crate

little sip here and there and you see or inhibitions, relaxed and shows you true self, and hopefully your more joyous and friendly and happy and and everything the real worries

the people they can't handle it like. The real worry about people can handle.

Cars that go zero to sixty one point, nine seconds or anything

ever considered something that

Imagine if one day everyone has a car. That's

on the same at least technological standard as one of your cars and

one agrees that the small,

Thing to do is not just to have bumpers but

perhaps have some sort of a magnetic repellent device, something some.

Electro magnetic field

round the cars that has come,

has come close to each other the autumn?

 

clearer adequately de celebrate because magnets or something what I'm in our cars break, automatically break their yeah when they see things yes, but look of physical barriers.

The weather wheels were pretty well wheels, pretty well decelerated at one point, one to one point: two geez

that kind of thing is, you are concerned the one day all your cars would be on the road and then-

still be regular people

regular cars. Twenty thirty years from now, that'll get

the mix and be them the main problem yeah they fix or like there was a time of transition or their horses and gasoline cars on the road at the same time has been pretty where ah that'll be the worst yeah

 

I'm horses were tricky back in Manhattan. Had a three hundred thousand horses, they forgot like floor horse lives. Fifteen years, twenty thousand

says that governed at every day, however, every year should say every a tweet on horses office, three thousand was is, and a few near lifespan

Back in the gangs in New York days, that movie,

a lot of their horses. You needed a horse to move the horse wearing the prodigal retrieve pretty freaked out if they have to pay their debts.

Do you think they know what's going on

it is rather tired, pretty weird

now what about my dragon? This dead?

in a hoarse around and on a horse

do you ever get up and think about

your role,

in civilization, different, stop and think about your role in the culture cause me as a person never met you until today, when I think of you

 

I've always thought of. You has been this weirdos super inventor dude, who, just somehow another keeps coming up with new shit.

but does not a lot of you out there like everybody else, seems to be

Obviously you make a lot of money in a lot of people to make a lot of money. You like TAT, clock president right is a great clock. One gets one sure, ok done

like where things like this are this is the coolest is tt promotion. What is his TT studios too

Did she studios yeah?

gentlemen, who makes all this by hand? Yes, really cool. Let's study is filled with where devices

well get ready for another one?

son your way. You want a werewolf to hook up

one, a werewolf and one clock. Comin up! Do you

think about your role in the culture cause me as a person ever met you until today, of always

 

Did you like power has is greatest?

Inventing shit, I carry you

You keep coming up with all these new devices in what do you ever consider?

How on you like, I had a dream once

that there was a million teslas. Instead of like one Tesla, there was a million teslas, not justly the car but Niccolo, oh yeah, sure, and that in

his day. There was a million people like him who were

radically innovative. It was a weird dream.

was so strange and I've had it more once result in very rapid taken

Gee, innovation, that's for sure it's one of the only dreams. My life have had more than one time. Ok, like whereof, woke up and it's in the same dream. I mean the same dream and in

this dream, its nineteen fourteen nineteen fifties, but

Everyone is severely advance, there's flying glimpse with like Elsie DE screens in the side of him and everything's bizarre and strange, and it it stuck with me

 

for whatever obviously just stupid dream, but for whatever reason, all these years

stuck with me like it takes one man like Niccolo Tesla

to have more than a hundred inventions that were patent tripe mean he had some pretty great

Fucking amazing ideas. Yes, but there were slightly

in his day there was very few people like him is true. What if there is a million

what in ending the very quickly right

there's not a million Elon musk says one mother fucker. Do you think about? That

please try. Not, I dont think I don't think really want to be.

 

Well, what's the worst part about um people would like it that much, but they can't be. So that's why I'll take some superhero type shit. You know when my baby, spider man, sleep, tight and Gotham City. I hope he's out there doing his job is very hard to turn it off.

What's the hardest part, might sound great too if it means around. But what, if it doesn't turn off now,

I showed you, the isolation tank and you you ve, never experience that before. I think that could help you turn off a little bit just for the right yeah, just

you ve been asleep little bit of perspective,

magnesium that you get from the water as well. That makes you makes you sleep

because the waters absence alternate

but maybe some sort of strategy for

sacrificing your by allowed order, not sacrificing by enhancing your biological recovery time by.

 

Figuring out away, whether assume meditation or some other ways to shut off that that thing at night.

You must have a constant.

Stream of ideas, its run through your head, all the time again, text messages from checks now

I'm getting text messages for a manager and say what the hell are you doing smoking weed, zip at variance legal government approved. It's not. You know

I'm not a regular smoker of reed. How often smuggling almost never.

I mean is it I dont actually noticed any effect while they go

There was a time work. I think it was wrong dance for someone gave some buddhist monk bunch acid.

ok and ate it and have no effect on. I doubt that

 

I would say that too, but I've never met.

headed to the level that some of these people have, whether constantly meditating all day they don't have any material possessions and all of their energy is spent tranche.

If certain mindset, I would like to cynically deny that

I like the senegalese pages, fuck and think the same way. I do they just hang out with flip flops on make weird noises, but maybe now, as I know, a lot of people like weed and that's fine, but I don't find that it is very good for

productivity for you. But for me the ads didn't mean. I would imagine that for someone like you, it's not something you be Mala, cub coffee

You wanna european latte. Yes, quite the opposite of a cup of coffee. Would you like a cup of coffee in reverse

 

We do so, I'm saying you would like more more like will be beneficial to you would be like coffee I like to get things done like to use, for that is one of the hardest

things to do and I'll be useful when you say you'd like to get things done layer in terms of like what are they value? Satisfaction when you complete a project when something something that you invent comes to fruition, and you see people enjoying it that feeling yes doing something useful for other people that I like doing that's interesting for other people,

so that do you think that that is maybe the way you recognise that you have this unusual position in the culture weaken uniquely influence certain things

because of this

Many essentially have a gift right.

You with Ngos occurs, but I'm sure it's been.

 

You will, by many many years of discipline and learning

but you essentially have a gift and they

have this radical

creativity engine when it comes to innovation and technology like you're, just you're going

at a very high, our all the time. What is our lives and stuff

I don't know what would happen if I got into a sensor. Deprivation tank try cells will concerning

who running the engine with no resistance

That is not what it is, though. Maybe it's not maybe it's fine. I don't know how much I it tried.

Have you ever is founded experimental,

with meditation or anything. Yet what do you do?

 

I would have you done rather area, just sort of sit there and be quiet and then repeat some mantra which acts as a focal point. Its does still the mind it just don't mind, but I don't find myself

onto it frequently. Do you think that perhaps productivity is

may be more attractive to you,

the enlightenment,

or even the concept to whatever enlightenment means like what are you trying to achieve in your meditating? All tat we would

You it seems, like almost like there's a frantic this to your creativity that comes out of this. This burning furnace,

And fruit, in order for you to combat thing down, Katharine might have.

 

Throw too much water on it like a never ending explosion. I what is it like?

I try to explain it to a dumb person. Like me,.

What's going on here and never ending explosion,

constant ideas is bouncing around who Dan

So when everybody leaves since Ilan Centre

brush, his teeth, just bunch ideas, bounce around your head who all time

When did you realize that that's not the case of most people, I think one of us if I were sex or something I thought I was insane. Why do you think you're insane, because it is clear that people do not want their mind? Wasn't exe

 

voting with ideas also time they were in expressing it. They weren't talking about an old any realised by time we're five or six like oh they're, probably not

in getting this thing that I'm getting no interest strange? Who is like an strange

the strange, but did you feel demand

spider in like no

This is a weird thing that you really probably couldn't commiserate with with other people.

There were they wouldn't understand you have there wouldn't find out, because they might like put me away or something you sought that for second this, when you were little rewarded,

me away like when you were little use, others as well.

you thought is so radically different than the people around me if they find it

I got the stream come in there,

 

Yeah, it's only like virus ex do.

think this is like a mean, there's there's outliers, biologically.

You mean, there's people that are seven foot. Nine, as people of giant hands is people their eyes at twenty.

Fifteen vision is always outliers. You feel like you're caught this like you, ve got

some like on some weird.

Innovation, creativity,

sort of wave. That's very unusual! I keep you tapped into wins.

think of them that the various things even able accomplish in a very short amount of time and your car

Really doing this. That's a weird! Your weird person right, I agree Here-

what, if there's a million Ilan mosques or that would be.

 

we're very where whew yeah we prepared like real, where personally.

now, one of their main targets, the previous tuna,

I mean, I think, that's the case with a lot of folks yeah I mean

like my girls like twitter, useful things, maximize, probably futures good, making future exciting three or four too.

 

with your Tesla will try make things that people love is like not how things keep buying it. You really love that really give you joy, so rare, sir. I wish there were more things thus or try to,

Snake things that somebody love when you, when you think about many things that someone loves like do specifically think about like what things when

move people's experience like? What? What would change the way people interface with life that would make them.

More relaxed or more happy, you really think like when you

thinking about things like that that, like money, you're considerations, what we're gonna do that would help people.

don't be, they won't be able to figure out like like what are the sort of things that can be done to make the future better.

 

Like. So I think that a future where we are space bearing civilization and out there

the stars. This is very exciting. This makes me look forward to a future. Makes me want that future. In other things need to be things that make you look forward to waking up in the morning you wake up in the morning. You look forward to the day for

The future, a future where we are space bearing civilization another amongst other he was very exciting. That is a thing we want, whereas if fiend

We would not be a space, Frank civilization, but forever confined to earth. This would not be a good future. That would be very sad. I think

don't want to stop seizure of the just that the finite life

ban earth itself in the solar system itself that, even though it

promise me. I mean how many what we're, how long they feel like the sun and the solar systems exist, how many huh,

 

millions years. Well, it's probably if you're saying

When does the sun boil the ocean ripe about five hundred million years so

is. Is it sad that we never leave because an

I've got a million years. That happens. Is that what you're saying? No? I just think like this. There are two futures and one futurists were out there among the stars and things we read about and see in science fiction movies. The good ones are true: we have these starships and where we were going to see what other planets alike, where Molly Pennant species and the scope and scale of

 

consciousness, expanded the crust, many civilizations and many planets and many star systems. This is a great future. This is a wonderful thing to me: that's what we should strive for, but that's biological travel

that's cells travelling physically to another location.

Using those deftly where we're going. No yeah, I don't think so either I used to think so.

and now I'm thinkin more likely less than ever like

every day, less likely.

That's my go to the moon and Mars yeah.

Do you think we're all gonna die like belt and we're gonna lose Jupiter Saturn you get clearer

Debbie the craziest place ever if we colonise bars and retire formed and turned into like a big Jamaica.

 

This is, and I thought about it I mean imagine rate period as a great. It's perfect

there is an amazing. Alright, we turn the whole thing in Cancun. Well,

media overtime. I wouldn't be easy, video right, it's you could just won't. You could walk up yeah, I'm a big it at air, yes, water. There I mean overtime, move hundreds of millions of years, whatever takes Rubio multi planets. Mrs thirty amazing

you ve gotta species, doesn't always want to be like air conditioning sadder,

pro human me too,

I love humanity. I think it's great we're glad as row

but that you love human

SK as we love you too, and we know why it occurs and eat us and

you don't strangely, I think a lot of people don't like humanity and serious blight pray, do not buy. Think one of those that I think

Part of that is they ve been

they ve been struggling when people say

They associate the struggle with other people.

 

They never internalize problems, they looked other people is holding back and people socket fuck people- and it's just you, know

Evelyn, never ending cycle.

But not always again, most people are really good. Most people vast majority. This may sound

corny, it does sound quite openly. The answer is the answer. It is

It sounds quite because we're all scared, you know we're all scared of trial

love people being rejected. Are some

Taking advantage of you because you're trying to be loving her, what have we argued, just relax and love each other.

When her to have more love in the world,

Jeffrey, wouldn't hurt to be great. We do that yeah. I agree mad. Really.

How do you fix, I ever loved machine is now but probably

 

spend more time with your friends and less time on social media,

now deleting social media from your applications from your phones. They give you

temper samples to happiness was the way these percentages, I think probably some guy air could ten percent. I mean I mean, I think

Kept is twitter because I can. I need some means of getting a message out. You know about it. So far, so good

well, what's interesting, do you actually occasionally engage with people on twitter? Here

What percentage of that is a good idea? Good?

 

ten percent second tar? It's mostly, I think it's on balance, more good than bad weather is definitely some bad.

so do you ever. Hopefully, the good outweighs the bad. Do you ever think

How is the bleared feeling that you get me some says some shit you on twitter and you read it the weird feeling:

weird little negative jaw, Sech a subjective, negative

a lot of energy. They don't really need to absorb it. Do anywhere war fought the scar, fuck him

I mean there's a lot of negativity on Twitter. It is, but

weird it's in in its form, the way if you ingested, as if you're like a tribunal, scientist as your ingesting it

Well, we're is this:

even getting upset and some stuff

each person saying something mean to me some even accurate

 

in that there are vast number of negative comments, have asked for the vast majority, who I just ignore them the vast majority.

Every now and again it drawn in a good start, good, make mistakes

yes, you can make these techniques. We also mistakes were all human. We can make mistakes it

and people love it when you say something and you take it back, not fuck you, we saved it forever. Fuckin screenshot that shit bitch. You had that thought. You have that thought.

Wow, I deleted it.

good enough

We had the thought I'm better than you. I never had that thought you had that thought you piece of shit

look, I say, did put it on

a blog

your wife, you don't think that that any one would think that deleting it

we make them go away. The cycle of windows internet for a while

It's even like a thing: is they dont Brown or you to be able to delete it? Because,

 

the problem is, if you don't.

leader? I believe it anymore. It's really

To say hey that thing above.

I believe that anymore, I changed my mind.

the way you things yes, because people double fuck you are have that over there. I'm just take that America pay attention that shit. You wrote on its own. Your permanent drought, forever bright eyes out to destroy your permanent record, took a tattoo. You keep it

is this thing where this it's it's all. There is a lack of compassion, so lack of compassion issue, people just.

intentionally shitty to each other.

The time online and trying to catch it's their more trying to catch people, doing something

That's arrest, a ball like a cop travel. I get home

arrest son as his record, so they try to catch you

something more than there logically looking at it thinking it's a bad thing. You ve done or the

so an idea. They don't agree with. So much need insult. You try to catch. You. Dare

 

I mean it's ways are to be mean on

media than it is to be mean in person. Yes, ways you yeah. It's way.

Europe is not a normal way of human, interacting its churning.

was it interacts so easily, but people are not looking at yes,

You'd never do that you'd every some mean someone living in their eyes. If you did, you feel a shit, most people,

yeah lesser sociopath you'd feel terrible. Yes, either musk there's been a pleasure.

Yeah like what it's really has been spending an honor. Thank you for having me thanks for doing this cuz. I know you don't do a lot of long form stuff like this

But in weird you out and hope you don't get mad at you spoke with a bad sleep.

Where'd, California, the just as this whisk you have been drinkin exactly, does all get right, charities,

 

Thank you, sir. Any message you would like to put out other than loves the answer, because I think you really nailed it with that. I think you know. I think people should be nicer to each other and give people and give give more credit

others and don't assume that their mean until you know there actually mean just

It's easy to demonize people.

Usually wrong about it.

People are nicer than you think, give you one more credit

I could not agree more, and I want to thank you not just for other crazy

innovations you ve, come up with in your constant flow of ideas, but that you too

who's to spread. That idea, which is

it's it's very vulnerable, but it's

honest and it resonant me- and I believe it I believe, is true to say thank you,

 

you assholes out there be nice p bids

thank you, but I think a lot of it ready. Thank you very much

The plot gas-

Thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to the mother, fucking cash.

number one app in finance. Ladies and gentlemen, you can download.

For free the app store the Google play market and don't forget when you download the catch up, enter the reward code, Joe Rogan, all one word: you'll receive

Five dollars in the cash apples and five dollars to just in Rennes fight for the forgotten charity.

Thank you also to green. Keep me healthy bitch. I need it

I need your vitamins.

About your hustling, it's one of

the very best all in one whole food supplements. You can fuck and get the most complete whole food supplement. Seventy five,

all food source. Ingredients to keep your shit pump and smooth well and we're gonna. Give

 

Twenty free travel packs valued at ninety nine dollars. With your first purchase pedal,

to ask. Let dot com for its last Rogan and claim

special offer today, that's athletic greens, dot com, forts

Rogan go get a healthy on Google.

Also brought you last but not least, by on it a toe

No human optimization website go to an end. I t dot com use, the code, Word Rogan and save ten percent off any and all supplements, and if you're in Austin Texas, we have a legit

academy, a real state of the art, strength and conditioning facility with fantastic classes, including tenth planning

just and bang more, that's it

thanks my friends and will see a single loves. You bye, bye.