Ladies and gentlemen.

Today's Christmas Eve,

he has requested a special Christmas Eve podcast. So here we go because I

I never say no to Joey in this episode

brought to you by the cash app. If you haven't

the cash app it is very flexible and interesting finance app and a lot of people agree. It's the number one app in finance.

Vin number one of the app store to it. It's a it's, a

app that allows you to directly deposit your paycheck right into the uh, and then you use it as a debit card, but it's uh

card that comes with something called boosts and

and you don't have to obviously don't have to direct deposit your paycheck right into the app you can just put money in it. Do you do it and use that as a debit card and this debit card, the

cash card comes with something called boosts and boosts.

Going to get this anywhere else. 'cause cassia invented it. You select a boo

In your cash app, then you swipe your cash card and you can.

Fifteen percent or more at whole foods, shake Shack, chipotle bunch of places and at all coffee shops

 

Around the country, so the coffee shop, to

it's a dollar off coffee, so if you buy five hundred

the coffee. A year, you save five hundred dollars, it's very simple

It's a it's an awesome. It's just an awesome feature and this company

that is responsible for the cap, the cash out there they're not just agree.

A company in terms of its a really functional, app and a great thing to have this debit card, but also they

do really cool ship with their money. Like here's one, when you

download the cash app and enter the referral code. Joe Rogan, all one word five

is going to go to Justin Wren's fight for the forgotten charity, every single time, someone signs up for it and they use that they send five dollars an through this they've built.

Two wells for the pygmies in the Congo and they raised thousands of dollars and

Building more wells as we speak, it's it's a wonderful little deal that they

of their setup. Also, the cash

for now, at least until the end of the year, when you sign up and use Joe Rogan they're going to send five dollars to Hell,

 

pay for UFC Fighter Ray Borg, Son's medical bills. I don't know

story behind that, but I know that his son has very high medical bills and the cash app is stepped

to help him out so wonderful thing. I mean there is a great community, app it's a great company and then also

would that using that code, where Joe Rogan you're also going to get five dollars, so they just

spreading love around and it's a it's a great app. It's easy, it's very flexible and it's a cool one to check out and you can just check it out now for free. It's available

The app store or the Google play market go, download it and make sure use that reward code, Joe Rogan, to get all that good chip. Ok, we're also brought to you by butcher boy

butcher box will send you delivered right to your door on dry ice. One hundred percent grass FED and finished beef which is in

my opinion. The best tasting the hell

just animal? It's you know what

models, are supposed to be eating there supposed to be eating grass. They also

 

free range, organic chicken heritage breed pork, which is old world pork, and

they'll send this to you directly to your door with free shipping anywhere in the lower forty eight. That means not Alaska, not Hawaii, there's a huge

difference between animals that were raised in a pasture eating. What they're supposed to eat being healthy,

and animals that are fed

in concentrated animal feed, lot operations and outside of butcher boxes type of high quality meat is hard to find and for people who live in food,

it's nearly impossible and for those

I live in big cities, you,

to deal with really expensive supermarkets. Well, the price

is an variety at butcher. Box are hard to beat

and announcing now a brand new protein. Now they have wild allow.

Skin sockeye salmon is a new thing that they're carrying at put box. They saw,

their pure wild sustainably harvested salmon from Bristol Bay Alaska, and you can tell by the color that the salmon is always-

fresh and never factory farmed, and

 

in the same way hunters heavily

back ecosystems to help wild game thrive. That's what they've done!

sustainability, an explosive growth of the salmon and it's very remarkable, the

catch happens in six weeks over the summer. After all, the.

Eating bad, been maxed out, and it's pretty epic, so

December twenty six new subscribers received.

Two pounds of free. Why

caught alaskan salmon plus twenty dollars off in the first box by going to butcherbox dot com and enter the

Code, Rogan at checkout

I guess today is one of my favorite people of all time of very good friend of mine family. I love them to death, give it up for the great

Joey Diaz, the Joe Rogan experience. It's you

 

going to be ho hum fuck you uncle Joe,

with Joe Rogan have fought live Christmas Eve talking,

bugs in your house, and how easy it is for the feds. They don't need

bug your house anymore. They just use your phone, they just turn them. Jamie. Tell him what you were telling me about that air pods! Oh yeah, there's there's a new setting!

the underlying operating system, where your airpods, you turn on this thing, called live, listen and it's it's listening to the microphone on your Iphone,

So you can leave your phone in a room walk out and you can use this major own bug, but that means that anybody that can then access your phone could probably also

and if they have access to that I'll know how Steve already he said like if we talked to anybody that knows what's possible with electronics. That can already turn your microphone on anytime. They want.

Bro. When I was a kid. I grew up in that book, making shit and never certain bookmakers that wouldn't talk in a room that there was a phone in the room, smart ones in the 70s. There not talk. Now

 

on the phone, but if there was a phone in the room, they would leave the room now

and I assume that he's going to super paranoid. They were third,

is a hell of a time when you member how they got Vincent Chan, they sort of bug and cars along the way where he would walk. He would walk with his bass for

lucky was crazy.

To give everybody instructions, and he would do it

his walk, so he couldn't get bugged anywhere, so they started bugging the cars along his walk route, that's how they got up and they get you at the mic yeah. Do it the public,

a lot of the same microphone they use in the NFL. When you hear all those tackles and grunts,

in the old days they had. I don't know what the parabolic mikes takes: vibrations from glass, yeah, so

You just point this laser at your glass with speakers on and take

whatever you're, saying in a room and bounce it off the glass I've heard,

There's a reclusive in the so by now it's world class. They could do there listening to everything everything.

 

Anything and everything I want to bathroom on a plane. You have to assume there watching it like

to go in and do blaster coke. I would always pull my pants down, go to the hope

this is like I wish it and I wasn't really shiting. I just always thought there was a camera that well you probably correct.

I've heard things that are just hard about Vegas

in the 80s,

had cameras in rooms. Well, Vegas in the 80s was all mob. Vegas in the bathrooms have cameras. So as soon as you do a blast, you come out within ten Min

the cops around here? When did they? When did the mob like officially get?

like with the mob, is still in Vegas, just in short spurts. It's crazy!

I was in New York last week

 

and I realized how much construction was going on, and I thought to myself how much of that is the mob still getting they had attacks for years, two percent. So if it's a three hundred million dollar job, do the math on that. You make it big chunk of that.

You can trump didn't get rich because the construction business is huge. You go,

New York me zero. I can't give you

do it. Numbers girl, no numbers are but look what the averages for a square foot of concrete in New York and look at the averages in Iowa I was reading.

Something about the the square foot of car to build a building in New York, saying the concrete is

going insane so many hands again greased. You know you do

pay a job. Ok, so so you don't pay

that one episode of the sopranos. So what I do is break

She would see you don't want to pay me my money

 

That's fine. I said somebody from the union down there, and this

going to be doing this come on through I gotta! Stop you gotta! Take you

Okay, I would call the used to see if you paid up what it does. We check your tire pressure. We can help.

So, let's count the windows on the truck. Pretty soon you

thirty truck backed up and you're, not making any money. That's how they check

that's the shakedown, all you paid me, okay to trucks. Go through, don't worry, I want what them we don't care who the driver is.

We don't care if he's union or union. It's such a dirty business at that level. That's the shake that

trump would be the gc on the job. You pay your job,

orange, move you don't pay, so two

went to the mom that concrete tax

And we got another two percent right off the top to bid rid MID rig, Bedrick bed rigging, where we

we give it to Joe Rogan, no matter what the prices we inflate the price,

 

Even though Jamie comes in three million dollars cheaper,

I'm going to give Joe Rogan that three and two more Joe Rogan's going to kick that to to me.

And we're going to do the job at that three million dollar profit, plus I'm going to take two percent of the top of that three million dollar profit. You what I notice when I was a kid when I was working construction, one of the first things I notice it's one of the weird businesses. That's right

almost exclusively by men like manly men like to

trucks guys were burly dues with big hands the

retard and they were like. These are like

rough guys, but they were running a big business. It's like.

All these other businesses, if you think about businesses, you think about like computers, you don't think about

like rugged.

Burly guys but compute,

 

dersane construction or just as common like everybody needs a computer. Everybody needs a house like constructions everywhere, it's a gigantic business and it's run

at least in back in Boston. When I was working as a laborer, it was

wanted, by these big savages, do fuckit big, dangerous guys. Who's got more diverse. Now, because the unions have made you hire more women when I,

no attrition like

three months in there was a female supervisor who knew her shed a dad. You know crime was all attrition when she was a kid that was Unfucking day. Job and men had a tough time working for her. I could

through there. She was easy. She would leave me the fuck alone. Sometimes men can't they just have really hard time with a woman till they would have helped me out of it. I wouldn't mind that at all I don't give a fuck I like that. If someone's great

Their jobs are graded, as Robin John just got a it. Will what yeah weird thing that a lot of guys have right? You know

 

for building off every female trainer. Yeah yeah

People don't go for that was get a female trainer Yoel Romero, one of the best

all the cars of all time. Was she trained him? I don't know man to fit strength and conditioning. She was strengthening conditioning training him in this video is watching

busting. His ass

we'll even like super super savage make sure I'm right about that. Make sure might about

cuz, it's not your well. It's someone. Equally, savage someone is just fucking

super alpha we know is a super alpha, let go well. We had him in the podcast. I was looking at him sitting there I was like this guy is built. It's not even a real person with twelve hours should get over him. I remember that night. We both had spots at the store

I pulled you aside and I go. What do you really think? But what do you really think I mean? Is this guys shoot the ball?

or is this something that should, I think, it's genetics? I just had a super freak genetic well when we went to eat at well, I went to the

 

Europe last week. I purpose

we went to La Sorrentina. It's a restaurant North Bergen run by this new name, Jocko Jesus Christ and spaghetti with the tiny meatballs. I couldn't even finish it, but one of his

was a wrestler, listen to the podcast,

and he was saying how he wasn't that good. He was on the bottom floor, he ate the

oh and he, but he goes yeah. I know you're welcome back. They had just last week think about the uh.

Super athletes that have come out of Cuba that have gotten into mma and boxing. Ok, Hector Lombard, Dude,

my lot of people. They might look at Hector Lombard because of some of his tough fights that he had in the UFC later in his career. But you go by

come watch Hector, Lombard Wing was or any and those were

probably is prime years he was the

been a belter. I mean Fuckin', smashing people smashing people at one hundred,

five pounds, and then he

 

over to the UFC,

five, but there's a big gas one hundred and eighty five in the UFC man Mean Hector is what do you think he's fifty nine really, no reason

after now, I see loosening, I think, he's either my Haidar, I'm five eight he's either my height or he's an inch taller

but he's just so jacked

when he was smashing people like early in his career man. I always wanted to get him in the UFC. I was like this guy.

Need to come over, he's he's so athletic man. He would

and he's a judo player means looking at footage. Act. Actor is he's. You know.

Who did a judo player for Cuba, but

I'm telling you man did you get take all the steroids in the world. You're not going to

like this guy moves

Josh Lumbar Judge Barnett rather told me that Hector Lombard when you went to the gym could just to muscle up, after muscle up, never even trained it before hello, it's

Jamie and say it's working hard. Do a muscle up here,

 

grab that bar he's a super athlete.

He just had a lot of really really rough fights against the best fighters in the world, and I

I think that some of his best fights you could say like

he was tested more, and I think he certainly was tested more here.

Do you have saved and it wasn't ballot or certainly the caliber of competition is far greater, but I also think you know

I just have like a window of opportunity for the most part for most of them, there's exceptions.

Well, can extend that window the window. The experts seem to think the windows around nine years,

This is not a number that I invented, but it's a number that I agree with in terms of like the best you have, you might be able to do it for nine years, like a door with a low

Jody of an NFL running back history and one slash two years which blew my mind. That's crazy! That blew my mind that I started thinking about it

 

I think about all the great I thought about her camel Jim Brown. He thought about those guys. I thought about their injuries. How luck

You have to be.

Okay! Now the UFC is a fighter. How many people actually did fight in the UFC for nine years straight so far? Our

there's been quite a few lot, but at the same time, there's been a lot

the guys that have had great potential and by the fourth or fifth fight they've moved on. Well, you know

It's everybody's different. This is this is the thing everybody's different terms: their ability to Cooper, eight everybody's different terms, their style, like some guys.

Just don't take much damage. You know some,

like Ben Askren, perfect example, never fought in the UFC, but when you,

to fight in the these other organizations thing that's most interesting. Is that it doesn't take any damage you could say is born

If you want to, I don't think it's boring, I think it's

super high level wrestling '

 

and you need to see how that shit would fly against the best in the world. I that's why he's here now very excited about this, but he's a perfect example

he doesn't have any problems that guy's been

and for a long time you talk to him he's his lucid as they come. He's articulate very

smart very well, educated, reads, books. All the time. He'll send me a recommendations for books

very, very interesting guy, so you got those guys who

He could do it for a long fucking time because he's not taking a beating when you start

the beating man. You know some kind, sometimes guys try to get back in there too soon and they're still hurting. You know from from a four

like a really bad knockout, or

which sometimes even just getting beaten up is. Were you like? Even if you don't get stopped like you, incur more damage that way you know

in a long as fight than you would in a quick ko. You know I come in.

Three. You know Joseph Bartolini during no attack. Yes, this Joe, he was the champion

 

who won the title gets marked among after the fight couldn't fight again

concussions, were so bad. He could

look at the light from an Iphone charger

a laptop charger that little light from that thing would be blinding to him. He had to be like in a dark room for three weeks

Cbd oil brought him out of it. When I think of fighters and what happens during a fight, I go back all the way to Bernard Hopkins against Felix Trinidad, because you brought it up to my attention. I never even know

not that world? He never came back to Seattle, soon, who's, the guy that went the distance. That's now in Bellator fights out of GSP's camp. Really tough guy went five rounds with Fuckin'.

What's his name, Rory Macdonald Rory, yes, Rory after that fight that he had he

never really! The same! Tie the Robbie, Lawler, OB, Robbie, Lawler, fight fights.

 

Back to you in different ways. The beating you take affect you

different ways. I want to see what the kid that, at some

Bosa fights with next time how he comes out. He took a ferocious beat against at at at seven yeah that last fight before our.

The and Kevin Lee C, but Rory. I gotta disagree because after that fight he looks phenomenal in Bella. Tore is first, who is this first fighting, but not built to was appalled daily. He d for

but but then the next fight, heatedly Maza, based on their family, mostly made him Mister Monster Man Douglas Lima's, a fucking straight up killer. You don't in comedy sometimes was Paul Daley yeah yeah, so he manhandled Paul Daley, writes very smart fight because he fought really well on his feet. First threatened daily little bit on his feet and took him down dominated him on the ground.

And it was. It was a very impressive win, but then he

the fighting was sassy. I think

 

was probably not the, but you know you never know you got it

test yourself, there's only one way to do that and he

is better than anybody in the guys in it to test himself. Now he knows that,

Can't beat massage at least at this point is life?

yeah but he's a smart kid, then he's an animal to mean that guys. So I would say that I just thought that a lot of times

the battles people don't come back.

I agree on some of them, but I don't know if I don't agree with him: the guy from Texas that took GSP to Fuckin', Zoo

And for the journey yeah yeah, he never

came by. You know some people give it all. You got yep that give it all. You got a moment, it's how to react after that. What's going to happen,

How is Kevin Lee going to come back yeah? I get tired,

you always have those questions which is a great fight by the way amazing of the fight. I was most excited about this weekend with Michael Chiesa, Socolow's conduit

 

right, but if a wood, Carlos Conduit, you know, college town have been around for a long fucking time. This name is Condit, but he can't he knows, I'm his brother and I'm one of his biggest fans and if I was in the mafia, I'd hire him from the UFC along time ago. 'cause he's an assassin he's like he really is John, which gives him he just give him a gun with a silencer and a pencil, and let him do the rest go down there. You could switch his mind quick with six hundred thousand a week. I want to say that his UFC was debut against Brock. Larson was as debut was. It was added in the WEC. I feel like those in the WEC. I feel like his debut was against uhm schitt.

It was it Jake. Martin

When was his debut. That's why they're in in Nashville, therefore of natural?

 

Let's take Kellenberger. Two writing Kellenberger was all that was Jake, Ellenberger's first fight in the UFC yeah

to Jake. Ellenberger was another one match super fucking dangerous for a long time, man he received

we finally have somebody knocked out pay with one punch beat in my office about three weeks ago. He came into my office and I

This is because I heard you I touching Gallup does come up. I gave the bonding of the ship that was thirty one so that he could then what it was like he's past the pool bass,

He did know how to drive home yet, but will be home,

God I was not around rocka- was not around a little broke their system for a week. If you think Brock Lesnar system disappeared in the fucking system, whatever

oh, my god would Jake Ellenberger. We took him deep. I haven't seen it, but I've heard he told me he goes no smoking inside then do a little bug it

 

and I asked him a question after he was just frustrated. I love him to death, he's coming back on to redeem himself and said: he's never smoking,

Yeah of his battle yeah, you can't that's too much

Most that's a three foot bond will not only that showing for most people that don't do.

Cast all the time getting on your podcast is a mind. Fog

well. I can't believe I'm here soon here will be Joey holy and then bone that thirty, how many percent thirty

that's so high.

This is alien og. This is in in just as a for people that don't know the numbers.

Let's find out what the numbers actually are like what was first, what percentage

Hc was marijuana in the 1970s. I want to say it was like eight to ten proud.

And then we can just guessing so funny how ok

as I grew up, and I grew up in New York in New Jersey, so I would go to Harlem.

 

What we have available to us was Panama, red

colombian gold. I could be versa. Verse I could be wrong on the names and then

from Jamaica, you had this weed called lambs bread and then all the sudden in the 80s green. We came along

and he called it since Amelia, so

look up with 148Th Street, then he would even saw your chocolate Thai, which is lambs bread, or

I would say you censor me yet well. He would put him

together and call it the master mix and then, if you bought ten bags of master makes you got one for free gave you a punch card. This is why

give real punch card. Eight thousand two hundred and eighty three

in the middle of the corner hanging out in the funny thing was. I went back in eighty five and he looked me straight in the face and his light made no more

Wagner, weed on this block. No more dog crap like

I just converted to crack, but

 

why watching? I told you that watching that Narcos Mexico, those first two app

so this is so important, because if it's a,

Sometimes, when you watch the tv show, it's really hard to believe that one day, some spanish guy that couldn't even speak, English said hey. I know, there's not three cameras here. His name is

and loose does the arm, as does the army has invented the big three camera shoot? You know that that's a larry that does he live.

Production to all that shift, in fact, that he's the one that said was it took eight white people sitting around get

more cameras. Let's go on the like the guy that did the

principal guy narcos this year as a character who

grew weed in the desert. I want if

not that have never been even thought of before, but by doing that,

I don't know the science or please Joe Rogan people, don't torture me. He illuminated them

male plant to make the female

 

strong and the only way you could grow that isn't the desert, so he found water in the desert. Why is it the only way you can go and grow in the desert, something about the climate to roof so that it's like the

Acula conception. Well, you get pregnant without gay

pregnancy, you eliminate the male plants or something I do not know this. The hardest simulator watching and

right. We have to hide this information from women, so there's no seeds and the reefer

get stronger. That's true:

I love the 80s. That's why? If you watch Narcos Mexico, it shows you how that whole thing started and they were pump in fifteen metric tons a year into the

it states addition, so green weed became the mexican green Weed. Was we started smoke?

I gotta say that average was maybe

fifteen, then like the strongest and then

There's weeds down that I, the twenty one percent that they take me to the mountain, but that twenty

 

on above and Abang, you don't yeah

you're stuttering, your mom, when you're can't focus. I like that feeling at night

when I listen to music, I would

music or not. I called you like. There was like October third, and I was on the

to tell you that I love to participate in so bark, but because of my

love for music. It's not going to happen! 'cause! My thing

is to go home at night and sometimes I go to the office. Like I told you, my house is dead at twenty nine. The kid goes to better fucken, eight hundred and and my wife and bedtime ten minutes

some nights I don't have a spot on a podcast. I just go to my office. I bring a notebook on Ipad, might get stoned

I put it all the Hubble mine. I go down. I'm road and I just get Fuckd up and listen to that music.

I love each other. Ok, that's my hobby and

so we can go to the album store in by the wild to vinyl album. Lately, I

 

that led Zeppelin, two road, that's

the greatest dirtiest

Philotheus albums and opens up with a whole lot of love. It's just there

he little Lamb song and then the it's just dirty,

damn I could have been listening to fuckin' physical graffiti.

I love going into those foxholes late at night, stoned to the gills yeah, there's something about that music. They were the first

drug culture, music in America right if you think about it,

like Zeppelin, and

flo showed up to Cleo's. They went right, India, they grew long. They came back with those four albums,

Then there was rumors of acid

if you listen to the you know, one revised

revolve one of those.

 

John Legend spreads acid bright line. Then that was it I mean there's so there's a lot of musicians from that are that are great, that aren't associated with drugs. But if you think of hand

six. If you think of I mean

It is always associated with drugs right, Janis, Joplin, always associated with drugs, either good or bad.

It's very interesting. It's very interesting. The sound is so it lasts,

like it's so relevant. If you listen to some Zeppelin today,

still so god damn good. They were so good.

You're, so good sermon, Zeppelin two called bring it on home. At the end, he comes out like with uh huh

on the slow been Jimmy page kicks.

The guitar Youngblood stocks. Yeah. I hear it's the house at like

Do I jump out a window way leads?

 

play there's a couple hours. I got a better office, so I put on the such a part of my childhood, like I think about my mom, coming on the roof and yelling

lower that Fucka Devil music, because I'm saying wait by some music app on it and I would blast it at fucking six in the morning

neighbors next door with Jehovah witnesses and he would not

I know you have to please lower your music. I never loaded loaded at that age

at officially stereo.

Okay and I really do not to get components

like I was already hip like- I never bought the album with the eight track and the cassette fucku. I bought an amp and I bought her cassette deck and I had a turntable, an eye

fucking blast. I don't know where I got the speakers from my bottom. That fell off a truck. I love music loud

I'm my storm every time till this day

 

every time led. Zeppelin's final album comes out, I'm in through the

bookings on the radio or something I think, my my,

the bag on the door freshman year going. If

knock on one more time. I've drawn that stereo at the window.

Like seven in the morning, had a full falcon speed, roll enjoying getting ready to walk up the hill smoking a joint I wouldn't smoke at the house, not like that. She had no idea we playing album, albums or would have record player yeah,

I still do. He told the have a good needle memory would go over to the houses. Is that a special needle

which could needle I just went, got new needles out of order online. Do you, member that, though he a guy, like I'm fucking,

will look in needle

I haven't had a real to reel Jimmy. Do this. I had a record player my house for sure

wow. You had a real to reel a friend of mine.

 

The real real high school- oh my god, at the sound,

what the speakers and everything is the sound you. Could he like that

the musician pulling away from the microphone so sound was that

so when he's playing this realtor, if he's got like a like, a projector screen type deal done, he was a sound through the room like this and he had a shelf and on the shelf. He had speakers and he had a real real

I think senior. I would have two or three hours of music on it

so whenever he will have a party would just put on the real real at that time. That was the threat that is

going to really really like that. So that would be looking at projector right. It's going to reel to reel. That's the new threat,

that never made it and then, when

It went from albums beliefs,

sets to fuck '

 

cds? So if you put something through that, you would have to kind of like do it like you're working working in room, projection room, you take the

going from one of 'em and it works almost. It is just really large cassette tape player. I just forget how he put the music on there. I forget how he put the music on that.

To buy music on it. I think so. It that's record button on this too. It looks like so. You could have recorded something on there if you had a cable to plug it into it. Yet

I forget: how would they make copies the same way? You put your

regional would be like on the left. The feed did you need a copier. You could do with this machine, probably, but back the same way, people did was

vcr copies back in the early eighties and tape to tape? Is it the same thing how it would degrade

each generation memory you get porns from your friend, and it was like, like someone through mud in your eye, or he tried to watch it. The fuck is happening on the screen because it was so many generations of copied. Do you, member when porn was watch like this

 

I don't remember, but I heard about it- and I remember that movie about the dude from Hogan's heroes.

That was a he he

Hogan's heroes in after Hogan's heroes he

went around making his own homemade porn.

You know you had one of these kind of things on the home, projector type deals porn came porn, nose,

days if you went to the back of a dirty magazine, not Playboy and not penthouse, but anything else,

They would actually send you a projector with three movies for sale, one thousand four hundred and ninety

ok. It was a low in projected probably going to work ten times, but we

so you have to watch porn

they send you a realtor real

was so bad porn

so bad.

 

And I still remember store with me and my friends chipping in and getting the the fuking reel to reel.

With their thing and plugging it in the wall and putting sheets on the windows, and it was just horrible horrible born white chicks. They were flying off the street.

It's flapjack titties. Somebody turned cigarettes off on the chest and this check was

f on drugs sharing, sucked the guy's Dick and the most varied

picture of members when she took the mayonnaise with the bread wife that she was sucking this guys, dick the guys Dick had been beat up.

And he took mayonnaise miracle whip,

That's why I never like miracle whip. She put it on the bread and made a dicks

Just finished his dick and it was,

Take me three other twelve year olds dog, we almost had a heart attack,

 

You understand me, like our heads, blew up. I turn it off turn it off turn it off turn. It off turn it on. Who wants this fucking project

oh, no, no! No! No! No! No! No! No! It was a cheap, cheap, cheap little projector

You had to put a sheet up on the wall

and use it as a screen. Yet

Fuckin' shade up all your windows in the attic 'cause I used to do it in my attic, as my mother was in home, so

The first viewing party we had was in my attic,

you have to send the money order and you

to the dollar. Might ninety five for shipping and handling sh, and then

Take six weeks to delivery, so you would just sit. You can send it to your house, so I would have

set the Rogen's house because I knew his mother and his grandmother worked all day so that

that would be home, so they would just drop the package off in front of the house.

One of our mothers found that package we'd be dead.

 

Pre funking dead. Can you man, you mother, put in another sense and check, make miracle whip on a piece of bread and eats into

sucking your dick. What don't you think mom's today, probably wouldn't even flinch? What if

if they found their kid with something like that on his computer at me, every mom at it

talk to any model of fifteen year old and gold

you sons get laid like stop it. I don't want to you through the whole mom wants to hear the song get laid. The first girl you brought over the house at

really bothered your mother. Oh I'm sure the first

two girls, you brought home, actually bothered and irritate

the shit out of your mother?

your momma, while because you're always going to be that little boy, I can't

Asian get getting his dick sucked. He just I just put diaper

only ten years ago. You know what else they worry about. They worry about you getting somebody pregnant,

'cause, you so stupid. When you're fifteen

 

one thousand six hundred and seventeen, you guys are just doing stupid shit. You know you don't really know how to pull out that good. How good are you at that? It's not

very good. You know when you were that young I mean it's. Your parents are worried about you doing something dumb you

it's worried about you getting pregnant, but they also don't want you having sex. I had this skinny girlfriend, like I always had ugly girls that were friends and Anthony, grows and leave. My mom would pull me aside and said. What's going on, I know nothing. You know she

just a friend and I will stay my love. I can't believe it. You know they were friends, but there was one skinny girl, but I used to bring over the seventh grade, and my mother call us when afternoon, like she called

make an app. So she asked me as a man. She goes from now on. Do me a fucking favor,

issues here and I'm downstairs just leave the door open. My mom was one of those caught. She was one of those.

Do me a favor,

 

from middle reasons when I leave locked the door, but if I

It just leave the door open

and I would leave it open the foot and then tried it, eight inches six inches and she would have to come up and say: oh somebody on my diet, leave the fucking door,

open and then you you're an animal at that age,

at that age, you probably talking with me, because all I was doing was dryhumping this girl. That's all

It was done we weren't having sex. I think I sent that it's one thing. You know we weren't having sex with just making out dryhumping,

but one day I my mom had to Barstow and she would just fucking come home in the afternoon to see if I was at this broad

and one that in here and she brought her friends up for Maine when our friends were and I'm in there just swapping spit with the chip. I hear something on the wall like something's, going on when I kept

 

dry hump and we had earth wind and fire can't hide love great fuckin', I'm off that's the way in the world. I'm dry hump in this check that that

also there here a ladder, slip and again

I states you know they were in

downstairs. There was one of my mother's friends are not know he used to be a bookie at my mother's bar

So my mother got so how to get to the bottom of this. I don't know what this kids getting laid, so he volunteers to put the ladder at the side of the house.

To see if I'm getting laid to look in the window. Thank God I had an air conditioner with a curtain. He could never see it anyway, but this girl Pist off my mom for years. This went on for about,

and then I started taking his shirt off and sucking her tits and my dad came home when they quarter to the closet.

And that was the end either.

 

My mom would give me shit for a little while I gotta be one thousand two hundred and thirteen am in the six grade mean

This girl would watch the Osmonds on Friday and Saturday Donny and Marie, and I would get Pist off 'cause. She had a crush on fuqing Donnie. You know, you know you're a kid and then one day,

and we figured out fuc if they don't

like this after three, when we play hooky from twelve to three, we could try on for three hours and nobody will know your grandmother works. My mother's. Definitely not coming home, so we used to play hooky

Then one day they caught us and her, and I had like there was twenty feet between us on offense: their parents had a house right behind mine and my mom went into the backyard like the falcons spanish woman that she

 

is is study, LU, daughters, all phone over here every day. I don't know what they do in that room. I hope she's not sought to this day. All right, my daughter, was just to route. My son was a regular little more into your daughter took over and then there

I still walk home and I'm a walking the house in the mountains. I can I talk to you for second year. Mom

Yelling horrible things about my daughter, calling orange while wow

I would tell my momma: what's up with that she's a fucking horror for the job, my mom could add, wet woman drove, and I thought I got a girlfriend, no more problems after that

which is the skinny chick that drove my mother fucking crazy. They they made you,

I mean imagine, if you have a little boy and you take him to the park,

 

he's a cute little felony runs and he stumbles and falls down and cries, and you pick him up and he hugs you

You love him like it's. Okay,

scrape your needs, ok knees, crying and crying. You feel so bad. You feel so bad and you get him a band.

Nikki Mckisson

talk to him and hang out with them and then he goes to sleep and you sit there and you look at him sleep and you think about how precious he is. This little life form that year, your interest,

do with you to take care of.

Fifteen years later, someone sucking his dick some dirty little

girl down the block God damn it look at that now he's all time obsessed with her. It's driving me nuts how's, your baby, your baby stuck with some tramp dirty tramp medium. I have daughters,

which is a that's. A hell on earth, have

 

we have dollars on earth

it's fun now it's cute she put custom down. She loves daddy. She watch this tv, but there's going to come a dacian. Let's go to the mall with friends and you have to let her and you have to worry, and it's not the same.

The world is not the same. Now it's not going to be the same when they're older.

Is getting weirder and weirder. You know people getting

so we were talking earlier about bugs and searches and people being able to turn your microphone's on it

as a matter of time before, there's

so privacy, whether it's,

fifty years, whether it's a hundred years,

and I mean I think, there's going to be no privacy with anything. I don't think with your thoughts. I think we're going to

This is the next thing after cell phones is going to be

something that allows us to communicate way easier, they're going within the next fifty years, they're going to come up with some way. We're going to be able all communicate through a device is going to be.

 

Than just talking. Well,

so we're going to share thoughts. It's going to get really

sucking strange, I'm one hundred percent convinced, I think, all this

stuff is just getting

I accelerates right, he

to be really hard to get ahold of somebody. Now, it's really easy to get ahold of somebody, and now you're going to people figure

ways to turn peoples microphones on and record them and people are putting tape.

Over there. There webcam I want to look at while jerking off.

They think someone's going to look through for from the other side. They probably can it's going to be a man,

come before everybody can, with everybody with everything you do is going

there's going to be all all

information available to everybody, this is going to happen.

We are so far away from where we were in the 70s so far away so far away so far away, and that was our lifetime,

remember the 70s, you know

 

in seventy three, I was six years old. Okay, I remember that I remember, I remember the Vietnam WAR. I remember when the war ended thinking when I was a little kid. This is great that the war is over, because now they know the war is bad. They will

do any war anymore. The war is over. It's gone and then

start it up again, when I was, I think it was.

Twenty one when desert storm,

kicked in. I was at Holyshit they're doing it again me and my

and Jimmy Dattilio we had an apartment in think it was.

We're we're weak Mauldin or some. I forget what the we were. Waltham, that's what we were we on wall, damn we had this apartment and we were sitting there on tv which is sitting in front of a live room. I think we have a couch, we just

sitting there in the living room watching these,

fuckin' missiles flying through the air. Now

spaghetti was buddy, looks like world war. I was like what I love

we're both sitting there going what's hot off walk

we're at war. I thought

 

do that anymore. I remember that

I remember that whole mean that time

when, when that was how you got information from the tv is so far removed from today. Today,

everything that happens. All the time is coming at you,

miles an hour from every direction is just too much do you have to you have to control it, though you have to control it. You still have to have a life.

You still, you know, I don't have Facebook on my phone. I have

email account, I try to keep twitter off my

when I go on the road? The Ipad has no twitter, no Facebook. It's too much

Too much interferes with who we are and if you haven't caught

that by now you're not catching this. You know I'll open up my twitter on a Saturday just to see who's tweet thinking to myself. What are you doing with your fucking life

 

that. Your tweet on Friday, in Fuqing Saturday and Sunday, you know

comes a little game. It's it's a little game. You have to give it a breather, you,

after you. It's too much news coming at you from two

two on your satellite disk, it's

the thing. Is it's too much news from sports? Too

world news,

CNN and then ESPN all in

Rock and roll

it's too fast. It's too quick last week,

call my buddy as a cab driver.

Took six hours on Monday in New York, Tuesday. I just want to take a cab. I took my wife to get some real pizza Roma P.

The guy that was making pizza there was still there. When I was a kid I drove by one, then I go

you still in there. So we took a fuckin' cab,

 

just this guy, that drove me as a friend of mine. We grew up together since we were twelve and we would talk like. Oh that's a asked for

gas station that robbed and then it goes from me

we would twelve will walk it home tonight. Freddie prince, got killed, Freddie Prince had killed himself the night before we did find out, though, that six hundred o'clock

do you know, say yeah like that, was the gap in time. So,

got? Your news,

they. Even though that was New York, it was the city capital who-

tv in the morning.

Maybe they mentioned it in the morning

It's an La Freddie bridges, hospital yeah, but you never saw it. No,

I, so I remember us being out

them saying Freddie Prinz Di

he shot himself last night,

storm about how cold it was January or FEB

or it was fucking freezing, but we will

walking home. We were twelve

 

What do we see in front of us but uh, a guy passed out drunk just habit, drunk on the floor, so will I called now: let's get the money out of his pocket. You take the bottle. It was like a bobble head doors or whatever, so I plan wants to take a bottle and shake a bumbo.

What's it called you, roll a bomb yeah we put our hands, is Pagani Grab one of those like cherry the next

Electorial is just started? Kicking him like. We must have kicked them eighty two times and we ran away the bottle. He got up and chases Jesus. We knew his short path through the cemetery, so we lost them.

You get all those weird things

that's what I associate with like Freddy shot himself at night. They may

Some mentioned in the morning I was too busy going to school and it wasn't confirmed to the next day.

That's how slow news was now

 

you're getting news. You get hit with two hundred stories and ten minutes. Yet what happened in France? What Trump decide

what do you have? She is doing what fucking

penny. Marshall died you getting through

this drone actual day, and you really can't control it. Take your child you've watched these two young girls grow up, you ever

days where you take them somewhere Disney.

So much information. They gotta go back and take a nap yeah that happens are still so yeah. That's gotta be happening.

Oh for sure, it's wearing out and it's a lot of it- is really negative. Two, you that's that's

Now the part of problems. What's interesting to pee.

It's dangerous and there's not much dangerous? So what's interest?

two people becomes. You know

being negative, being nasty

 

about something complaining about things, pitching about that starting starting twitter fights like people enjoy doing it. They're like they're looking for battles,

You know when I wish there was a way where people could choose

to only engage online without insulting

People and just trying to get a rise out of people got a troll freeway event.

But it's never going to happen. So you got to kind of accept what it is.

So if you accept what it is, you should be

very wary about entering

anything were. Sixty percent of what you're experiencing is negative anything anything in life where

we're looking at sixty percent negative. You don't have to

do like being informed, is one thing, but that's more than just

informed

much of that information is even more valuable to you a lot of it.

Just getting soaked soaked into these fucking horrible stories. You know

I mean I, I went down a rabbit hole the other day. Reading about this, these

 

Scandinavian tourists got beheaded in Morocco in the mountains these,

Girls were hitchhiking and they went it's fucking horrible, it's horrible, horrible, stuff, Matt, and then

watch the video of it tolerable with Joe Rogan,

I love you rule number one, don't go hitchhiking in Morocco, mind your fucking

films. Girls apparently did this all over the world yeah. You know you talk about a guy, the fungal. When someone tried to a clean

the tribe. They showed up Bible.

Mind your business, so I said the Falcon Bible via email and do the best you can,

there's, some people want to put themselves in danger's way.

How do I get a little right, I've,

fucking hate. All that shit. I like

control. In my situation, I really do I.

Wanna sound shallow, I would love to

Be able to have a passport to go to China and go to ITALY, but I'm

I'm going nowhere. What it is, nothing fucking crazy going on. I don't need that in my life. I don't want to hear

 

bomb when I'm fucking sleeping when I'm in Israel

I really. I say you get bombs, going Captain Harveys Lake telling me jokes on the phone and you hear a bomb going off and ship. I don't need that. I don't need nothing that ship that's put yourself in harm's way.

So I think like pre, she ate the ball.

I appreciate them balls of you, climbing up mountain jerro

appreciate all that stuff.

But it's not in my percentage graph, I believe,

percentages. You understand me, I get it.

Just the other night. I read so I get high at night as I could I do solemnly.

Come down. I smoke fifty five fuckin' bunk, it's sometimes

you, don't have to say a joke on twitter. The joke is

when you read it as a human being, you

 

I think this is a very interesting article, but at the same time it does have elements of humor in it isn't

the hot chick

says. Mother goes to court to complain about teacher who fucked a fifteen year old kid

because his life is change, is never been the same since she fought them short as

The kids never going to get his dick sucked like that again. Can you imagine

teacher to blow your horn when you're in high school, one of those dirty tv, show picture of Joe Rogan with a fish on a boat with a bikini. Now you take this chick,

the problem. Is she sucking your dick crying in his hand like I've? Never done this before you were saying like reluctant show his life has changed. It says joke dog. I got

tax for two days and

re attack people.

I turned it around. My called them. Love

listen merry Christmas and they had nowhere to go.

 

It's so funny that you can get caught in that they forget.

What comedians we are. A a tube, a tool that

transport, something really ugly into some.

I think, that's still ugly, but a little bit of funny to it. Yeah I cracked a joke. When I

my mother, dead on the floor and myself would say

I knew she was never going to know. I got left back.

'cause. I got left back, but I never told and

who is coming on the year that I had a towel issues. She kept asking me how he chosen to college yet and I'm

have more year.

Three years I ran the scam on my mother. I hadn't thought

I was in June the was really optimal.

So as soon as I made that turn I pray,

I saw armed with purple. I kissed her forehead,

The popping up- and I knew this base- wasn't

before that before

 

I dialed nine one one. So if I dropped humor at that situation, that's how

I can handle myself. Well, that's how you leave the pressure right yeah! You have to drop you. I will drop

Obama you at a funeral drug and I will drop a bomb on you and the feeling that you look at me and go Jody is the balls on here. But thank God, you came to ever tell you what Dave Foley said when Phil

didn't win an Emmy. What

we were all in the audience right went there to honor him because he got nominated and the dude from Frazier One and Dave

He turns to mean Steven Rudy goes what the hell do you have to do to win.

he goes. He got shot for Fox sake, Dave Foley's, a funny one. What really is

people have no idea why I see people

are you in now. Right now is.

 

Fifty five year old, you look at it and you go

Twenty years of my life argue with people yeah

I had no reason to argue with them for,

it's not even worth it, they played the tape back. You'd, laugh at yourself and feel horrible.

You look, you should know you know what it

How does this even affect your life.

I turned I want so CNN, like when you're in a hotel room on the weekends you got

you go down to CNN or see each other BC political pipol. I love those for six minutes to see.

People get fired up, they attack each other and

and everybody's fucking bullshit, but

You sit there and you know what is the big fucking deal?

no matter if a king Hitler makes a comeback and he's president y'all got

get up and go to work every morning.

As they giving you money anymore. So, like somebody's giving you money or that point you in a house for free, if

 

Adele resurfaces from the grave he's the

you still at work.

You still got to build houses, you still gotta down CNN for the UFC's. You still so

What is how much is it really effective at at least that's how I've always thought the problem with all the shows is all of them, whether it's CNN or Fox NEWS during his?

the lean in their lean in somewhere, the lean

they're telling you about the news, but they're leaning on it in a way they're, not just

simply recording the fact specially Fox news right. They lean

I don't know, aren't right. I don't know what you guys a call when you say that, but I will tell you really yeah when people talk to me about left and right,

I have no idea because I don't even know where I stand most issues but.

Guess what I did see in New York in New Jersey last week. What take a guess of what I did not see almost people really they, because it's so cold

 

I was homeless for seven hundred and nineteen days in New York in December from December twelve to the 31st. I got a hotel room, maybe fifty percent of the time, but besides that I was homeless at one time in nineteen eighty

tool use and I ask people, you know, like you just don't say it huh

yes well very small sections of.

I encampments, but the homeless present percentage

with smaller. So I asked some money what that is, how

I have so many homeless people out here, and they said it's called because their liberals, I didn't fucking, know that's what a liberal was

no idea I just in California, live yeah. I just try to be a human being. I don't know that doesn't make sense. It's like what does that mean where the where the homeless go? Do we make more of them out here somebody saying

Do you allow it to that place that he was telling me about LAS Vegas ships? There homeless stay with them a bus to California and play

 

will be true with this ship I feel like the shipping is about bussing people.

Alaska, for a little while or something yeah for years. Only I like that. You saw the tv show

wild wild country. Do you see that it's on

rag niches that I said, rag niche, a cult from Oregon.

And one of the things they did. They took over the town. All you have heard about it and watched it homeless. People in buses

and then how tall is people vote,

and this took over the town they developed, developed, a real town and then

took over this one area bust out how America moves its homes as well. Each year US city gives thousands of homeless people one way: bus tickets out of town and eighteen,

sneezed nationwide investigation put the guardian reveals for the first time what really happens at journey's end whoa. That sounds like a.

M night Shyamalan movie right. They kill a bunch of homeless people

 

Satan's involved

it's like they just move him away. What are they

where they ship them. I don't know.

Looks like this: throw him down in Miami and an la

huh. I lived in Colorado.

In Colorado, people would the homeless people would commit crimes. They figured out what crime

I say we get sixty days for and they would commit that crime plead guilty.

The sixty days, just to get a win winter, because in those days bold would give you tobacco.

You allowed. They would give you tobacco back. We gotta a it that really I type of Shay at boulder, Boulder County jail.

One thousand nine hundred and ninety one bowl

little county jail and some other jail. Will

 

number one and two jails in the country. Wow

that people would want to go to those jails, then bowled the built, the new jail and it became

talking communist land like Aspen

I mean this land, you know it'll cigarettes, everybody had away uniforms, no more staying up till two hundred in the morning when I was wrong with the other way Boulder County jail the way.

Good, the good! What apple the college was a paradise. What was

with got out. He got out, there was two

x right. So, like I'm telling you homeless, people commit a crime to do sixty days. Can I ask you something guys it is a person's been in jail? Would it motivate you more? This is an honest question.

Play, motivate you more. If you

in jail, and it was nice and comfortable

And you got to relax and calm down, or would it motivate you more if they brought you into some common.

Type deal as you described it with everybody. Wear uniforms, there's no cigarettes, there was no fun, they live,

did you outside time. What would

 

I do them both? What

What do you think is a person who's been through what would be most effective in rehabilitating you.

I mean that's the idea right now, given rehabilitate right now, you said to Maine: you gotta stay in this fucking building for six months. This is going to be a jail there's like Pablo Escobar's jail, it's still jail. I want you to remember that right. You cannot leave the building for six months. I will let you out to the front in a cage one hour a day, but you gotta figure out what you're going to do in the hamper twelve months. It's a case. Yes, I have more options here,

to lift weights. I the do different parts of my body I could shoot. Pool of of of boulder was very simple. Boldly got locked up.

I gave you the linens you either took them or you that not only in my own clothes, so you called home

 

at lunchtime Joe Rogan brought me my jeans. My snake is my t, shirts,

I'm wearing my own clothes,

so now they determine what you were in for nonviolent or violent if you're

nonviolent violent you,

the world is yours.

The violent ones, the ones who get lumped in with the other violent ones. So now the violent offenders, depending on what

we do as violent. You go

I went to one sector and that sex

the longer you're in there in the more rewards you get Float

green, you stamp till ten and they got cable tv.

If you are you you to love eleven and they got cable tv. If your purple, you stepped all one one am my God,

Valley, fair with tremendous. Why I'm driving so cigarette? I didn't drink milk. Milk is big in jail because the body builders, like milk, it's like fucking drugs,

 

I would trade you and you. My milk, for your Kool aid

right, so I was in there drinking fuckin', Kool aid, because I

fucking hate, though

a paradise compared to other jails holders. Listen to this Thanksgiving day when I was that light up tax everyday, yet

came in I'll, never forget his name was grant and he opened up the cell door and there was a phone that

these were the only issues the phone use, the phone. I figure

you know those days you had to press ninety nine on sideline. I pressed eight to see if I get among business, not my breast seven, nothing! Six not been five button, four bucket long business. I gotta call my previous in Jersey

It's a piece. You know you just figure out different things:

then they send you to a place where somebody

 

I said strip down and you got to go, take a shower and then you come out and they put a finger up your ass to see. If you got contraband,

Seemed like they give you Tighty, Whitey's and Horn shaped like a rubber glove on and then loop their finger out. It doesn't matter, does it

I don't give a fuck, you put your finger up. My ass is, if it breaks you down as a man as much as anything in the world that that's the first break down. Wow

turn you around to let you

they run you they going to

up your ask, then you go to your cell.

Those guys are there, not very nice, they weren't like the boulder county jail guys. Those guys would kick your bed

if you get up

Turn your light on the middle of night and say

vallabel we're going to do. A search at two hundred in the morning, those people are not nice at all

then I got transferred the summit County jail, which was a fortune

Paradise,

nice

 

paralyze him ball all day outside tv,

two in the morning in his yourself, black,

a t yourself basic cable

We have all night. If you wanted to go to breakfast, you ate breakfast at night. You could sleep through breakfast and we

breakfast for you,

from there they shipped me off of Department of Corrections, that's

Where is the nitty gritty, if you think

people talk at the movie theater at night. Don't go

yeah,

don't go black people.

Talk all night

six seven floors.

And I was in there in August with you, full humidity

Canyon City, Colorado,

it was little window. You know, and I was like on the third floor. I couldn't breathe.

And in those days they let you out. You take two showers a week and

 

One hour a day you went outside after that. You would just in the sell by yourself and at night of frozen the daytime. It was like fucking being sweating in a fucking tin. Can you order ten cans in the date?

no finished, not patrol she at

there is nothing to showers,

and then the three meals and then that they of the first week is good because

you actually get out of your selago test. Big tested everything, your math, your English. They park and put a bunch of pictures in front of you and they put you through psychiatry. They take your blood out.

 

They do everything and then they assess you and then they have. I took care of all the dots. Okay, there's a bunch of dots you have to. You have to thought your eyes like. If you have a high school diploma, you get a point. If you were working at the time of arrest, you get a point if you up to paying rent. So I got a bunch of points for that is so funny how

To talk about something very interesting, it's very interesting. What is Harvey Weinstein case is going to go it's very interesting, or it's going to go

right now he has Benjamin breath is an attorney, but if you see what happened, Benjamin Bratt pushed for dismissal and he didn't get it- that the lawyer said the judge set up a child day.

They're going to get a trial date, Harvey Weinstein's, going to little throw more money to pay off time, usually go for time.

 

Then he's going fire Benjamin Breath and show up with two women.

Primarily one black and

asian or one white and one Asian.

This is when this trials and they get very interested.

Harveys also in the higher millions.

Dollars and in a private investigators. Bagel interview, boyfriends, they're interview,

This case is going to be very interesting, a light because the Cosby case we Cosby we.

How do you know, he's going to do all this stuff because I know this is what I would do

I know you come to me and you going I'm getting busted for this, or do I do because of how I grew up around those people. This is what you do.

Benjamin Braff can

A woman, the same question, a woman can ask for woman hum

 

So I'm going to go in there with either a black woman.

An asian woman or a white woman. My first two choices are a black and asian

you want to get the diversity angle. Look at the diversity angle, and I want to get that. You can't you're saying that 'cause you're a black woman, chinese woman

I'm trying to stir. We have

Did you ever really watched the people versus Oj Simpson? No. I didn't very interesting

It's it's time that you sat down the holidays. I think yeah,

There were down here. The athletes versions watch one episode. It seemed very good, very interesting how he put a dream team together how geez it's going to cost you ten mil, listen to me g. You got two.

She's, going to like Cosby and pay two mill and make

if you're blind or

 

put together a funky, then you see him. He went in there with that milky should over his eyes, like the guy from Kung FU. Let me know we were kids. Kung FU's father had like yeah Kung FU's father was like half blind and shared yeah. I remember that building magnesia on his side, ship, that's how it can cause. We went in there playing like I'm sick route. He's got cataracts cool, Cosby yeah, but

Even have something like that that when he did something that we put the pill in the water heater now, he knows what it feels. He knows that the function so just three steps, Richard Silverlight block him. You know yeah, he knows about Harvey, has to play this hand.

This is what America's about to watch they're going to watch something fucking crazy,

Bobby knows he can't go in there. Benjamin Bratt Benjamin Breath, Agrabah no look at the list of Benjamin Bratt's and Benjamin Bratt Canada.

 

We'll tell you look at love like legal cases like sports he's got a pencil and paper. Listen to this day. I, like is that he's John Jones verses Gustafson. I went to New York last week and I went to the Metropolitan Museum of ART with my daughter. She loves art,

and while I was sitting there, I was added of on Goldy on your own.

My daughter didn't want me taking pictures in front of the statues anyway. She said daddy get other pictures of this fashion. So I'm like what the fuck am. I hanging out with you for

She was in the chinese way. I wanted to see the armenian way.

It was funny I was thinking about when I was twenty one and twenty two

colon. I will get stoned to the gills and,

the Museum of natural history. The museum of my hobbies back then

so I was such a loner and people looking for me and I was always a criminal,

 

go over the bridge to either go to one of those museums. Well, I would sit the courtroom. I would go to a place that had a fuckin' italian sandwich and I get it

mega wise potato chips in a sixteen ounce. Coke and you go to any courtroom. Court starts at seven.

Metropolitan downtown. I take the a train and I'd walk out

forget now what you know. This is one thousand nine hundred and eighty three eighty one. I was a kid and I would sit

that observed night court. I learned how to plus. I grew up in that

you are what you would sit and watch night court like you watch a basketball game where you pick up game somewhere with a sandwich and a salad and potato chips. I think a lot of people don't realize you could just go to Cortana. I would want to do that twelve people. I would learn how to set bail.

 

Can you do that anytime, you want to just get in there watch in the in the eighties. Yes, now, there's bomb detectors you up that the reason. Why is that? Do you have to look at

if you're interested in the case, yeah

Will go down there and just watch it, but if you, for whatever reason, is a speeding thing,

like someone lost their license. They got arrested, driving and trying to get away from cops. You go watch them go support and

I'd like to go, and I see I would like to see what the fuck

What's going on with those guys are trying to get away from the cops and helicopters chasing him with the spotlights, and they just keep going like what the fuck were. You think

like what I would like to get to that court.

I want to see that guy.

The guy that was like running from the cops at the fucking spotlight from the helicopter on. We knew he wasn't going to get away. It's cutting people off and driving in the fucking side of the nobody ever gets away.

Nobody ever gotten away. Recently.

The other night. I don't have parking garage,

 

find them. You get in a parking garage yeah if they get away, but the percentages lonely place well right. The percentages of very low right, if

not to get away bro. They gotcha once those

I look up the spot you running through neighborhoods. You gotta make sure you're going into a mall. They have cameras, they could bring.

One camera watching go if you're running into the mall, the you know there is a will spot on the cars they they they

what happens here you want to know what happens? What happens to all right? First of all, it's usually spike sky. Nine is following you,

that's good news. Yeah they gotta put on the floor. Kick your legs. Do everything by

see John Camp. They pick you up, they handcuff

and they put in the side of the car. The guide told

 

It is. A white version of what happened in pursuit started on the vine. That's white, Persian at least wanted subject. Yeah suspect was moving at a high rate of speed. If I just had to chase you for twenty miles, how piston my you pushing the fucking trunk and they push in the back seat in front of everybody, said the cameras take pictures and they put a cop next year on the drive there, you gotta couple backhands to your face.

Even saying that you you hit the steering wheel or something they hate you couple times

You go in. There, use it in a holding tank, and then you fucking.

If you would one another person used to you, just shut your fucking mouth,

like. Why are you loyal column where they want to call your lawyer, because you want one of the other guys to get a lawyer so then, like that you have to get its public conflict.

 

So maybe you and Jamie got arrested right now. I'm gonna shut my mouth and how you're gonna call my attorney later, because I know for a fact: James is going to get a public defender. So now I can't get a public defender because that's conflict of interest, so the state has to pay for a different attorney. For me, whoa a lot of people, don't know that so you got arrested with two or three people

you keep your mouth shut. Alcoma! Italian later you have an attorney yeah. I forgot his name but Jamie COP, but public defender now have two public defenders. Camera

search. You get a better chance of getting a better attorney.

And the state pays for is on the other. So next time

If your mortgage to go God, this state, Texas, I it's 'cause it jerk off, like me-

what with Fuckin' Johnny Rumble mats and Falcon,

He wants eight hundred an hour, even though the state will give four hundred. Now it's like holes,

 

I am back at least I got a better type of eternity game. The system you gave the system, it really is

crazy. How I love figure this out you'll! Do the right, rear writing things down like you anything? Can you just automatically sort of writing down numbers and percentages yeah? I love the show. I grew up and it is like a sport. So that's with

Do hot and by the time Harvey bring on a rape case. You gotta go up there and we live the story and tell the dates and was there was a rape kit's very fuckin'? Tough

This will be very interesting, bro, what's going to happen here, the only thing,

is anything he cops to easily come they going to come back on the Michael, my

and try this soon so just live in Florida. Making fuckin' super eight films that led Zeppelin, Fuckin' Miramar

Florida whenever it is crazy, when you see someone like him, because they,

work, the system, I'm going to say

 

nothing bad here. That's what your advisors in the people around you will tell you he's

hot water for the rest of his life.

Because even if he gets that down to like an assault, charge

Do he has to serve eight months, twelve months, which is really eight.

Once he gets out. He, although

Simple foods are going to come at him and

and he has to pull an OJ, moved to Florida when they can't touch your pension or some bullshit money.

The ad in the sunlight that wow it's really crazy. This is not unrelated to what we're talking about right now, so this has happened. I think, since we've been live, Kevin Spacey uploaded this video on his Youtube Channel, where he's in character as Frank Underwood, and since this is come out today, he's now been indicted on rape

Charges and Matt Massachusetts, I believe, wo felony rape charge, so his plea to get his job back, it might have come out without him.

 

That was going to happen. I don't know I was just see if we wanted to watch it and see what he's doing

Should we watch it? If we were going to kick it off Youtube, it's fair use, ish ish, I mean it should be, definitely fair use. We can always watch it minute or something like that. Second, seven see what he's doing is washed his hands.

I know what you want. Oh sure, they may have tried to separate us, but what we have is too strong. It's too powerful,

And after all we shared everything you and I

I told you my deepest darkest secrets

I showed you exactly what people are capable of. I shocked you

is my honesty, but mostly I challenged you and made you think, and you trusted me, even though you knew you shouldn't.

So we're not done no matter what anyone says.

 

And besides, I know what you want. You want me back,

Of course, Sean believed everything and it just been waiting with baited breath to him. He confessed it all. They just dying to have me declared that everything said is true and that I got what I deserved.

Would there be easy?

It was all so simple.

Only you- and I both know it's never that simple, not in politics and not in the live.

You wouldn't believe the worst we get it. You see Karen Kerr, yes hundred percent supposed to be dead in the show.

Correct this is strange: that's strange

to watch

because really you know it's strange, Zulu Zulu Little Office game right,

but even if it was planned, Frank Underwood, he seems a little off like okay.

Tents on that one! Let's, let's get into this year, Frank Underwood, come on Kevin, you frank under

 

frank, Underwood and then boom. It

in time second take felts, blew second take votes with

yeah. It seemed like acting it's weird: it's not like great character that characters fluck great character. I mean the Frank, Underwood care.

Select one of the all time, tv characters, but that's just weird

that's so strange. He was really himself has already happened on the. This is for statutory Fox NEWS according to Fox NEWS, but this is what everywhere else too. He shared this video, as he's announced that he's facing felony sexual star charts all charges for salting, a teenage son of a former news anchor and then Anti

bar in two thousand and six GS. I thought he was going off on that powder.

God knows the power, they give you what you buy into just to make that tape just shows you how fucking creepy

 

I really think to be that good at acting, you got be out of your fucking mind, Kevin.

Spaces are bad mother fucker. When it comes to acting all

horrible. Things he's done a there's, a there's, a Qual

the about someone. That's that good! You know they're, just

yeah, like a certain amount of insanity. To that, I have not does not apologizing for his actions. Everything he did is horrendous, but I mean

surprised that you're seeing him,

I'm crazy there. Now, that's not surprising,

He's too he's too good to not be crazy, like I would assume that they're all good when they're, not crazy, I'm shocked

and when someone is uh, you know seems to like Daniel

Lowe's doesn't seem to be crazy right. It just seems to be obsessed. It seems to be obsessed with work. Maybe I'm wrong.

I think, all those brilliant mother,

cars, rather out of just his out of his mind, is:

horrible. I did when I was a kid,

 

grandparents did. German shepherds are very smart, intelligent dogs, but they all have a quirk. They all have a quark. You know my mom wouldn't neuter hers.

Oh, she had a female and bleed once a month which made him even talking crazy. So when I was a kid, my mom had one that you could go to next to a purse

my buddies stinky had one this year and my buddies thinking out in german shepherd that was pure, authentic, either walking. The house have a great time I data making move for the door, so he built all our friends in the ass. He don't like when people laughed everyone, so everyone of us, because

extreme of what we do, including yourself has to have some. You know something

You will now wonderful last week, speaking about Bill Burr, he wanted the helicopter he plays drums

 

he's a comedian he's a daddy, doesn't animated series. You know you know,

so here you are in a helicopter with Bill Burr flying around the city, but

nights earlier. You will laugh at him on stage. While he made fun of some fuckin',

as soon as he was hysterical, making fun of the Obama tool. Yeah.

Michelle Obama.

You follow me yeah. Those extremities is a makes you good at your main thing. You know the.

That that does all those different things, the fact that cowboys to Roni fights at a high level of competition but then to

We slay these high diving off a cliff motorcycle racing.

 

Not just that he does it while he's in training, while he's in training yeah. That's what makes people who the fuck they are. You know way when it comes to drugs, psychedelics or the hardship

you know you get these people that

for years. I heard rumors about certain actors that they show up on the set still coked up from the night before, but given three cups of coffee.

Breakfast and take a shower

and whoever is supposed to be so

for those eight hours they kept it together for the

twenty. They were a fucking mess. Public figure guys like Nick Nolte Right Nick Nolte is one of the greats for sure right,

mean unbelievable actor and it had some serious, serious substance abuse issues and it's

 

past Jan Michael Vincent should have taken over Hollywood watch the mechanic. You know we listen Bro, the

me too, movement was a great movement made people, you know whatever the words

so that people with countable but wait.

What happened to Marilyn Monroe? She was

Me too, victim.

Marilyn Monroe with. If you look at it from an angle, they passed around Joe Rogan

between the President Nick Bonna Connie

in fact a mobster in Chicago and who else pass

she was married to Mickey mantle. She

married, how many fucking times she's my

to the playwright tormented that poor girl

then they found her were dead of alcohol or whatever, no not to me Marilyn Monroe. When I see my own Monroe she's, the first thought in original me too

 

You know that knocked him down all of

Schrader. Also

symbol of art, the last

we think it's closed

third MEL disclosed. Everything is closed on that block you're looking

that still open is that flower shop they found

only decided to close after one thousand years, but that was the flower shop where, if you

I want to take my aluminum rod. Impressing you had to order flowers from that flower shop.

That was what it was famous for that the Maggio Sinatra ever

nude body, ordered flowers for her for that shop,

if you knew say what say, what is she like? Get flowers from that place on sunset,

but she was the original come on dog. Think about how tragic her life was, and she was beautiful.

She was young and I

animal, but all of a sudden, a slick, young

 

Guy comes along with his olive oil, voiceless, tight shoes,

It takes her away from me, I'm a man that cannot

be humility is that what that

who tells Walt there's no details.

Do vow when he comes over and tells me once and not for the movie yeah, the house is a piece of and I've Adam all as she was the best piece I

just to show you it's not about dollars and cents. I put singing lessons into our dancing lessons. She was going to be a fucking star, but

All of a sudden you have

Your boy comes along with his olive oil voice and his shiny shoes, and he makes it takes away from me, I'm

a man to be humiliated. You know what that

likely goes off on me. Throw throws fucking, what's his name out

this morning he wakes up in the dead horses in bed. That's right! That's the speech! He gives him that Sinatra. Fuckin' took his girl. That's right! The horse in the bed scene

 

you want the most fuckedup scenes ever in a movie, especially when you attend yeah 'cause. I don't wanna see a horses head, they really oh yeah. They killed a fucking horse for that scene,

percent, that enough

sucking rubber horse. That's a real horse's head! You ever watch it again.

I don't think I'm mistaken. I

I'm pretty sure remember this. I remember that it was

I never shared. I think that they might throw you in jail. Today.

That? Even then the sunrise and you can get away with disposable sample countries and we've made while he was in

the dog out the plane and then,

expect the showed up and they kept saying. Oh all,

Porsche. It

still moving lease the stock in Jan Michael Vincent come to take his job as an all

 

Burt Reynolds Movie PP. Why hopper that's a movie about Burt, Reynolds Being Bertrand, the baddest stuntman of all time, but then jam?

Michael shows up and jam,

Michael is going to eat his lunch, but then Burt Rental

put jam Michael this place, and they make the jump in the car together.

The funny thing about. That movie is that he has to jump out of the building and the guy that played the inspector was

wacky guy. We got here jamming Snopes article, it's true,

The studio had encouraged Francis Ford Coppola to use a fake horse head, but he didn't. He didn't like the mock up his skin.

Found a horse ready for slaughter at a dog food plan in New Jersey. The art director pick one that

like the horse in the

and said.

When that one is slaughtered sent us their head.

He said one day a crate with dry eyes came with a horses head in it farm. Well,

 

sounds like them would kill the horse anyway,

we better than not using it right, but people

attached. They serve horse rectum once on fear factor and horse people got real mad. They get very mad. This is seen here we go who imagine

in this poor folk and being entangled with the mob back, then this is suppose

filmed in what like the fifties as well on, was to take place in the 50s, not showing it.

You know you can try to the people at home. They, okay, look! Ok, it's very which

really scary about this scene, is that they came into the house. While you were sleeping, they didn't wake. You up

 

yeah and they put a horses head, undersheet message, she's, so lucky realizes. There's some blood now he's looking around he's like what the fuck. What the fuck is this? How good is this actor, whose is actor? What's his name he's been in everything? Well have fun. This is blood. Yeah he's looking at the blood

It's all over his fact sheets. I mean it's crate and that's real blood too, and there's a horse's head. They start starts

wow, they chopped his fuckin' horses head to head off

 

and stuff it in bed with them. That was like a prize stallion that he had right. He felt could choke him and he and he insulted he insulted. He will see you can get out and I ain't no band leader and he goes yeah. I heard about that story because that was the story. Michael tells to check the thing. How do you know Sinatra? She goes well. My father's gone all the storm his godfather, and he goes. What does that mean that he goes? He sang with the Tommy Dorsey Man,

And Tommy said I'm not releasing them and they put a gun to his head, LUCA Brasi, pulling gun to his said,

do either going to sign it by your brain's going to be across it, which one I paid a dollar for,

Oh, my God

so that's. Why would this guy shows up? Because I ain't no flocking bandleader, I

 

That was the last thing you tell some guy, like Robert Duvall Robert Duvall, said, if you mind, I have a plane, I rear driver sent over a plane. Get me to the play.

Reno Collier he's a man of insisting bad news right away and hearing bad news right away and, as you go tell 'em and the next morning with something of fuckton dead horse

Jesus Christ, what a way to send somebody a message: it was a good movie. All those movies were great. I had a cat is the problem. Is I got a times we to

going to be in Italian. They said over emphasizing this crazy. I will tell you I will tell you this Joe Rogan. I told you this a couple weeks ago and I know it's tough for you.

Stuff for me, uh subtitles, but this episode of narcos.

Is really been. Were they doing it all in subtitles?

 

hello. This is a land of issue money and was, but it's tough for people to watch. But, like I told the guy who played Pablo, was a bad

like I was saying the other day, I was telling somebody you know what man I grew up.

I american movies, and I love them, but my undercurrent was watching spanish television at night.

Or from the age of five to eight or nine. There was a couple novella

but I really appreciate it and I kind of like the acting. I was like these guys can fucking act

but I forgot about it and I watch man on fire and man on fire had some phenomenal spanish acting

plus they had the italian guy Giancarlo Giannini, how bad of a fuckton, how bad of a mother

Sallie Mae you, when your name is Jim,

Kahlo G and Amy,

he's the one that was in Hannibal that

Stabs him in then fucking throws his guts out the fucking

 

if you've ever watched animal, he shows up and and that's uh wow. He killed him to his stomach, but he's

common man on fire, the one who

is the girls as yeah man,

I had a lot of good lakeside actors, but a lot of

Spanish actor

is narcos, alter, hold.

And all these shows are coming back, I'm watching

these dudes with white pearl. Is these guys from old soap, opera, spanish soap operas, which is stuff you ever did a sofa

it's a time. I did General hospital and let me tell you something

If I would've gotten off a plane and on general hospital I would've gotten fired. Thank God. I was p at twelve and thirteen

years and I knew my way around the set it. You know when you book a soap opera. Nobody talks to him. You do know that yeah, like you,

walking to the see ABC over there on and got street. You walk in

 

delete your id and then go go to room twenty seven. You go to your office, you talking your suits there.

Not from the lady comes in as soon as how you doing my name is Mildred. What

is the tv and look real numbers that come up see:

sit down, you're right in numbers, I'm insane twenty seven chapter eight and you sit there with wardrobe on

but you wouldn't go there at eight hundred o'clock. It might be in my car in order that I'm really

soap operas. Do opera, general Hospital, three episodes.

Free episodes of general hospital amazing. I played a recovering fuckin' preacher who had been out in prison, and I came out and now was a fucking married thing bro, when they called me,

like they called me like we're interested in sending a real

Wait wait woah, woah, woah, so

 

Benjamin Bratt, those good looking dudes based on general hospital, and you want me on you, fucking crazy,

the real I swear

they just like? They really want you real Joey. What do you want me to do? I go send it home. What are you?

never going to hire me bro. They called right back, come on down for three days. Wow

you walk in there, Joe Rogan, you give me your id it's that fast. You go to your room.

They'll, say seen twenty eight prepare wardrobe

ten minutes away.

Whatever wardrobe they give you on. They have to

parts for you.

They have yeah under a fucking. Another cameras and security cameras shoot you go

but it is ok. Acting twenty eight come out. You come out. I

very nice, to meet you? Okay, let's do this action,

boom boom boom boom. Let's say you fuck up your line, they don't give a fuck

 

like if you start from all alone, will stop from that line. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, cut, moving ahead,

wow. Also they switch you out of a bother, put put up on you and then, like you, just not not seen to survey of five minutes. Well, five minutes, they come right.

Are you ready, gerasenes? Three, you like what the fuck happened, Baba Baba baba Baba,

thank you for coming down. Nobody talks to you

there is nothing huh

So it's not! It's!

try to get out quick, don't hold your hand, it's eight to five wow

being on a soap opera is

the easiest way like if you land on General hospital

You could be on general hospital for thirty years. I do spend on every thirty years. Yeah you know

even beyond their people, been on it for a long time now. So it's it's eight to five general hospital. Is that Luke and Laura? Was

those Luke and right now

and Laura

 

There was one thing that happened. There was a thing that happened in soap operas and it happened. When I was a kid

can Laura

transcended general hospital and became a thing all throughout the world

people fall. Yet these people are but this so it makes sense because dude here was weird, and I just I I did was a strange couple under the sea with him. They were weird yeah. I do

the scene with him. She was a little too hot for him didn't make a whole lot of sense, but it worked

but for whatever reason it caught fire culturally and became a big thing, and I think I was in high school at the time.

What year was the nineteen eighty three okay yeah, so

in high school. While I was in high school, this was all going down and everybody paid attention to Luke and Laura. It was like the general hospital.

Thing took over the country was like on the cover of.

People magazine shit was everywhere. Was this one weird relationship on a soap

number for some reason, just became this giant

phenomenon that everybody was watching. I mean I was watching it. I would, like you said thirty.

 

Don't you crazy! What was what was the show with a good looking singer

wishes she was Jessie's girl over Springfield General Hospital also show- and I watch that yeah, but it wasn't even him see of him if he was with lore. I want me to say that he's a handsome son of a that Rick Springfield

you know he was a double threat. He's

general hospital in he was a bad singer that Jessie's girl that song, if you had

like wild wings and Jesse's girl comes on your side, the beginning of it Jessie's girl. You

still touring

I think he was at the Canyon club in Igora he's out there.

That dude was when I was in high school. That dude was on top of the food chain. Every

poster on a wall

Lake Tahoe next month, good for him February?

 

see that whatever soap operas on from twelve to one was a big time. Soap, opera,

and there was a bar in New York and there was a bar in New Jersey in my neighborhood that if you walked in there from twelve to one

and you said a word somebody would tell you to shut the fuck up

and it was ninety eight percent of men and they would serve lunch and there was one I would go to was the midtown lounge, but there was another one. So there was a lunchtime soap, opera, yeah that men left their jobs

russian guys and they would

there and watch soap opera on two tv's like it was a Yankee game. What the fuck.

And then they will go back to work.

I think those strange is that. How strange is that that was a thing? It was a big thing at one point, and I still remember you know if you dated a girl and she stayed in on wednesdays, to watch dynasty bich.

 

Who stated on dynasty night. If that's going to get a new key cookie that makes sense for like today, it's translatable, you know Sunday, night game of thrones is on or whatever night it's on. It's like people do get together and they watch it live as it goes on. That makes sense. It doesn't make sense. Is that the market for those kind of Sopa

was a, was appealing to men and high school kids,

Like we're all watching, it.

Who shot Jr Brown does Dallas. But since I don't understand the tv show and now we're talking, then yeah,

Not only will they sucking you in the daytime in those days

This is all the eighties were talking about the eighties Correct ACT. What the

What's going on at night, both you had Dallas,

and you had. What was the one on ABC with

Alexis Carrington in dynasty and the dynasty that was bad as bad as bad girl. Right now, the chick who played the princess on that that was

 

used to be a is daughter.

She was having an affair with Dex Dexter. She

is the one right. Now that's going through that thing with a daughter in the sex ring up in Connecticut.

The sex ring noble when over right, like she's, a princess is life. The yes

is the one that's going through all that with the daughter.

I remember her being on dying.

Honesty, is a hot hot.

And she was Alexis, is daughter, but Dex Dexter was Alexis husband. She had something degnan, Dex, Dexter admin of a name. Is that let's look at that cast.

Joan Collins, she still hot back, then she's original, no right, yeah for sure

'cause. She was super hot picture. How old do you think she was back then fifty yeah? She was fifty one and she was washing decks decks, hard fuc and look.

Ricardo Montalban, how much p that do got paid.

 

Fucking island

how this is Alan, how they haven't done a remake of fantasy, did Island owned a did. What

a comic couple.

It's went out there and did it

yeah they had they had? It was on tv for a little bit. No, they thought it wasn't the love boat. Wasn't cool love boat

my confusion and things that I liked was home before. Okay, no, but I mean a new version of it- was

there was either a new version of the love boat or new version of Fantasy Island. So one of the two showing up the other one

actually was, but it was in the 90s it was it

in the 90s.

Because some,

Do you, member Gerry Red, Wilson, yeah God bless his soul

 

Jerry read! Well, someone supposed to be filming that what was it which one was about the next the love boat, cherry red wheels, was supposed to be film that show and he went to a doctor and

turn down the had meningitis, and I I guess, apparently, he left the dock,

his office. Yes, it was a waiting yeah. I honeymoon

and he by time

got there, I guess flying when you have that's really bad by time. We got there, he died. He died shortly after it's horrible horrible to hear.

Who's, good guy. Who is a good guy in a funny funny. I still had a lot of fucking character. I worked with that kid. A lot in New York

we did gigs together on the road together a little bit too. It was a good little click. I remember

weather in Seattle, and he came up Louis CK came up. All those guys will all coming up together at that time in New York. So it was a good bunch of guys. You know yeah yeah,

 

did Yuri make a lot of fucking television shows. I mean it is fucking ridiculous,

bring so many shows makes. Is it that hard

come up with a new Linus.

Like how many more Visam be shows they're going to have

the news on new zombie show right, I think, they're making World WAR

is it in China, but there's a new walk.

Indent in China. Now I think, click ok, Jesus Christ, like that,

I think I know what's going to happen bad things you know like you have when you were growing up. I don't know what the funk you grew up. Let's just say, Boston for awhile there was one fucking sandwich shop. He wanted them all the time, little italian guy and the major legitimate sandwich, and often another guy opened up, but that was cool, but now subway came and now the Safeway started, making sandwiches so now nobody's making money. It's the same thing with movies and tv. It's like the

 

so much content. We can't keep up with it, can't keep up. You can't keep up with the amount of content, that's out there. So when you try to remake the show I wanted to be there, we make a ton of shit, but they forget the main element, which is the high

aspect of it. Let me tell you something you got to say: that's good! That's out! Right now on Amazon, Prime Marv,

MRS Maisel,

so have you seen it? Have you watched it? Yeah yeah, the two episodes of mine, yeah, she's, she's, a stand up, comic and she's hanging out with Lenny, Bruce

looking amazing for goodwill, show really good show to real good show. This is the first ever watched on Amazon, Prime, it's very easy to do you just set it up through the Apple tv

the login in it's it's like, but the thing about like

things like apple, tv or Netflix that are so good is once you're logged in it's right. There

you go to it. It's easy. We're

 

Lazy now that the extra step to log in to another service, whether it's whatever it is, you know what

other thing on top of the getting on to I tunes are either one more thing all I got to use my password like that little.

Extra step

even just setting it up

once you get it set up. You could just go to it before

You do that that extra step bothers the shit out of people, for whatever reason he's tease

I don't want to do them. I don't. I just have my wife programming for me. Only on my Ipad. I don't know

you don't know nothing else to play that put into airplane mode. I hit the WI fi thing and next you know I'm watching Fucking TV. I get it

Keep it's like I'm right now, I'm on the second time watching narcos in because I like the acting so much

guide Diego Luna, Joe Rogan ain't,

 

I do was to do more, Math Ambien. It's such a difference. He such a bad mother

I don't want to spoil it for you, but fuck you if you haven't watched it by and I use

yeah. I only watched the first two seasons.

Do you gotta watch the Pablo sees yeah, which way

is very good. He was a very good actor. I enjoyed him in the third season with about the Cali Cartel and that was okay.

This mexican one this for on this before we place for you

it's just. It explains a lot. Why Philly based away from the pays a wall?

If I could move this in a lower, I would

I belong down there. It's just a city full of fucking, fucking, crazy thieves, digit. You know they just crazy.

Figured out how to grow weed in the desert, and it would

Thirty million dollars a week, a bunch of crazed, Fuckin', Indians

We never found out how much

 

What percentage of marijuana did we used to have your right? But it's also really hard to test

Then in the crime yeah, they were not as to the back to testing right by

the strongest weed I was smoking back then was chocolate. I wait that

we made me, go fucking crazy, someone dicks

To me, the difference between

strains that were raised in Afghanistan and Sudan and strange. It came from other places right like right now, dean our friends from the store he got a fee for

afghani weed from the old days sure for he re power that I guess the word to use is up for, and he keeps trying to get that.

I still remember smoking afghani weed. You were going for

You were going for a ride, but your your tolerance is so high. Now and the weed your smoking is weapon grade, I mean

you are. You are smoking some of the most insane I had a weight of of vape pen, the other day, a simple little

vape pen I took one hit. I was obliterated.

 

Levi DOT. Damn strongly are now you gotta be really careful. Now I was cocky. I was treated like the old ones, especially those disposable ones. You can take three four heads before even feel it one

obliterated, but especially, but is Bush's. I stop with the apples that changed the game. Yeah the elbow drop,

 

change the game up. You, one hundred percent off the edibles one hundred percent. I got a job. Buddy George has one thousand milligram edibles and he gave me two bags. I think like tonight. Oh I'll take a bite out of the other because it's Christmas, but I had to cut it out because it was just killing me. It was. It was taken away from my other high I enjoy taking two hits off a pipe in the morning. Gets me going against me: listen to music, I'm writing a little bit. I'm loose, I love being loose. I went to moitie at nine. I threw it at me and I'm saying I enjoyed. I should I can't when I go on the road. I don't bring a pipe, so I gotta bring joints in Maine. If I gotta come down off the 11th floor and walk two blocks, I gotta smoke the whole flock to join, so I gotta go back to my room and pass out like that's how strong in the way it is. I could just kills me

 

actually now they're married them anymore. Yeah just kills me mummifies Maine. I go back to the room. I watch two three episodes of summer. I think that this sub scientists making weed now I mean they've gotten. They got real

hotness involved, there's money in it now and now that it's opening up in Canada, it's going to be really weird

Canada, they're, making it legal right, it's legal now, so

I'm I'm pretty sure Rj J Reynolds, that it wasn't just dumped a shit ton of money and do some marijuana production in Canada. That's going to fall so

United States, it's there's too much money involved in it and it's going to be good for everybody. It's going to be good,

capitalism is going to be good for people getting marijuana

as long as regular people could sell marijuana to let Fuckin' art

Reynolds as long as they don't put. Some restrictions like they were trying to put was it. You Jamie told me about what they were trying to do in Ohio, where they were trying to make it set up? Where you could you could,

 

grow weed, but only a couple companies could grow it. So the

would be legal, but only a couple. Companies monopolize

and then everybody was like fuck this, but they ended up passing out. I believe that's terrible. It's sad that

I mean that's such a corruption. That's like saying, okay, you can have tomatoes, but we're the only ones who grow these fucking tomatoes like why it's a tomato, that's a

against nature, so you're saying that nature can take place. I can't put a seed in the ground and grow. My own shit get the fuck outta here. Is it legal? It's legal, ok, how's it different than corn how's it different

a my pear tree. It's not,

It's illegal life form, so life form it supplant. You're allowed to grow it,

and if you say you can't grow it, you've got a corrupt system. You got some bull

get law that you weaseled in, because you greased up some assholes and the other people don't have as much money as you do. It's the only reason why that ever happens, or

people so desperate to

get legal weed they let some dick dominate

 

the entire industry, some greedy focke. Now the deal is it's legal

where it's, not legal, otherwise we're in some sort of a weird dictatorship,

You know this is not you

I just decide it's legal, but you're, the only one who gets to make money off a que. It's a plant! That's crazy! Imagine if you owned all the pine trees in the country, Damaine MIKE

my pine trees from me. I find you

talking Christmas tree I'll. Take you out crazy.

What happened last week would como. I don't know,

New York. He said he wants to legalize weed no yeah. He wants to make it recreationally legal in New York stupid to shoot down.

You should be making money off of it. It exists, no matter what you do, if your capitalist, if your your person who believes in free market

you already have whiskey. Urea pills. People can get high

not so just they're! Just not

with the child is arguments give the flock

 

people freedom and make money off at you dummies, that's what everybody should be doing. This should make it legal and profit off and they would shouldn't stop with that either it should go to mushrooms. She go to a lot of different things. I should set up clinics set up

this is where people can go through mushroom therapy, people that are suffering.

After the war PTSD. You know, there's

many different ballots for depression people

they're getting ready to you know to pass away.

They have extreme anxiety a lot of times alleviated by mushrooms people have.

Through like extensive

cancer treatment realize their terminal one of the best things for the

peoples, mushrooms, that helps them easy

Is there pain and suffering in their last dying days? And it does.

Seem negative effects you other than

the occasional person losing their falcon marbles, which is going to happen. No matter what you do. It's it's

it should be studied and it's not something that should be free and it could benefit people, so it should be fuckin' legal,

everybody models

 

Colorado's doing people see it

you know, there's a lot of naysayers in this business and they don't understand that in Cala Rado you get tax rate

it's don't leave. Colorado's real estate went through the fucking room yeah, you know this is this is

something that I hope most states go for

I know that there's a back angle to it, it's a gateway drug. It's this is that it depends what you do with it

the only argument. Is traffic fatalities. This the only argument

have we had have a lot of your vin, an increase in traffic fatalities but

I've read is it did it did? It depends on who wi it's a pro problem? Is it's hard to find the study, the

It's absolutely correct some.

There's been an increase, some say the entrance increase corresponds to the population. Increase. I've read that too. I don't know. If that's true,

That kind of makes sense that if you get more people in the city you're going to have more people driving, you have more traffic accidents period. So if the number just goes up, but the

 

population is increased by fourteen percent or whatever it's done that would

kind of makes sense, but also

Let's be honest, some people don't drive very well when they're high and if you're

their driving high and spacing out you're a fucking idiot,

it slam into a car. That's entirely

able to and to deny that that's possible seems silly, but

I think that it's like everything else, there's people

responsible people and there's people that aren't and there's people

good drivers, there's people that aren't as people that drive distracted as people

pay attention to shed, and then people to do

You know whether they're high or sober. I would rather have you drive in mine and a lot of people driving sober. I know you don't

your phone, when you're driving I've seen you drive, you drive you, take it

seriously.

Look around you're, not you're, not interested in getting any stupid car accident. 'cause you weren't, paying attention. I seen you drive how fucking take

to hide any day of the week I drove over the tragedy. It was at cell phone addiction. I drive

defensively. I watch everything I watch.

 

Been coming from all angles, especially today. You have to double check everything when you drive.

Yeah, I, dear friend, when we lived. When do you leave me got hit by a car yeah? I heard three weeks ago crossing the fucking street

she broke both her legs yeah. I want people to understand that you have to have your eyes open all the time. I don't take nothing for granted. I don't care that guys stopping that when I'm making that right, I'm watching that mother,

plus I got a wife for pedestrians

as they will walk out anywhere next thing that you're dragging a guide, pre funking blocks. So I did not know the window was hit by a car on yeah. She was in a car accident, no, she applied by our God. She was intuition to right away the whole thing I mean somebody was telling me. The story was just you have to pay fucking attention,

so I drive there's only a little New York in my drive.

 

This is only a little New York. Dr number, two. I drive away from people like to take the two or three colleagues I never did. That told

What ten years ago, my rear ended somebody

you know your dress,

I bring in a place where you have to assume unless you're fucking stupid, that dirty percentage of people for the last ten years have been driving

They need add another twenty percent for people that are texting and driving. Then you got to add another ten percent for people or just visit

I'm looking looking around going home, I got look: how beautiful California is it's a fuck? Every time you get the car, you have to drive a certain way

Was it how I thought twenty years ago now I want to get that. Why do you think

hum against high speed cars. I wanted to ninety show I'm getting a Porsche I'm doing lately. I ripped it. Take it up,

 

you give me a take on rebel. I knew you were going to get one of those cadillacs for a while. We decided not to as I got it, I got it for you to see my feet. My

for very large. They are very large and once they rest on you, it's ninety. Ok, so your face resting on that gas pedal. I made it to San Diego and back, don't see anybody, don't don't help

we'll tell people secrets, not illegal. Ok, I'm sick and tired of people coming to me going, oh, my god, the drive to say

The angle was horrific. What time did you go? One in the afternoon? Can I

smack you now. Should I

back in the mouth later. That's four hours! That's three one slash two, but it's not crazy that it takes that long. But if you get in your car at nine and you do fuckin' eight

because all you need to do is get out of la once. You pass

the commerce casino? It's a river,

nobody gives a Frenchmans fuck. You stay,

in that second, the left lane

 

just doing seven thousand five hundred and eighty it's an hour or not.

Forty five under

way back. I made it from La Jolla now with dirty well, because I

That's the easy route solution,

The five n you banging out the whole earth quick all

wait to Camp Pendleton, Navy you're, know saying you don't give a fuck

you got something serious on this. Nobody out there it's a weird area, though too, when you coming back from San Diego says: it's militarised your hit, eight thousand and eighty eighty eight thousand and eighty then, when the road starts to thin

that means you're about to hit immigration are going to ask you if you got oranges, you know you know how they never out there, those mutherfuckers helping out. This is nine hundred and eleven. Alright, you just once I hit that point. I kick it to one hundred

still ahead, Irvine once

Irvine Spectrum, I come

until about eighty eighty, eighty, eighty

 

Let's see nineteen miles back up to up hundred, but then user going to on traffic condition that

at the time the five everybody's hooking up you could get on the one on one, but then I get back

that one thirty four and at one hundred and thirty

for little or no other five goes until one hundred and thirty four, the next thing I own no drama

the night driving from San Diego is the way to do it. Yeah! Def!

drive home after the gig, don't want to wait for the morning fog.

Sometimes you're. So tired, you scared. No, no that wouldn't that morning adds two. No you stop

yourself an ice coffee and you

falcons, ranging all the way back to work now, you're right, that's what you definitely should do, but man that you know, which is the key.

For folks who you worry bout falling asleep in your car

driving get a rag or t shirt and get some ice. It's the best, wet rag with ice

 

Is the best just rub it on your face real quick and you wakes, you write the.

Look up and it last for a few minutes and then just do it

a few minutes later and you'll be fine. The whole way home. If you can,

ice in a like a washcloth or something like that with ice in it and it gets wet. Just keep rubbing your face.

It's better than anything I used to smack myself in the face. When I was uh,

early in the morning to do newspapers delivering newspapers. Then we do gigs at night I was fucking, tired man and I would be coming back. You know

night from this gig, and I knew I had to get up at five hundred am to deliver newspapers depending on the day, and I'm just talking smack myself in the face 'cause, I was falling asleep at the wheel.

I would just feel my eyes getting heavy and I'm opening him up and I couldn't keep it. I just fucked out of wack and if you whack yourself in the face it lasts for like a couple,

Minutes like I would just my whole face would be stinging. You know it's like

seriously. Slap myself really hard in the face.

 

Just try to stay away over a fucking coffee guy. I know I was as a kid I mingled in cuban coffee, but I just straight away from it. So when I first started tribble runs, I will have my kid at two hundred in the afternoon on Sunday and I will get off stage in Boise id at one thousand, one hundred and thirty electrical rent. My cloud would be filled with gas and I get it. It had inhale for five years no dolls and I will go to a gas station and get the biggest

 

do they ever had in life, and I would go for six hours. I would eat no doze, but one of the worst experiences I ever had was. I was falling asleep. I got was done and it was for content below zero. You know, and I pulled over on the side of the road. I turn my lights on. I put the brake lights on it and I kicked the seat back and lay down with the heat blasting in the car was on and at one point you are wrong. I opened up my eyes and I thought I had lost control of the car. In your mind, you feel like it when I moved in I member holding on

mister, well she's at my heart, almost doubling on thank God and get fucking hit here, but I was an O'Doul's. This is way before red bulb Blue bull, red blue, whatever that shit yeah, but I still remember doing coke all night and shooting a short film for Fox and I'll. Never forget the fuqing. They gave me two red bulls. I drank two of 'em:

 

still from the sleep. This is that I go by double the flag. Is a red boulder? The use of it is about it. Yeah about a coke. You do yeah the red bulls on deck,

We think it is John Jones. It's going on. You know: what's happened, yes, he's moving from Vegas saw this last loss and bring it home from the comedy store break it down. I may have a job

David, come on and break down scientifically on Thursday. A lot of people call bullshit, including DOW,

I talked to call me on the phone he was like he tested positive again. She believes his ship and they get.

I found out about it from Cormier, Cormier told

They're going to move the fight to Lai, go no yes, Joe to move the fight down, I'm like no! This can't be real. It didn't seem real like

I don't believe this. I looked at his core mage twitter and I said

it said he tested positive again and then I looked

I went what this is like first thing in the morning:

 

and he's like it again

but from what

Stand from

reading, Ariel Helwani's transcript of his interview with Andy Foster,

and hearing what Jeff Novitzky has had say about it:

it is, is the number

the amount of it is so infinitesimal and it's exact same metabolite that had been

screen for that he tested positive for a year ago and that this ship

could stay in a system in the

it's kind of sizes of the molecule. It's like some five

hundred millionth of a grain of sand or something like that see. Google.

The actual number of like how small this molecule is. So

Andy Foster is said again through this

transcription of this interview that he did with Ariel Helwani that it's the same,

metabolite for the same substance, they tested positive

 

this is the same instance that the

number of it and it

It indicates that this is

but he's already been punished for the same exact he's already got

through his steps, and this is just in

in testimony small metabolite. That's that's what I'm here

I would love to hear someone who doesn't think that's the case that thinks there might be some way to game the system and the big thought

that people always bring up when it comes to stuff. Is micro, dosing, someone, micro, dosing like you're, the one who told me about that. First,

Tell me about somebody. Rodriguez yeah who is taking like gummy bears

so he would be up for the seventh, eighth and ninth inning, but by

it's the tenth inning came. If they tested him, it would be

out of this system. So

I would imagine the testing is better now, and this is one of the things that Nowitzki wants get into. The testing is

 

are superior now so you're able to pick up these metabolites and much much smaller quantities. So this is so. This test is from December ninth

I want to see what his test here was.

Leading up to that everything was apparently was clean. Before that he said we were notified early this month of an issue he has had

Where is most recent tests were very small amount, I'll pack describe how small it is uh

a long term. A tablet substance called Dh Cmt known as oral turinabol turnable, which is the

the reason for his most recent suspension a year and a half ago, very, very small amount, but there was a number that.

Where is it say? The number two is a neck, yeah

something like how much smaller it is in a grain of rice. Is it can't find it? Let's yeah look

 

I get how everybody would be fuckin' pist I get,

Everybody would think that he's

cheater he's cheating again. I get that you would think that. But I don't know if that's true,

and if it's not true, it would be a shame to accused him of it. If it

is the same stuff that was in his system. That was ruled to be from a tainted supplement here. It is.

A pictogram is one trillionth of a gram of said: if you

one grain of salt on table and split it

in two hundred and fifty million pieces

program is one of those pieces of that gram of salt, which is insane

so that grain of salt, it's

fifty million times larger or smaller than that, it's crazy

so it's very, very, very, very small. So if

This is true and they believe it's true, an the guy runs.

California, state athletic Commission Andy Foster. I have a great great deal.

 

Tremendous amount of respect for that guy, very proactive with weight cutting

active with weight classes very product with a lot of the rules. He's he's really good if he

he believes this is scientifically

and proven to be from the same exact thing that he already has been punished for I agree with them. I just that. God knows what the fuck he's talking about an easel

Yeah so is novitsky. So are these people that are all saying that it's legit here's. The question, though, have other people been still punished.

For the exact same crime, have other people tested

positive again for the exact same thing. This I do not know.

And I don't know if people are looking into that. If there is any preferential treatment

Beware: the argument would be with preferential treatment. Is flocking tainted supplements

legitimate problem.

Novitsky showed us hundreds and hundreds of supplements you could buy at any

store, that has you know vitamins and muscle.

 

Builders and all those kind of things that test positive for stereo

sisters, there's of shit ton of amount there, man, you can get a lot of stuff in these

but then there's also people that are taking steroids. So how do you know who the only

need to find out who's. Don't take shit, don't take anything. Less is third party,

Just don't think anything controversial, don't take any.

Squirrels

and sometimes people do, and it's up that you know they

Maybe they like a supplement, maybe

got good results with it, and then they get one bad batch, that's possible too. I just want to know that

This was from December ninth

I want to know what the levels of that drug they found were before December night.

It takes a long time ago. I understand so, but every time you you're in the level should get lower and lower and lower. I think what they're saying is this is the lowest detectable number so there's no lower than that. So

I found this before

maybe not maybe,

 

maybe not depending that these his numbers the way,

explain to me again, I'm not a fucking scientist, but the way

Explain to me this number is so small that it could conceivably be

tested in one test and not test another test and then also as the testing procedures get more and more thorough. They get better at it. They're detecting things that,

can detect, maybe even just a year ago I it's continued

the technology is to continuing to grow and they're getting much better

understanding how to use it, how to how to advance it. So it's not

simple, as you test positive

a year ago you test negative today, like they, they might have better

methods of detection today than they had a year ago you got arrested today, Joe.

Judges going to Saint Joe Rogan, I'm releasing on bail, but the da

I want you to take a urine test right samples and if you come back dirty,

The first few is free me

 

Joe Rogan is going to go in there and your thc levels going to be off the chain. This is going to be

off the chain. This is going to be on the chain when they come back, they going to coin little little Joe Rogan. This is what it was now. This is this the next time we test,

better, not be hiding twenty six percent cuz. I know you using this is

one thousand nine hundred and eighty seven yeah. He told me right,

so. If you use that- and I stayed in the program and I went down down down down down and then I joined the voluntary group and my buddy sent me an eighth of Thai weed and I mma smoking enjoying going back in the guys like dogs

did you smoke a joint before you came in for the test? It was like levels: we've never seen the this. Is I'm telling you about this? This is a funny joke and whatever, but

I want to see the test before the ninth and I want to see

 

test, the most recent test.

Those levels have to go down. I guess you don't understand what saying he's not necessarily correct unless he did the steroid

during non competition season which they're allowed to do whatever the other

That's not true. They never allowed to do that with no. They could never take steroids. There's a band list of things they can never ever have in their system. They say if you are fighting they'll still test you

see. If you don't have a camp you're, not in camp, you don't have about lined up, they still still test. It's, not hey, Joey Diaz. How are you come on in?

going to get some get some

lewis from you. Now I don't know if they use in just urine boards we've it's urine and blood, I'm I'm not sure

the protocol, but I do know that it's very thorough and the catching people for things

I've never caught him before in the past, and this is one of the things about this test. It could possibly be, as it's been explain,

to me that this number is so fucking small.

They might not even be able to detect it. A year ago,

 

this number, this insanely small number, there's new levels of detection. Now, where is he would be?

completely negative x amount of time in the past. Now they can.

Past it, and they can find that insanely. Fifty millionth of a grain of salt size particle. It's it's so fucking small that they weren't,

able to catch, something like that x, amount of

I'm in the past, whether it's a year ago or two years, but now they can in the future, is going to be even better they're going to keep getting better at this stuff as they advance the technology. That's

as it's been explained to me, what you're, seeing here or you seeing here, is not evidence of new drug use. It's evidence that the testing is far better and

he has the exact same metabolite. He definitely did have it in the system. 'cause they're finding it a year later in his teen teen teen teen teen tiny amount is body, hasn't completely gotten rid of it. Yet still in there

the question is: how long is that stuff stay in your system? They've '

said through normal detection. I believe

 

Google this make sure this is correct, but through normal

detection, which is not I mean from whenever the

time they they wrote this stuff out.

Yes, I believe they're saying could be detected up to eighteen months, but again,

this technology gets better and they can just

smaller and smaller particles. It's put,

really possible that that might extend so you might

not just be. Eighteen months might be, nineteen

twenty or who knows how long it takes for your body to get rid of that shit. The other guys like

for Mirren Gustus in and guys that you know they look at

This is where there's smoke, there's fire. Oh, yes and there's

have a point to they have a point, though, so I'm not mad at them. For that I'm a big fan of junk of John Jones

person. I am too

for what he does? I love the deathless Roman Albuquerque game. Please show we laughed

I don't think I don't know what to think anymore. You know, I don't know what to think

 

this one really. You know, and I feel bad. We you and I both know. This is the cost of the

it's a phenomenal because the card when people fly in and they made plans around it, they do a bunch of stuff around it. I feel bad for those people. I know what this is like for them. They do.

Was this Saturday night activity well in Vegas takes a big hit too, because this is going to be taking place in Vegas. All those people are going to be in town, it's going to be,

a tremendous amount of money for the the casinos, and you know them short. It was a lot of money for them there was bit is a big thing to have

and a bigger arena? So they're moving.

Is a form which is a smaller place.

Form in is,

I don't know how much smaller does the t bone mobile arena, but he said that he was Dana was saying you could make about six million dollars on the gate and T mobile arena and he's going to be lucky to make a million in the forum

That makes sense it's just it's different prices to in Vegas, and also the fact that it's such short timing- I don't know what they.

 

Do with the original tickets. I don't know how it works. This

what happened? The very first UFC I ever did.

First UFC ever, work was in Dothan, Alabama, UFC, twelve, but was supposed to be

state

we cancelled in New York State, they would let him do it and then they switched the whole thing over night down

Dothan AL. Let's take one

helicopter plane and flying a does. Dothan, it was weird, was weird back. Then man,

but that's that's the only time I've ever heard of something changing this

that was one day. This is one

We have never heard of an event changing like this. Before, not that I can remember. I don't know what the

is happening, I really don't, but they seem very confident that you're not dealing with someone who's taking a drug again,

playing with the very same drug that he took x amount of

it's ago still in the system, the drug,

is already been punished for I uh

the people get mad, but you don't.

 

Want to to someone of something that they're not really guilty of he's definitely guilty of taking it the first time

People are choosing of being stupid and taking it again. I don't think that's true. I don't know for a fact

but what I'm reading from actual experts leads me to believe that they're making sense, but I would have to

you know, I'd have to talk to someone who disagrees. Who knows more about it than Maine to really form an opinion

so my opinion is like well. If I had a bet, I would say,

He probably didn't do anything, but I would like to

talk to someone who's like a real fucking expert who could break down

with the processes. You can tell you if it is even possible that this could be

from another ingestion somewhere along the line with her with the sad sad thing about this whole situation is what that it really really from the bottom of my heart.

 

It's a great card. Oh it's a great car either when Bj pens on the card and nobody even talks about it. Yeah they'll be mentioned. Bj Penn.

Well, you know, Bj's has a fight. I was looking for Carlos and Michael Chiesa, even home

Amanda, Nunuez and Cyborg I haven't slept,

We could probably pull apart. Put the card on the figure that find out

Jon Jones Gusterson, just to look at it. Let's put

and it's still in Vegas. You know

got a guy who's been active. A guy who

the fighting

guy who's, angry guy, who felt the beat Jon Jones. The first time against

very, very talented, dangerous and rested Jon Jones is

their ring dust,

raise their ring rust, I'm sorry bring dust

You look at this man in a Chris

my blog has been bid. Slapping motherfuck his cell

day one

Amanda Nunez is something

 

you taught me about that's not around anymore and that's being slick.

Amanda Nunez is very slick. She's taken out some tough opponents. You know

it's very hard. She is very really long. Arms really watch old, asking Carlos Kind Would Michael Chiesa. This is a great fight right.

You know American Mendez,

Zander Volkanovski.

The tremendous okay, if I too Chad Mendes, is amazing in his comeback fight when you grow scroll back up to the Chris Cyber Command, I read Chris Corey Anderson's, whether Israel are breaking

his wife, seven months pregnant. Now they gotta get that way. You know this has to be exactly yeah. It's a disaster, but this honestly guys was one of those cards that I look

at okay, one of it

two fights. I know

Favorite on paper, you gotta go sideboard in Jon Jones, but guess what people

you. Never seen a boogie with a part time job.

 

So somebody's gotta lose on these fights keep scrolls. If you don't mind, the thing about Chris Sideboard is she's, not just good she's, good and ball cap from Donald Regular and this in

Our jail last fight on this card, she's Australian, a Megan me

you know we don't have no fuckin' english major. He got Bj Penn, Ryan, Fuckin' hall. I think that's. The first part of it is just the first of the night, crazy yeah.

I saw a good car stand on on cable on Instagram the other day she looked phenomenal. She looks fucking phenomenal brown so

it's a shame, that this had to be done.

I'm sorry, listen! I'm I'm happy that the fight to take place yeah. Sorry, I'm just happy that that they can plumb star that everybody gets to live disrupted in the families, have to go from Vegas to LA to see the fight, I'm sorry about all the hotel bullshit they have to deal with, but I'm

 

very happy that the fight is still taking place. I would love it if uber Rana Fuckin' special for people just to flat yeah,

just run a flat. Fuckin' people out of Vegas

Three hundred never going to happen, but you never know until broken. You never know. You never know

people. Need action come on. Let's go this. Is this make a flat rate?

three faktum people, Fokam Forum and three hundred back people would do it was driving in uber some guy farting in the car all the way from Vegas to delegate here. Why would you do that when you take a flight, because the flight was not that expensive goobers perspective, it is on a day's notice. Is it how much is southwest cost? It's two hundred and fifty five, but here's the thing three hundred three hundred people had a car with a guy farting for three hours, three, three hundred three or save two hundred something

probably more than to look at them in their perspective

you know they've already socketed taken away. Let's say I understand they day of work

 

but this is a lot well, so they can't gamble like a lot of people, love the combination of gambling and going to the fights going to charge for a lot of people stuck a lot of people going out. Just take my money from the ticket and stay

and gamble next today, day or whatever, because what's it going to cost me to

but that way get out part

who you going to come to our lady is getting a car.

If you trying to tell me that you want to go to yeah party, who

which is now

Jon Jones might be having a party Carlos conduit might be having an after party you're right

the whole, I think you're right holes on this card too busy

wasn't in the new Yeah Uriah halls on this card. I think

yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Bj, Penn, oh wow,

yeah. Ok, we didn't see it look at this part. You got

who's having Brian Kelly are harder, zadas, fighting fight,

 

It's no wonder that is a sleeper fight right there yeah we are is a piece man. I got your SAT Curtis Millinder at the guys, he's got

serious potential he's got.

Superstar future superstar potential he's very good. That's a that's good fight! I like that. A lot

Curtis, the one he fought, Thiago Alves and stopped him right

click on that make sure that's correct.

Does it show his record the it show his record.

How good is there a website now is pretty good yeah. That's it took awhile but see Btr, wildness yeah and the beat MAX Griffin He'S-

This man is very good, real, real massive.

Future potential and by her desire a people dead, he hits hard. That's a sleeper.

It's for no one's talking about very, very good fight. It's going to be

 

Card Man, I'm happy the cards happening. I hope everybody gets compensated. I'm sorry that the UFC loses money, I'm sorry that everybody gets dragged through. I don't understand why they couldn't just figure out

this in Nevada. It's like this, I guess

vacation or some that's so cray.

Do figure it out. Everybody, let's make a phone call,

just know: one person who could look some person should say: ok is it to the best of your knowledge, absolute.

From the original test- yes, sir, by all the science we're going to submit the science, I'm going to show you the science and tell you the number. Ok, let him fight

funky, letting him final. Don't fight.

You gonna, let him fight California, let him fucking Fight, Nevada, stupid, how funk the stupidity Rocka see. It's just dumb stupid that in this case, it's too this case. It's a function there on vacation. Yes, let's have a fucking emergency meeting. Let's save Vegas

The tourism board in Vegas must be steaming. Hey ask this as this Google is find out.

Is disputing if anybody

 

if anybody like makes any sense. If there's a scientist or something like that, it says that it could be

microdosing, or did it did the? What the scalp

athletic commissions,

standing of it is not correct. Let's find

There's anybody that has written anything about that. I'm

I'm upset. I just wanted this fight to take place without

bullship behind it. I just want it to be a great fight. It's a it's an amazing

match up.

Gustafson, especially against.

Over to share, never looked better. He's

his long as John he's got crazy, footwork work

the only the first guy to ever take John down. It was a fucking, tough fight

Regardless of whether or not John prepared much for it, I don't think he did prepare as

You could have August

This is better. I think than he was when that fight took place. I really do think he's better. It's uh, it's fucking.

It's an amazing fight in John's going to be so motivated to try, I mean to get stray.

The way he got stripped, all the different things that he fucked up to have a chance.

 

Redemption is going to be so motivated, but you also have

Consider the incredible

on a pressure, is going to be under two, his

your though he's a guy who shines under pressure mean stop Shogun in his first title fight when he was was twenty two or something like that. He's a monster

John, is always been good at fighting top level

competition good at handling. The stress.

This is you know this is a different kind,

stress is I fucked up stress it's not. This is a big fight. This is a big fight. Plus I fucked up and everybody knows I fucked up

And this is not even the current Fa Cup is reminding him of the past buck up and then there's the other stuff, the car accident and all the other crazy shit all of its bad bye,

he has an opportunity at redemption.

This. When you knows how much is on the line, because

defeated right, except for the Matt Hamill Fight, which we know he was destroying Hamill and he was disco.

It wasn't a real loss, like somebody beat him he's beating everybody, that's on

 

scented outside of number Nurmagomedov: nobody beats everybody John's beating everybody.

There's going to be a certain amount of people that are looking forward for him to fail, and he feels that too

so we're not going on man. It's a lot going on in this fight and gust of sin is fucking good.

The combination he knocked clover to share with.

That's like some video game man. It

like. He was in mortal Kombat was tremendous, his footwork everything

was really I got work Saturday night, I'm work, I'm an axe not all week how you really

Yeah. I forgot. I thought it was this last ready club. So

It was his last weekend, so I called the store,

Call then, and then I go fuck. No, I'm not missing that I called back and cancelled.

Like Wednesday go what the fuck am. I thinking so. I ended up back at the store Saturday night I squeezed on to Brian Show. I got to see Tiffany.

Have you seen her since she busted out

 

it was great just to see her

publisher.

And then last night I went down. There was two shows that as I'm leaving there like hey, you want to open up for Chappelle. I go ship out where there is he's doing his show in the belly room

There was a fucking lying around the corner.

This Sunday now I pulled that out like this is crazy. This is getting so fucking insane. I took two weeks off yet now

stage after the whole. I did two nights in lawyer and that was tremendous to job.

Why is amazing, you don't hello

Is there only going to win you wanna put. You wanna thread that out again they take their right with you. That's one of the few room

This takes the right way to do. Two shows a night down there. Yeah I do so far. It's just yeah yeah that place is amazing,

it's like a comedy store, South yeah

 

really is a little bit more loose yeah, even though it's Friday and Saturday will let you try some new shoes, they're fun people

very fine, that's a

area, like beauty and Diego, has a lot of the same qualities that Ella has. But it's more like a little bit more. The rest of the country, ahoy is

Gordmans went Teradon Jujitsu. I trained one day down at night. The place is right. Next to the fucking comedy store really yeah. I just looked it up.

Call the guy with an eleven? You know

The whole idea is.

That's where you move to when you gotta lotta guy this! That's a lot. Doesn't dick Cheney live down there? He lives on that Coronado Island. Doesn't he or Donald Rumsfeld? I don't know who fucking loser.

A rich dudes, but it is just gorgeous. You can see at night there's no lights on the streets, there's nothing there in

 

it was nine hundred and thirty go to bed go to fucking bed for them

All right. We don't want. You want to mingle, gotta fucking down the side whenever St Scotty Short lives down there, he showed up. Did he he,

pull he's very.

It was great this.

Devil dog with him? He had the

as I do a joke about how to get his dick suck with a dog. So at the end he goes and I inspired you see the bowling or no, I didn't see the dogs larious, he came

to see Lou still playing the piano. I mean the com.

Restore down. There did not lose anything except Mitzi Shore, plus

Scott Moore Show on the walls that you look at him really makes you think, there's pictures of green room with Jim Carrey in Board re.

Dice Clay and Louie Anderson at the time that they didn't even know they were going to be stars.

 

The shows we done down there can do a lot of shows download shows

when we first started working together down there, I think

The first time 90s, I think, yeah, it's like the late 90s. The first time I went down. I went down there with a girl comic. Who was it? I don't remember what her name was. It was a very uncomfortable weekend 'cause. She was clean

Oh, you have to stay in the condo with her yeah, that's crazy, imagining a girl being forced to stay in a condo with a guy that you don't even know she stayed the headliner room. I stayed in the feature room at that time. Still it's weird then

down there? She wouldn't book me down there once she started booking me. She booked me a lot

yeah, and I remember one going down at one time and I went down there with Marilyn Martinez in a husband and we weren't there an hour and Marilyn Martinez. Husband comes out with a fucking rat. Well we're at

 

in the trap trap that he said he wanted here? Mother fucker like as the rumor was there were rats down there be careful who,

so he went down and set traps up within an hour you hit by ohmygod, the fucking had to be

nine inches long, the tail and I'm

for going on the balcony and hearing them in the weeds. I packed up my

sleep, apnea machine and I fucking drove back home. I fucking hate rats. I fundit

store has so many rats that

taqueria? Oh my god, oh my god, the fucking popping out every time you sitting back there, there's a little for folks that are listened to us, there's a little back bar area where only comics in their friends can go and behind.

Black bars, a smoking area and that smoking area,

Has these railroad ties, these

ties he's rats a run in and out of, these ties and over the top all the time, all

the time? If I'm

there for more than

fifteen minutes, I'm seeing a rat and if you go near the

 

The hedges by the dumpster

That's where they really are. Where were we

back area? Is not that big? It's the hills, the hills,

filled with rats, the Hollywood hills are filled with rats and occasional.

Have cats that

or on the parking lot of comedy store like local feral cats, but they don't get the

the rats, the rats going to fucking the vines.

Those vines that cover the side of the comedy store ramp, the ramp that,

up to the Andaz hotel

Vines are all rats. That's a rat. Village

for easy how much sound they make when you park in a car each district, him scurrying. This would probably five hundred threats there.

Dude, I know whenever I park my car, when I dump site close the windows

 

because I know I don't want to jump into a car with a fucking. Listen to me. I just leave fucking and leave aspen. I like eighty thousand dollars. I got any people looking for me. The cops are looking for me. I go from aspen to boulder. I needed jobs.

Take a job making I'm not one hundred and sixty a week, sixty hours wow as a fucking shag which

the guy that takes the coffee in the body shop. When you pull up I'm doing face at night wash it and then they start the body work and then after they've done the body work, I'm the guy that washes in the

do that for three or four months and they turn you into a detail and I passed the test, maybe

Give me one hundred and sixty dollars a week because I was starving starving, but I was good and I became a detail about the detailing was commit.

 

Yeah and you made one hundred to a buck fifty a day. You know I was enjoying it, but the guy I had as a boss was a dick. His name is Dirt Jordan. He was just a deck, though he was one of those guys that was

but when they get their managers job, one that I'm back there watching the fucking car and I see a dead rat? I picked the fucking rat up. He had his jacket hanging by the door. I put the dead rat in his pocket,

that was jagged life you don't meet, though I go home, I get stoned. I don't know nothing! The next morning he comes in Bro and his cat cause fuckedup

like we have like a pole here is your father at he went in his pocket to get a cigarette and he pulled the fucking ride out. He fucking just went crazy and had like a ball

 

naked man running, I know who did this get to the bottom of this city can't blame it. Some other guys sitting out there,

That's one of the worst relationships. Ever a boss and employee one

relationships, some guy, gets

Tell you what to do he's the fucking

the head guy at the office: gotta. Listen this fuckhead!

That is one of the worst positions to be in working for a guy who's, a dick and then

power that someone would have you know if you're,

you moved on up became

office manager who can control people's

control where they get a raise, how much time they get off. You can

decisions

When I allowed him to do certain things,

Look terrible with the wars Boise you ever had. Let's come on be clean!

Volvo, all of them, what was the

 

this guy. You looked at and said you don't want. If

I ever see outside the I'ma fuck you up. I never said that, but

guys in construction they would get real Dickey. I did one time there was a guy when I was a teenager that was talking. A bunch of shit would hit me with a hammer. Yeah there was 'cause, he got, he got a gray.

Sing with me and it was it wasn't in a way where I deserved it. He was just bullying me

like sixteen seventeen, but I had already had a fuckload of fights by then. Like you know,

fights I was like dude, I want kick you in your fucking head, like you talk,

much crazy shit to me like this, like he was talking to

in not just away like a boss employee. He was talking me

in a way where I was going to have to quit, but I know

never never said I was going to do anything to him. I didn't

threaten them and say I'll, see you after this and I'll fuck you up. So don't talk to me like that, so I can fuck you up. That's basically what I said.

 

But it was that's the thing about constructions like there was a lot of like man. Demand type conflict like it wasn't unheard of to hear about street fights between guys are working together to get pissed and pushed each other and punched each other in the fall.

In snow. You know, do

is carrying roofing tiles one guy

box another guy over something they start fighting. This had happened all the time. There's a lot,

people that were doing labor to wear like real dirtbags like

this one guy that I did labor with work. I work my friend Leroy Rodriguez and his buddy. They had some,

business partner they would take apart old houses and redo woman. Leroy was one of the black belts at the Thai Kwando Institute. Who is a bad mother, Fucker

and Leroy got me. This gig and I worked with these guys labor and one of the guys who work with lived in this fuckedup abandoned building and what not

stripped out building I mean there's parts of the building. There's no floor was

Fuct up half the walls are missing: they're redoing the whole building, taking things out and fixing things this guy

 

have there and he had a mountain dew jug filled with malt liquor.

He would drink it warm all day and he needed the shake

everything he did to do have the shakes. He was just drunk all

today on a creek

the job site where, like you know, there's no floor. Sometimes

everything is all fuckd up. You have to balance when you're going from one room to the other, because they're tearing down

the wall in this guy. Somehow another fucking slid on through drinking the entire time. I remember thinking like these are people that have made

questionable decisions, it makes you want to go back to college makes you want to get a degree

when you around a lot of these guys like laborers and stuff like

You know some of them are just like me: it just young guys who

they need money and some of them are

I've been doing it their whole life and there are fifty and they're drunk and

yeah, and there is only for a terrible by itself. Jennifer wanted to serve on a deathly knew I didn't want to do it. I definitely do I didn't want to dubbed it will you know, give me a call,

carpenters, a different gig, you know

 

got a real good carpenter, that's a skilled craftsman and artist. You know you're putting together things that's different, but that the labor

Gig was not like. You didn't really have to know anything you just had to be.

Big enough to listen to them. You know big enough to like pick things up. Can you go get

go get me: a bag of cement go

alright, you guys are going to take nails out of these boards now and it was like that kind of shit. You just hung out with the weirdest people. Man

the worst guy. Remember Joe Rogan. I was clean from Coke. I was say about ninety days. I was really-

turn my life around

It's an ad for construction, carpenters, helper and he hired me when I first they had to work for free

Look for free here, so yeah, so I said: ok, I agreed to it I made,

first, they work for free, I cut the stuff and you have to go, get lunch and the whole thing yeah. Okay, I did it I passed and then the guy

 

say ok meet me at a diner at eight and when I go get paid, he'd say what's those hours and I know you told me to meet you at eighteen. As I know that should be a windshield time. So let's say

job we didn't get to the job by ten. That's when you start getting paid actually started getting paid, and I was you know I was at. I was really trying that I lived with a friend and I wanted to give them rent money. I was trying to put away some money. I forget what he paid me then, but he made me pay for my own lunch. Then one day he said, was your weight belt? Yeah, we don't work belt thing. I don't have one. He goes ok, I'll pay and you have to pay me the for the materials plus thirty percent. Last year, thirty percent yeah- you have fun

 

let's come back just to have like a claw, I thought can hammer and something else to do work for him. So we would have your own tools. It's odd stuff, like that yeah. That was all

the thing whether or union or nonunion.

You know there was a lot of the work that I did when I was a kid was Non union and a lot of

we didn't want union, they felt the union guys they

it it easier, but it was too expensive and people didn't want.

You know you certain people, so it was like a real debate like what's better

There's, no reason for every amount of union people you have to have a certain amount of nine units is how it works to balance it out right. So everybody makes

but it seems like in some things like auto workers in a fuck around right

like everybody has to be. You different is, but I have different breaks glory time

you know this lists. If a job

 

opens up. How do we get the added on a list? Mmhm Grogan has more minorities and d as he started nine months before D, as he gets the job yeah. You know

it's not about knowing all that ship with that dude I'll. Never forget that news name and what he did in the scumbag he was to me, but on fridays you would make me feel bad like he goes. How many hours did you work and I go thirty eight. He don't know I'm paying you for thirty and he bully,

Maybe this guy, but every Friday he go this Friday. I'm going away, I'm going here to fuck my wife in the ass and he was always a NASA

and then also I got my clothes drop, my check. I got this check. I was waiting for an one Saddam said now. My I'm sick of this motherfuck, I'm going to rob his.

And I jumped the fence like kick the back door on and he was a guy that bought hot shyt.

 

Yes, I understand that I was just a bus soccer schitt and he

must I had. I don't know how many fucking bottles and cases of DOM pairing young, slow, fuckin' ran up to the corner, called my buddy or meet me at this address, and I took every bottle of DOM pairing Young and he had lice Oldman liquor stores. I took his checkbook, I mean I buried. This

rocking guide. Just for how badly treated me with such a fucking scumbag well never bought lunch. He was always making crazy and he's always making little fucking him.

Works. Well, that's what we're talking about earlier. What happens when a guy gets into power? That's pizza! Shadow, my god so war is such a fuckton become addicted to him.

Yeah. I remember I had his t shirt for a long time. I used to worry to smile. Every time

age has some short like that, funk him

 

It's half with this Harvey Weinstein things about right! It's about the boss! Now that's what it's about to hit the boss abusing his power, the boss.

Suck in the girls, so they can get the job and that's the offer.

Which is probably been going on forever again

like I said especially here, listen, they destroyed Marilyn Monroe and that's the ones we know of

that's five in millions and millions of women that have come out here and have been put through

It was always what how these guys got power. I mean if you look at a guy like Harvey. How is it going to get lead? Let's be honest,

is going to get late because he's a good looking guy or is it going to get layed because he's ruthless and very success,

so it would have to be ruthless and very successful. I want to know what is not handsome I'm going home when is it slept with him and did within a lot? Well, I don't know that

but I mean there's a lot that did the story is,

There was a lot that did it. I mean he couldn't have made

offers all these women. That said, no not have

 

say yes

doesn't make it any less horrible for the women

who said known, were hounded by him and what

went down and he ruined some careers and but some of them

S. Yes, just some would make that deal with the devil

bins with a lot of different things. People make that deal. They make that deal. It's worth it. You know

I'm going to joked around about it in my act about

Arvina Weinstein, but that's that's what a lot of guys would do check if,

all, took you. Can you can get ahead? You don't have to the you. Just have how many guys

do that a lot of times. We do that, would girls do that

to some of them. Yeah most would not want that to be stuck in front of their face

most rather make their way through the most. The vast majority would rather get,

I on their merits, but there's always

throughout time. There's been people the walked away. The top that's not a myth. That's not

 

angels, so it's not like pixies and would else people have done it.

People have done everything that you can imagine. People of married people for money. People have killed people further. Insurance premiums are their insurance policies. Rather that's that happens when people die they check

spouse to see if the spouse had a fucken insurance policy define the recently put out a big fat insurance policy. Then they go sideways. You off that

this vanished in the woods huh. That's weird MIKE Mike Abbasey, going to talk what happened again MIKE. Let's just take me through

top. Tell me what happened you guys went hiking in Colorado

I was another. One is another.

I'm just happening Colorado megaphone ended up in Idaho seventy miles away. Please

Leave the supermarket with the child. He's supposedly picked her up,

I want to know how you got the phone app that member every car as GPS. Now

 

this. It's an old car truck.

Or you know this, there's cars they have. They don't have GPS this car,

you getting stripped option in them, but you get a really cheap car truck

dump truck no radio. That's that's the one that baffles me

function get to Idaho how about the fucking guy killed his whole family? How about that guy got killed

Wife killed his kids. You have a deck

Jesus Christ. He looked so normally see a picture of him as one of the mistress came out yeah.

But you look at him the picture him with his family go back. I looked so funky farmhouse capable of killing his own kid how's. He came

killing his wife peep, there's theirs,

people out there that just their fucking broken their broken

and if you're, a woman, you have to think about that, that's the difference between women and men. That's the biggest difference. The biggest

difference. Is women?

to constantly be in fear of a violent man was

men rarely are in fear of a violent woman, doesn't mean it doesn't happen, happen

 

friend, Phil Hartman, his wife.

Shadow Moses Lake. That did happen, but the vat

majority. If you looking at, like the numbers of people, are afraid of the opposite

exits women that are afraid of men. It's a different environment, so different, it's a different dynamic.

It's not like anything that we could ever really truly appreciate, especially if you know how to handle yourself. In that case, that happened in Cali right away. He killed his or any past the breath.

I don't think so. I don't think it's too good to snap

it doesn't make any sense that this guy here, like I

said. The only thing that flows you off is her car, followed in Idaho. We

when she had to take her right. There drive to

Idaho, which has to be one thousand one hundred and twelve hours and Rybak

Seven hundred and seventy miles away and drive back

without nobody noticing it's totally possible gas station attendants recognized

with a child in the back, you know

 

they have to do. A search of every gas station

Now, I'm going to see if he pulled up in the invite him I had, but I don't know

I think they've even gone that deep so far, but they gotta figure.

Around her cellphone ended up in the fucking mailbox.

I just don't understand where people get the fuckin'. It is so tough the ice somebody down thinking going to get away with it between cell phones, drones, cameras, pictures think about it,

You think about how they find everything that it's way more difficult. That's for sure, but I think if you're in a rural area, rural areas, you can still get away with a long non, no nothing so for that. I checked that was job and from the university whatever. Well, that's right. You have a title right at home, hi all right! Well, I'll! I will they call it a with something new

 

court will draw no exact number. It's very tough to I got to pee. So bad will end got a little brother. Ever I'm gonna piss talk to

I mean I'll, come back, I'm not done yet take this area. Should I tell this to how

The season

around right now, picking you see going on with Joe Rogan as it happens, when you turn fifty mother so prepare you,

what are you try to be healthy, but you

Prial Fuckin' date is what I live with every fucking night. I go to bed, I'm nice and sleepy, and I

When I got to fuck you get up and pee and you got it

nice and slow to really tour due to really

You could think about that ham and cheese sandwich in the fucking refrigerator. Should you stay up and eat that fucking thing? Thank god

It's merry Christmas time. This is the best funk in time does listen. I ain't doing deck till Thursday,

stand. How about you Jamie? Nothing, nothing! I ain't doing

 

I thought those data that I'm one of the crisis with my wife and kid.

We're going to sing mingle jingle bells and all that should all the kids get together

I would be home by nine tomorrow, a doing dictate how doing open MIKE at

gym tomorrow for Jitsu. I might have to go down there, twelve just to get

MIKE size to get users using excuse to eat, I'm thinking about dry

The comedy store on Christmas night,

be boring, but it might be the adventure

then Wednesday. I got a date for Thursday Friday Saturday, I'm up there in parks,

the length, the lives that will be fun list. The sentence

Weekend before new years, the reflect Felicia

more people going to be waiting for new years. 'cause, that's uh!

but do they don't even want? I'm just

open new year's eve and jump up and down. I fucking hate me

Vivian, this damn have always had new year's eve since

 

Eighteen thousand eight new years Eve you asked me: why do you a fucking new year's eve? Does weird things happen?

I was eighteen and seventeen. I saw it

Rx7 hit a fucking tree on New year's eve in the car got split in half and they had the kid was dead. The girl got taken out by,

Jaws of death. Then the following year I went to a party, and I saw my

Danny, be bite off Rogers here and we had to drive

function hospital with a piece of hearing.

Walking baggy when ice, cubes, so

that's why you never saw me drink on New year's Eve

at the time of the night. Do you

three hundred and sixty four days a year for me to snort Coke

the pills and drink click

the new year's eve.

I'm my falcon business. Why? Because it's just a creepy night in fact

I'm excited that Joe Rogan

that during new years this year will

 

so black a wreck. I saw that. Is that what happened? I fell asleep. Yeah I saw that walked away. I heard

Probably he was asleep

in a dream didn't stiffen up. That was

The country right like Bolivia.

Need more than ever peed my life right now. Actually I got my blood,

and recently got everything checked up. Everything is groovy, but I was dehydrated, so I've been making

I want to drink more water.

I wonder if I keep myself d hard, but that doesn't make any sense to drink during the show, but I want to do that

subconsciously to limit my needing to pee during three hour conversations. No, don't think so. You know what may

I drink water all fucking day. Maybe

workout a dentist, a doctor's office here for a physical, he always says drink more water in the well. He should always drink more water. It doesn't

and you know what I sleep with water next to me, which is big. Do you get up?

how much simple water yeah I'll get up pee and drink a fucking gallon of water.

 

And because of the sleep, apnea machines and it put fluid in the well right. I did

a bottle of water with me next door night. The bed was there at night and it's really in

If you read up there's a reason,

the reason why you know, because when you

over fifty you pee more, but there's a re. You have to look it up when your body

next time in hotel room,

The reason why you should sleep diet hydrated, when you're over fifty big reasons, why

well whatever again. Whenever I go to yoga class, I always feel

like I have to make a call

his effort to take that fluid back in because

you sweat! So much one is hot yoga classes

if you don't make a real like jump just drink if you're thirsty you gotta make kind of

conscious effort to get those fluids back in your body, and you probably should take some electrolytes too I'm sort of,

electrolytes up, I just blasted Fuckin' banana man, that's good too. I blast two bananas. You say full for an hour.

 

So two after you eat, I drink water and I also drink a fucking, the after workout drink, sometimes,

But it is a good right before you work. No, no calories! No sugar

gatorade no fuckin' and monster energy drink. I don't touch! None of that. Should I hate all that shit tier all that she's going to kill Fuckin' people twenty years now

monster, energy and all those energy drinks, and she like that they don't kill people dog. My favorite thing is just coffee.

Before any kind of workout.

North Brookfield, that before I go to the store you know before I go to the comedy store I drink a for sure

express for shots,

I usually drink. One of these

shameless plug for Caveman Nitro even buy a wife ago. How big is that day and I put that cancer sugar in there

 

and I fucking get sugar free sugar, yeah

Akron that call no music kisses. Sure. Just me four cups of express. So do you know what's going through my mind? If I have the ball, sometimes I take a toke off the pipe just to cook.

Expresso upper level that Papa nicotine gum

You know why I'm juiced up by the time I get to the comedy store, because that's where I put myself through the naked guy,

nicotine gum is supposed to be legit like from

 

stand. Nicotine itself is a really good neutral. Pick they've they've analyzed the cognitive benefits of net nicotine on its own, but it's addictive. So it's it's! I don't like about. Income is very healthy for you, but if there was a way, I guess you'd use right if there was a way to blast. Nicotine like may be true it like a tobacco like a clean tobacco. Just to give you a little push off the cliff yeah, I think it's not bad for you, I'm number one one of the things that really shocked me the cops looking for me, so I jumped on the bus and San Francisco in nineteen. Eighty five, I didn't know the bus is going is going to a place called me that I had never read when those days you could smoke on a bus, a Medicaid from whatever Egypt and he smoked with me at that time. I was never touch

 

tobacco product, never even consider it. I thought I'm cuban, I thought cigars are worst thing in the world for you and I remember we smoked a joint with hash, weed and tobacco in it. What year was this one thousand nine hundred and eighty five am? We smoked, enjoy another bus. I thought my lungs were gonna fucking cave in

the tobacco in the hatch e his hash, the palm wood ashes, no matter what you smoke hash. It doubles in your lungs. What do you mean it? The smoke doubles in your lungs how's, it dude

who do I look like Johnny Fucking scientists see if I don't know next time, one of these smart guys comes on the shelf, pasta.

Well, I usually smoke ash. I think a pen in all of propensity.

 

Oh yeah! You light on put under glass glass in smoky clean, because the double that

that's trained hash, never something else with double up

your fault in lungs? That's why you call so hot.

I remember when expands expense. It's right. I remember when I was a super square and never did any drugs, never smoked pot. Never do anything, and I went to a in a in agents room. I think we're in Montreal was me and my manager in this age,

it was a friend of ours and he

piece of hash that heal it. Unlike a thumb, tack

glass, he blows on it blows on it and they

the lid on washing them, and then he smokes the hash out of it, and I was like I can't believe I'm saying this guy do drugs like this is

as seen in Hollywood? He's not here, he's doing drugs

he smoking drugs like his hash, or you know what I thought of hash.

The Fucking movie midnight Express'. That's what I thought. Oh my god, you gotta go to jail for life, going to jerk

a glass like you have to fight

 

someone to kill him

Expresses about smuggling hash from Turkey. That's in my mind, Hash was a serious fucking drug like this guy was,

so in heroin, like you, do in hash, you might as well be doing heroin, as I can't please just doing this in front of me

smoking hash in full of people with a glass scares, the fuck out of its uh. For someone who doesn't do anything like that's a big, that's like hit the hit of a joint you take a hit of adjoining ok guy likes to smoke pot. I've seen that before you.

Light a piece of hash and put it on a thumb tack and put it on

the glass and get down there

suck it out of the glass you create drug addict. You speech sniffing exhaust fume,

fuck. Are you doing man? If he's only thing about me, you know I've seen some weird people do some drugs schitt

when I was in New York to him when I got up early and there's a movie called Sugar Hill YO, my Sugar Hill Sugar Hill. I don't

the Sugar Hill Gang related Sugar Hill is a movie that is possibly.

 

Wesley Snipes best movie.

Sure that was when they were drug dealers. Drug deal, yes, I remember Daddy Alexander opens up the movie, oh yeah, because she plays the mother and she makes them hold the belt.

He goes, why you gotta make me hold about mom because you're the oldest hold about

tractor shoot. This got damn heroin. Mom is sick, although this is his best movie by fucking fault, that was a good movie showing

grab this up, it's two hundred o'clock, but would have

Do open a new year?

within lay a Betts, nothing, nothing about Fucking John Jones costs

 

and if we had a better, you don't give me a break down here. If I was that Jon Jones versus Gus person yeah, I'm stuck on both fights. That's all I want to tell people that said. I wouldn't bet me. I can't bet easier. You know they're, both very good matchups, very Christmas, Cris Cyborg. You have to give her an advantage, 'cause she's, so much bigger an because she just doesn't seem to lose she's just smashing. People she's got really really

technique. An she's super powerful and she's really big, and

she's got a lot of success

and then Amanda Dean, as is without a doubt, the hardest hit bantamweight she's, a fucking, smasher man. She is

hey Lori and she gently long shoulders. Are she keeps you on the in the punches chills?

You know

to find out whether or not she could hurt her and we find.

If she can hurt her. This can get crazy with the

Does Amanda Nunes King correct? If she hurts,

cyborg can get crazy, but if she can't

She hits harder than Holly. I think my humble opinion

 

Cali is a a great kicker and holly is you know, she's really good. At moving and she's very durable and Holly managed to go the full distance side work. You know it was a hard fight. It was a hard fight. She lost a fight, the state, the

difference between Holly and Amanda Newness. I think it's like one shot. Power is better for Nunez.

But you know Holly when she fought germane to me. She when she fought germane. She knocked her down. She knocked down a straight left. She heard

she heard a couple times she had kicked her. She hit

the question mark kick in and had kicked her and Germaine De Randamie is really good. Heavy heavy duty more tie fighter, but she didn't want to fight sideboard. Holly did, however, just the biggest

the best. In terms of like we look at our success ratio. You look at what the way should be.

Girls down, she's, so powerful man

Amanda is the toughest fight for her lover. This is yeah. This is. This is a fight if you go

 

back to cyborgs fight with Gina Carano at Gina Carano. One point I was on top of her on the ground she did

sustain it and she lost the fight and cyborg eventually smashed her. But

Gina had her moments in that fight. You know- and I don't

think Gina was ever the one shot cracker that Amanda.

However cyborgs way better than she was back. Then.

You know so, as Amanda Amanda coming off of the Pennington fight, you watch that fight she

dominated Raquel Pennington? I think we're hotels, one of the toughest girls in the division, she's she's a hard woman, and she

good beats a lot of really good fighters and she gave Holly home all she could handle an

a split decision

last Holly Home in Holly's, debut in the UFC and mean she's, fucking, good and

nuez handled her. It was very, very

press. It was scary, like dismantling she's beating her up. I was like wow she's on another level. Now as a champion, she's gotten even better. She was always really good. She was always really dangerous, but as it

 

camping. She got even better when she beat Rhonda Rowsey and forty eight seconds. That was the big coming out party like he. We are baby she's. She

best bantamweight ever you know in terms

by Ker ability to not girls out like she's the scariest of all time.

She's, the only one I mean cyborg can't make one hundred and thirty five

nuez can she's a

one hundred and thirty five champion and she's gonna

now to should go five rounds. She can, she can beat the out of you for five rounds now, it's different for me. That's just being fired. Listen very interesting! This my Christmas

the JRE family. You know I love you, mother fuckers. I mean Christmas to you, my friend,

see. My brother, like this week,

I don't think so not this week, but we'll see each other soon for sure and after new year. Alright, thank take everybody, much love.

Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas happy New Year New Year, happy Hanukkah, happy Kwanzaa, Mary everybody.

 

Thanks everyone for tune into the podcast and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you

butcher box starting December. Twenty six new subscribers will receive two pounds of

wild caught alaskan salmon plus twenty dollars off their first box by by going to

picturebox dot com and use

the code Rogan at Checkout- it's a great company and they have really fantastic me that if you're a person that likes to eat healthy, high quality,

meet like this. It's this is

the best options to get it any again, Hunter hundred percent grass

Getting grass finished free range, organic chicken and heritage breed pork, pork, it's all very delicious and get two free pounds of

caught alaskan salmon in twenty bucks off very simple just go

to butcherbox dot com and enter the code Rogan. Thank you all.

Go to the cash app, not just a great app for

you in terms of how easy it is to use, and I could

 

make money with it, but also because they give back when you enter the referral code, Joe Rogan after you die

The cash app for free in the Google play market or in the app store,

It doesn't go to you five dollars

but just in fight for the forgotten charity to help build wells for the pygmies, and now,

at least until the end of the year, when you download the cash app and enter Joe Rogan, the cash app will also be sending five dollars to help pay for Re Board son's medical bills.

Again they didn't have to do any of these things are doing these things 'cause, just that's where they are

that I love it. Thank you. Everyone for two minutes and podcast appreciate the fuck out of you and see you soon, bye,