Latest gentlemen, how are you I'm on the road again just got back from,

Austin, Houston and Durham NC thanks, everybody came out to the shows. We had a great time next up Bakersfield on February fifteen

Fresno on the 16th of February and then the 17th in Santa Barbara.

And I got a bunch of other stuff coming up March in New Orleans on the 15th Miami on the 16th and then Orlando on the 17th

A lot of these shows second shows have been added and then,

which 30th

the Ryman in Nashville Holla at your boy, first show sold out, second show almost sold out and then Charlotte,

is added Charlotte First show sold out at a second show, that's on the 31st of

March April, the sixth kings

theater in Brooklyn, oh shit, right before the UFC in Brooklyn, oh shit,

 

Irvine Improv on the thirteenth and the fourteenth of April, and I can tell you about all these things: they're, not really for sale. Yet the other ones

all right, Joerogan dot net, slash store for all that good stuff. This episode of the podcast is brought to you by Butcher Box Butcher Box delivers one hundred percent grass FED and finished beef.

Free range, organic chicken in heritage breed pork,

the directly to your door, all their

or humanely raised the way Mama Nature intended an free from antibiotics and hormones. Grass FED beef is the healthiest, be fan. If you google it, there are multi

more articles and studies online, where you could find out the health benefits of grass FED beef. But there's

absolutely no doubt about it: beef without antibiotics

without hormones and

is eating what it's supposed to be eating, which is grass when you're getting corn finished and corn FED beef.

 

It's a different fattier, sloppier sloppy beef just looks different too.

A lighter color

was d grass undulates they're supposed to eat grass an that's! What butcher box has

you could think of them as your neighborhood butcher

from Modern America, and if you

in place like if you live somewhere that doesn't have access to a good butcher or a good grocery store that carries

eat that you can trust like like this grass fed

normal more nor, nor can say no hormones,

no antibiotics.

The stakes they sent me were absolutely delicious.

Freeship

Bing anywhere in the forty eight states. Sorry how

in Alaska but you're, barely America you're,

DOM D'Agostino who's been on the podcast. Before ketogenic

enthusiast and scientist, he actually gets his meat from butcher box.

 

You can order? Now and get ten dollars off, plus free bacon,

By using the code Rogan at butcherbox dot com, you can, can

so anytime, without penalty, so

Give it a try. Your box comes with at least eight to eleven pounds of meat, which is enough for twenty four individually sized meals

You can choose from five different box types: all beef, beef and chicken, beef and pork, the mix box and the custom

fox. Would let you choose your own cuts and bite.

Looking out the middleman, which is the grocery stores in purchasing directly from a collective of ranches butcher boxes,

to buy meat at a lower cost and pass those savings along to you. The price is just one hundred

nine dollars a month which works out to less than six dollars a meal and shipping.

Is free nationwide again, besides Alaska and Hawaii, so ordered

now and get ten dollars off, plus free bacon by using the order Code Rogan at Butcherbox. Dot com check

 

get out. Okay,

Dubai Square Cash square cash, ladies and gentlemen, is the simplest way to pay people back whether it's friends fam

these coworkers. Maybe you owe you

Jamie some chatter: you pay anybody

with this and sending and receiving money is totally free and fast and most payments can be deposited directly to your bank account in just a few seconds. Here's how it works,

the square cash app. You link your debit or credit card, select an amount to send an type in a friends, phone number or email address to complete a payment. They'll get to know

application, they've just received money, and that's it. No gimmicks just cold hard, digital cash, download the free

square, cash app for Ios or Android. Now and now

you download cash app. You enter the

Ford Code, Joe RD

in all one word and you'll receive five dollars, and the cash

 

app will send five dollars to our friend Justin Wren's, fight for the forgotten charity,

Justin, Wren's charities and amazing charity. He person

overseas it and they built wells for the pygmies in the Congo. We've done several pod.

Ask about it. There is a documentary about him that they're doing right now

he's an amazing guy and it's an amazing charity. So again you download

free cash app for Ios or Android. You enter the code where Joe Rogan and you will receive five dollars in additional five dollars will go to fight for the forgotten, a true win win. You get five dollars.

Five dollars goes to an amazing cause, download the

my guest today

careful Jordan, Peterson Jordan has been on the podcast multiple times he's one of my favorite human beings to talk to, and just I'm just happy that he

this is a brilliant man and he has an amazing book. That's out right now, it's called twelve rule,

for life, an antidote to K.

It is

 

one of the most important messages that this this brilliant man has. So please welcome Jordan, Peterson,

don't open broadcaster, jailbroken experience join my day, Joe Rogan Podcast, my name all day boom and we're live twelve rules for life. So

without reading this

so what you're saying is there's only twelve things. You need to go in life right. That's it! This interview that you just did

with this woman. Cathy Newman shit was that in the UK it was Channel four UK uhm, I just went. I felt

bad, but I was also laughing. I went to her twitter page to read like

each one of her tweets, no matter what she says,

right underneath it. So what you're saying is, and then some, but by the way

your fans were mocking her, but politely now

aggressively

 

The I didn't read any rude. Things like there was no with that was there was no insults or there what what maybe

a few insults, but there's no swears. It was just playful.

Marking of the interview that she did with you, because,

This was a ridiculous interview. I listened to it or watched it several times like this is so strange, like her

determination to turn it into a conflict to

issues that I have with television chips because they have

a very limited amount of time and they're trying to make things as salacious as possible. They want have these sound bites. These clickbait sound bites and she just went in

but incredibly confrontational not trying to find your actual perspective, but trying to force you to defy

and a non non realistic perspective. Yes! Well, I was that I was the head to fit.

Girl villain of her imagination. Essentially, well, what happened was intere

sing to the way it played itself out because,

 

the matter in the green room before hand. You know she was being made up and then they put a little bit of powder on me and we had a friendly kind of interchange and then we went in

not in front of the cameras and for a couple of minutes. You know before before the show got rolling and we had a pretty pleasant back

fourth and then, as soon as the cameras went on, she was a completely different person and I thought, oh, I see

see, what's going on yeah yeah well, so that kind of alerted me to the fact that there was something

in the state of Denmark, let's say yeah, but you know. This is also why Youtube is going to kill tv because

vision by its nature, all of

is narrow, broadcast technologies

they re. They rely on forcing the story right because it has to happen now what has to happen and like often in five minutes, because they only broadcast five minutes of that interview. They did put the whole thing up on you too, to their credit. It

 

but it hasn't ceased to amaze me. Yet I think that they thought that the interview went fine, that's the scuttlebutt. I've got

from sort of behind the scenes, because I you know, I know some people who know what's going on at Channel four and their shells.

Shocked by the response you know and and then of course there is,

The counter response, the guardian, the next day published a paper published

an article saying that you know the head of

Channel four, had to call in police security because of threats. You know well, first of all, you can call

police in about anything and they never did detail out exactly what the threats were. You know, but then about twenty newspapers pick that up and went for

the Well Cathy Newman is now being harassed by an army of online trolls for doing nothing but doing her job, which well I and then there was

backlash against out in the press. So it's been a well

 

Well, someone took an audit of the actual interchanges between

fans and her and there was way more negative ones coming your way. Yes, that were

seriously negative? Yeah, that's right seriously negative violent harassing, just rude their way. More and now,

and picked up on that at all. It was all

The narrative was she's a victim, even though she was highly aggressive on in this, but.

I know, she's a funny victim. It's not like she's, not successful.

It was at that point. You think you should have to hand in your victim card. I think like when you go to an Ivy League University. It's like right then, and,

there. You have it yeah, because you don't get to be oppressor and oppressed at the same time, that's just too much well, one of the thing

as you pointed out, was when you were talking about competition for very lucrative jobs, and you were saying look what you've done like you must have had to work here and she pray

 

Lee was saying how how hard she had to work yeah to get there Michael. Yes, of course, no one's going to hand this to you know. This is why- and this is why you were saying you are opposed to equality of outcome because come with I

and imagine anything we could possibly strive for

in our society. That would make it into hell faster than equality of outcome,

the historical evidence for the pathology of that route is so strong. It's like you have to be

Berkeley, ignorant beyond belief or malevolent or resentful beyond comprehension. In order to think that that's a good idea, I argue for that.

Be with you, but I think that, even if you came into this with no knowledge of history but a complete understanding of human beings, you would say

Well, that doesn't make any sense in one of the best quotes that I've ever read about it is that if you have real true freedom, you're never going to

equality of outcome because they with real true freedom,

the freedom to not give each well. If you

 

look at a guy like Jeff Basals, for instance, at Amazon Guy is worth more money than anybody ever that guy works all day.

Yeah, I mean he's. A maniac is acquiring all these different companies and everything

He's doing is designed to succeed. I mean he's just for those radical. Just said yes in in a recent interview- and I know some guys that are you know, they're in approximately the same

universe is those two and they just work all the time. That's

all the time and they don't just work they work so efficiently and so effectively and make use.

Every second in ways you can't even imagine unless you're in that sort of position so- and

Doing. That doesn't mean that you will succeed, but not doing it certainly means that you will fail, you will use, will not doing. It certainly means you will never achieve that level of success. And that's what we're talking about we're talking about equality of outcome. I don't want that

I don't want to be that guy- I don't want to work like that. I don't want to do what he's doing and I should have the freedom to not do that.

 

He should have the freedom to do that. If we're going to play this game, called capital is

in which we're all green is probably at least in as far as the models that we have right now is the best one that we have. If we're all going to play this game. If someone decides to be the Michael Jordan of Capitalism, you can't stop them. You can't say no, no, no you're playing this game too. Well, you're playing this game too hard. You're, too obsessed with this game.

You're going to have that you can stop them. You can try to stop people from winning. Crookedly

yeah, which is what you should do, and you know there's a couple of things that are really worth delving into with regards to that too, because

this sort of marxist notion that all this inequality is generated as a consequence of capitalism, and now it's actually technically false 'cause. If you look at there's a,

There seems to be something like a law of nature that described by this statistical model called Prieto distribution and

it basically suggests that in any creative domain, there's going to

a small number of people will do almost all of the output, but it doesn't just apply

 

to human beings it employed,

applies to the heights of trees in the Amazon Rainforest it

as to the size of cities- and it applies to the mouse of starts, which is

something like the more you

have the more you get it's something like

imagine how that would work with the star as it gets. Bigger and bigger, and its gravitational mass increases it's going to attract more and more matter and then, as a city grows. Well, more and more people are excited to move there because of all the opportunities, and so some cities start to grow

industry and others, and others don't. But this this this our

nomina where a small number of people end up controlling a tremendous proportion of the resource is not only limited to money and it doesn't only occur in capitalist societies. It occurs.

Where it's like a natural law. So you see the same thing with number of points scored by a you know. A spectacular sports figure

there's always a tiny proportion of people who are way way ahead way ahead of the curve or people who make records or people who sell paintings or people who compose music or

 

people who sell music online, it's all the same. It's the one percent gets eighty percent, and so well. First, we can't blame it on capitalism,

And second, we should note that it actually does constitute a problem, which is what the left wingers are always jumping up and down about right like too much inequality starts to destabilize your society, and it isn't

He is how to shovel money from the top end,

the one tenth of one percent, who have almost all the money down to the people, who have almost nothing in a way that's effective, so that they don't

thrown out of the game completely and so that the whole society doesn't destabilize, we don't exactly know how to do that. It is a problem because inequality does exist.

And it does tend to magnify across time and then there's. Another problem to which we haven't figured out is imagine that.

In order to make everyone rich,

a certain amount of inequality. It seems obvious.

We don't know how many units of inequality you need to tolerate per unit of wealth generated, but the answer is dead,

 

only not zero. It's definitely not zero, so

yeah. So it goes back to this equality of outcome idea this

this thing has perplexed me since I've met you and since you were involved in this original debate over gender pronouns

an article that was written recently, I I forget the exact title of it is, I think, was something along the lines of. Why can't people hear what Jordan P o yeah saying? Yeah you are

or misrepresented more than anyone. I know in a weird way you are

are villainized in a weird way where

I can't believe that these people are honestly

your opinions, and

and coming up with these conclusions, I can't help but feel like what is happening. Is people are

or consciously deciding to

ignore reality and paint you

as this archetypal figure of oppressive white, male

 

patriarchy ignorance fill in the blank with all the rest of the descriptives you'd like to use. But

We've decided to paint you in this way like, as

because they need a target to sort of re in

course, this idea that trends,

under people are being victimized and women are being victimized only well even deeper that the right narrative is the way that we should

view the world is victim versus oppressor, because that's the base,

Postmodernism marxist template, it's the right way to view the world is that it's a pop. It's a power ground, atop, what it's a it's: a battleground of power interests competing constantly,

the ones that winner, oh pressers, the ones that lose Aeropress. That's the way you look at the world and I think that that's wrong. That's a bad way of looking at the world.

Psychologically sociologically, politically, economically idiot. Logically, you name it it end,

 

nothing but catastrophe EI mean first of all, because it puts your group I did

today is something that's paramount, and I mean that's just not well that that is

what we do in the west. Let's say we put your individual identity, paramount and then well, that's just that's just for starter,

it's fundamentally and then I guess the other reason that people are on my

based to some degree is because I have made it

phone case, which I think is fully documented by the scientific literature that there are intrinsic differences, say between men and women and I think the

but in that this is the thing that staggered me is that

No serious scientists have debated that for like four decades,

the time I went to graduate school. Everyone knew that human beings were

the blank slate, that biological forces not param

your eyes, the way that we thought and felt and acted in and v

 

valued. Everyone knew that the fact that this is become somehow debatable again is just especially be

it's being done by legislative fiat there forcing it.

To me, as a scientist is just it's just well in in the states too, with tight with title IX, for example, because title IX is sort of predicated on the

viewpoint. What is title now

hold title IX was originally just a piece of legislation that mandated that females

sports teams were funded to the same degree that male sports teams were funded in them,

fucking universities, but it's been expanded out so that, if there's any differences in any areas whatsoever between the genders, then the universities

being taken to court and like to

let me know, but last I look

about two hundred of them or up

now their funding revoked if they violate title IX provisions. So it's become like a vicious

rap for social Justice, warrior equality of outcome types,

and so it's not just about sports know which got wait

that way beyond that yeah, it's it's it's become an equal.

 

We have outcome issue fundamentally,

is an article that I sent you one of 'em was from. I think I got outta got it off of Dick

calm, but it was a Jordan. Peterson is having his moment and we should ignore him. I sent this to you and there was one of the last part of that might be true.

One of the things in the article was side

in this study that showed very little difference between men and women, Daddy Oncotic, so pathetic, study yeah

send it to you 'cause. I was like this is not right. Well, the thing is:

like most things, it's complicated, yes, you know so

are men and women more similar or more different? Well, it depends on

need to find the terms first,

they are more similar. Well, why

there's the same species, so we could start with that like, but the question

 

what are the differences and how do they manifest themselves in? Are those manifestations important so here's an example,

a random woman out of the population and a random matt- and you had to bet on who was

more temperamentally aggressive,

you bet on them and you'd be right. Sixty percent of the time but you'd be wrong. Forty percent of that

I mean that that's not a walloping difference right, six thousand and forty, it's not nine thousand and ten like so there's quite there

a lot of overlap between men and women in terms of their levels of aggression, and you think well

more the same yeah except.

So then, let's say no, no, let's play a slightly different game, let's pick the one in

one hundred most aggressive person from the random population and

why all the people in prison are men. So, even though, on men

which man instrument yeah, it's ninety, nine thousand and ninety to ninety five percent right so and off

 

and if the women are in prison, it's 'cause. They got tangled up with a really bad guy. You know so so

one of the problems is that

team are where the difference is really start to manifest themselves, and so you can,

a small difference at the level of the average of the average the

it starts to make a massive difference. So, let's say to be

Google Engineer, which is hard right.

Because you not only have to be an engineer, but you have to be very good engineer say: well, you have to be interested in things rather than people that that's a huge difference,

Interests like men are more interested in things generally

Speaking and women are more interested in people generally speaking now, there's still a lot of overlap between them, but that's one of the biggest differences between men and

it's been demonstrated cross culturally, it's also very big difference in the scandinavian countries. Well,

difference isn't that great, even though it's a relatively large difference, but at the extremes it's the same thing, almost all the p,

 

there are hyper. What would you call hyper focused on things there? Almost all

and all the people who are hyper focused on people or almost all women, and so how does that play out in the world? Well in the scandinavian countries? It plays out this way, but eighty five

sent of nurses in Scandinavia are female and about eighty five to ninety

sent of engineers are male.

It doesn't mean women can't be engineers, it doesn't mean men can't be nurses, it also doesn't have

anything to do with intelligence.

Differences and interest are big. Now at the extremes in particular, so

When you read a review like that, the one that was pointed out, the first question is well. What do you mean by big and little? There's more overlap,

there's more overlap between men and women. Then there is difference on virtually every parameter. Ok, fine!

are the remaining differences significant in how they play out in the world, and the answer to that is overwhelmingly significant, because you select for extremes

 

so here's another example:

now the Jews have an average iq of one hundred and fifteen, so in the typical pop

patient overall has an average iq. One hundred and fifteen points is about the difference between the Typic

College student and the typical high school student. Ok, so it's not a massive difference, but if you go to the extreme say

well, let's go look at people who only have an iq of one hundred and forty five with

it's kind of where you hit the beginnings of genius level. It's like the Jews,

they are overwhelmingly overrepresented,

but if the small differences in the average can produce walloping differences at the extremes

people don't understand- that's not surprising 'cause. It actually requires a fairly sophisticated grasp of statistics. But when we're talking about things like

differential outcome in the workplace, then you have to take a sophisticated,

approach to it- or you don't know what the hell you're talking about, and unfortunately many of the people who are talking about things like gender differences, they have no idea what they talk

 

but they don't know the literature they don't know. There is a literature they don't under

and biology like the the social constructionist types, the women stuff,

these types, the Neil Marxist. They don't give a damn about biology. It's like they inhabit some disembodied universe.

Was poorly written at best and did not showed it very poor grasp of the relationship between group, differences and economic, and

people outcomes, it's not just that it's deceptive an there

there's a need in some way on

That side this side of the

made, the Anti Jordan Peterson side to

label men and women as being

virtually identical when there

so much evidence that that's not the case and we

but you're saying well. You've never said one

superior one is inferior. What you are is a guy who is pointing out the reality of the difference between the various types of

 

human beings and you've been very open about the extremes about

I'm I'm well aware of the extremes. I deal with MMA fighters. I know a lot of female mma fighters there as aggressive,

even as tough as any man you're ever going to meet in your life,

and I know a lot of men from comedy that are meek little guys, who they are.

Not nearly as aggressive as some of these female fighters. There's, I think one

The beautiful things about freedom is that people get an opera

you need to express themselves in a wave

is genuinely them and whether that is like our friend Alex Honnold who's, a free climber who is like climbing up these fat.

Fantastic mountains with no ropes or whether it's a

the female MMA fighter, like Raquel Pennington who's. Just a tank and b

the shit out of people and that's what she loves to do all of the

these extremes are available to people because of freedom. This is now

 

What is suppressive thing? Stopping people from choosing these paths? I don't know if you saw the

most recent slip up by the

CEO of Youtube. I retweet

did it today. They were talking about

why there's not as many women in tech and she, basically they

both her in the ceo of Google Settings,

Jackie with James Damore, was saying in his memo. They completely fucked up. They tried to

define this look at this. This is,

God, damn hilarious and James Damore had this on his page

and the women a lack of Texas, could, you know, go to Joe would go to James to Moore's tweet just go to the.

The what I retweeted and what he said so

there was a study published a while ago about know. Jamie scroll back right was right. There right there, just just make his tweet larger there you go see.

That he sang. Then I read this right,

 

I don't know how to say her name is Susan. What sorry? I don't know how to say your name wo

J. I I I said that women

define geek email

industries as opposed to social industries, not very interesting and soon Dar sites, research on gender of that city's. That's exactly the difference. In interest that I just pointed out is right: he this is what changed more wrote in his memo that got him fired, and this in my mind, if I was the lawyer for James to more of the like hello,

do we have here. This is this is checkmate yeah tell me is this said they were sorry, the doors stores really interesting. You know, because I think it's such a classic story of of an engine

we're getting tangled up in politics. So do more, went

this diversity seminar and he wasn't very happy about it because he knew the literature and so at

end of the seminar they ask for feedback. Well

is an engineer. So when

you tell an engineer that you want feedback, the in

 

here, thinks all you want feedback, and you want like facts and stuff right, 'cause! That's what feedback would be like soda, more

wrote this like thorough memo and gave it to them, he said well, you know this is what I think. Here's some feedback and then it trap

old around that he got no real response from the diversity people and then he posted it on one of these internal boards at Google, where people can discuss things which people at Google do all the time, so it was perfectly reasonable for him to post it because he didn't get a response from the diversity people. He thought well, let's see what other people think and then it was

for a long time until it was leaked into the outside world.

It was like the more was trying to expose Google for for what it is. He

It's just doing what an engineer type would do. Would someone asked him to provide feedback?

because he's not thinking politically he's, not thinking. Oh, they just want to hear what they already said. He thought they actually wanted some facts anyway,

so I think they picked on the wrong. Guy

turns out to be pretty damn tough was very,

 

smart, Anna, very kind guy when you sit down and talk to him, he's not a sexist he's, a he's, a guy,

it's talking about facts. In fact he wrote more than a page and a half. I believe on this

strategies for getting more women interested in tech is not a sexist. This is just a guy that was talking about the differences in the choices that people make that is based on just

the variations that you were just discussing. Well, there's a good study done a while ago and unfortunate, remember the author, but they were looking at June,

hi, math, prodigies and they're they're, pretty equally just

did between boys and girls, but

by the time University came along. They math prodigy boys. They tend to go into the stem fields, but the girls Wouldn'T- and it doesn't mean

is the electability 'cause they had stellar ability it's because they were

interested and it turns out, like the

this thing, turns out to be a big one. So with person.

Melody alone, if you measure men and women's personalities and then you add up all the differences in personalities, you could tell with about seventy five.

Eighty percent certainty by

 

looking at a full personality, read

weather persons, male or female, so you'd be wrong. Twenty five percent of the time, something like that. But if you

that interest you that you can get up to about ninety percent and so

you know you say well are these,

France is large well individually, they're, not that big they make me are more difference at the extremes, but if you add them up

then you can almost completely differentiate men from women. So by that token there

very large and the interesting actually turns out to matter alot like it's probably the most important individual difference that has been discovered between men and women at the psychological level and has real decent expl.

Battery power because you might say well

Men have a slight edge in spatial intelligence and that's why they're over represented in stem fields

and women have a slight edge and verbal intelligence. This is debatable, but literature kind

indicates that and that's why they're overwhelmingly the majority

fiction. Readers, for example, is

 

that the reason that there is differential representation in the stem fields- it's like no, it doesn't seem to be. It doesn't look like it's an intellectual issue, which is also what

more pointed out by the way. He never said once that this was a cognitive issue, but it's a matter of choice matter of interest

and women tend to be more more

this is also being discovered in chimpanzees and other primates like if you offer baby or chai,

old, chimpanzees, juvenile chimpanzees. The toy choice between thing like toys like cars or people like toys like dolls, the

I will go for the thing like toys and the females are go for the people like toys, so you see that in primate and you

well, it's not surprising it's like well. No, it's not it's! Not! That surprising really mean women have to take care of infants, tiny infants,

and you have to be really people oriented to do that, because a tiny infant isn't a new

believe aebli demanding

social relationship and it's uh

 

primary relationship for about two years. You know, and so women are tilted towards the kind of temperament that makes that PASA.

It's like well. Is that such a shock really that's such a surprise,

yeah, it's not a surprise and what's confuse

sing to me is

the narrative that anybody that points out these differences is somehow a sexist or discriminatory or yet worse, yeah yeah is but well whatever happens at the victims. Well, I think the other reason that the where the left, the radical lefties have been going after me, constantly is

well. One reason is, is if you stand up against the radical radical left you're in a group that

also has nazis in it, because the Nazis also stand up.

Once the radical left, so it's perfectly reasonable from a strategic perspective for the row,

take a leftist to say well, you're against us.

How do we know you're, not a nazi?

 

Well, statistically, I'm probably not you know so there there's that, but, but you could say at least the question is but but but but then the next part of it comes is that it's motivated apathy.

Slinging because if I'm reasonable,

I'm standing up against the radical left and they admit that I'm reasonable

there has to be an admission that reasonable people could stand up against the radical left, which kind

implies that the radical left isn't that reasonable, and so, while they're, not

go there of course, they're, not that reasonable or unreasonable

beyond belief, as we saw in this situation with Lindsay Shepherd in Canada, so at

Wilford, Laurier Universe. Let's talk about that real quick, because that was a fascinating thing too, and that also had to do with you. So she

 

Who is discussing you in class and fill up one everybody yeah she's in a communications in the communications department at Wilford Lori, and they were talking about the

full of language in communication, which kind of what you would do in a communication class.

She decided to show a five minute clip from a

program I had done for Tv

Ontario, which is a public television station, mainstream, left, leaning, liberal television,

station news program and a good one at goodwill, and I had been on there with a number of other

including a professor Nicholas Matte, from the University of Toronto, who claimed

see that there were no biological differences between men and women and that had been the scientific consensus for the last four decades. So anyway, she showed a clip from this and well. She got hold in front of two professors

handed administrator, Adria Joel, who is basically hired for that purpose and raped over the

 

all for daring to show this video and she had that where with all to tape it and then she made

take public, and in that tape they compared really blackly comical. You know they compared me to Hitler.

Yeah and but then said well, it's Hitler or Milo Uniopolis. They thought

you guys are so damn clueless. He can't even get your insults right. It's like you can't say that

I'm playing a video of Hitler

for Milo Yiannopoulos, it's like first of all,

Hitler in Milo, Yiannopoulos they're, actually not in the same category right except that they're, both human. That's,

the narrowness of the category

Milo's are like comic provocateur,

and you could hate him or love him or be indifferent, but to put

in the same category as Hitler just

how Muddle headed you are and then

to assimilate me to that category so carelessly like

mess about with epithets. Like that, you know, Hitler was one of

 

great super villains of the 20th century. Right mean he was he's up

here with Stalin and MAO in the in the panoply of satanically. Possessed leaders, you don't just

sat around,

not when you're, torturing, your teaching assistant for daring

to show a video,

so that was a massive scandal in Canada with the biggest. I think it was the biggest scandal that ever hit a university in Canada and it got

out of international attention, and rightly so, and she also turns out to be a tough cookie.

I mean the last. I heard she was she'd started a club at Wilford Lori and I

it was last night or the night before. Maybe it's coming up, they're going to show

the whole video from

television Ontario at a club meeting and invite people to come and discuss it. It's like

they picked on the wrong girl there too, so they certainly did she's, obviously very smart. You can hear that in her discussion with them and how flabbergasted she was by their take on things, but this was

 

is essentially proof to a lot of,

but that were on the outside of how preposterous some

Dialogue was inside these universities

They couldn't have done me a bigger favor than having that scandal, because when I made a videos about Bill C, one thousand six hundred and fifteen

months ago. I said: look, here's what's going to happen because this legislation is rich.

In an appalling manner, and the surrounding policies are pathological said here

what's going to happen, so I laid it out

and then people came out and said: no, you

being paranoid, it's like that's possible know the built

legislation is going to have that effect. No you're, not a legal expert. What they'll do you know? It's separate center, you're, crazy, you're, a bigot you're, a transformer. You know they. They threw everything but the kitchen sink at me and looked so now. If you know

there is a possibility that I was wrong, but the problem

as I read the policies- and I understood them-

I knew where they were leading, but I

never imagined that one of the Consequ

this is of bill C. Sixteen in its sister legislation, was that a teaching is

 

synthetic canadian university would be pilloried and accused of breaking the law and then accused of all sorts of reprehensible political beliefs.

By two professors, an administrator hired for that purpose. Mir

because she showed a video about two people talking about the law,

paranoid as I am. Let's say that that exceeded the grasp of the,

each of my imagination and then, of course it was made public and people just couldn't believe it, and then you think, ok! Well, what's the defence well,

they misinterpreted bill C. Sixteen like no, I don't think so. They aren't

Representative of the university professor administration. Well, all of Pimlott and

Buchanan's colleagues rose to their defense. The whole department

thirsty when they apologize did it in a very mealy mouthed way, like there's

evidence that it was an anomalous occurrence. So what I

happened. Is they over it?

 

When did the reach of bill c? Sixteen in exactly the way that I said would happen, it was inevitable and

It wasn't an anomaly. It was actually that's actually the way that the universities are, and it is the way that they are. It was a

a one off. It was exactly

diagnostic and it's appalling. It's appalling.

Universities have so much to be ashamed of their their

is an article in the Boston Globe this week saying the same thing that all of

it's crazy, postmodern identity pool.

It takes equality of outcome. Nonsense is not only disrupted

university in a way that might be as far as I can tell, but it's

rapidly spreading outside into the

say business world, which is exactly what you see, for example, at Google, well, that

tech industry in particular seems to be MIKE Moore,

left leaning than pretty much any industry. There is an, I guess, it's because there's so many intelligent people there, so many people that have

 

a tremendous amount of time in universities, and they get indoctrinated into this mindset and

you're you're. Seeing that in this

the ceo of Youtube's response to James Damore memo completely misrepresented they're talking about harmful gender stereotypes. That's not what he talked about at all: what's fat

listening to me about all of this, is it it just reeks of tribalism that

these people on the left have decided, I mean, and I'm

mostly on the left, which is

really crazy,

I mean when it comes to most Paula season, most thoughts of equality in and the idea of just

letting people be who they are. I mean that's what the left

used to stand for it used to stand for being open minded. It used to stand for being a reason

cool person it

now. It seems to be all about this very

toxic tribal ideology and

 

This is one of the reasons why so many of these attacks- and you are so baffling to me- is because there is a willful ignorance or a deceptive narrative

is a deceptive description of who you are and what you're saying and what you represent, and this can.

Media tly categorized not even convenient willfully willfully, deceptively categorized into these

category categories of homophobe,

Transphobia sexism, these rep

mobile categories that, if they can just shove, saw-

thing that you're, saying figure out a way to push you into this little narrow confined. Then everyone has to disagree with you. Everyone has to insult you.

And everyone has to like take that girl into their office-

chastise you for even use, not even speaking up for you just change she. She wasn't. Yes, that's what

more fascinating about it than anything

 

I can give her hell for that. Like all you can't present something like that neutrally! That's like presenting something Hitler said neutrally, or maybe Milo Innopolis it,

it's so strange, but what they don't understand- and this is what's really crazy- is that the world is watching and that most people buy

but maybe it's a six thousand and forty we were talking about before when it comes to aggressive women versus aggressive men.

I don't know what the number is. I think most fifty to one actually like I've been what

watching the comments on Youtube and so forth, trying to track. This is like. I think that I think that what the radical leftists are, do

thing is overwhelmingly unrepresentative of

general population overwhelmingly, but there are

very well organized and, and verbal

and prepared minority and they've occupied powerful

positions in many many institutions HR one of the things I really can't figure out right now

 

and for anybody who's running a company, that's listening. They should think this through

to let these postmodern NEO marxists into your company through the guise of human resource, is an absolute catastrophe. E you're going to pay for that

This is the ITT Eology that drives postmodern, NEO Marxism, this identity, politics, what the identity, politics, movement,

and its insistence on equality of outcome is powerfully Ann,

the capitalistic. It's powerfully ant

western. Why? You would let that into your company is so that you can

good, socially, let's say, is beyond me. It's a big mistake. I agree with you, but I don't think people are aware of it. I think part of the problem is this: battleground is largely ignored by the general population. I don't think most people are aware of. What's going on, you are 'cause, you're, obviously you're.

Deeply embedded in the UN,

city system in Canada and you're obviously-

 

now branching out into Youtube and podcasts, and all these different ways to get this information out, but the average purse

and that is a ceo of a company or there there can

and with their own company they're concerned with their own individual needs their concern with organize.

Something's, keeping their bottom line and maybe they're also concerned with looking fair and making sure that they're not

prejudice, and all of that which is laudable, but I just don't

They see the wave come now they don't, they don't see it coming. They don't uh

stand it and there

in cautious about it, but they're going to pay for it. Well, Google is a good example, because now Google is in court

prejudice against females and also on the conservative and for being prejudice against conservatives. It's like well so both camps,

after then I think well, why is that's like? Well, that's what happens when you play identity politics, this tribalism or

This is really what I can't stand about: identity, politics and I've been warning about the

consequences of on the right wing too 'cause. What I see happening is that, as the left like, let's say, the left

 

gets to define the linguistic territory, which was what I was objecting to in Bill C. Sixteen when it came out, I said: look I'm not going to use these

hello Chisholms, Eansor, etc, because, as far

I'm concerned they have.

I think people don't know what your talking about yeah. What is a different made up? Gender pronouns yeah, there's just describe people in a non male or female. That's right! So there's like seventy different categories of non binary, gender, or something like that generated now and there's lists of pronouns. That hypothetically the people who are in those categories can choose to

be addressed by now.

It has the force of law, and so and I don't care

if they choose to be addressed by those pronouns whatever. That's that's, that's that's up to them, and

girls, they can convince or ask or Intreat or negotiate with font as soon as

this law that's a whole different story.

Ok! So now I have to use a certain terminology. So then I look at

Derivation of the terminology say that's terminal,

 

so generated by the postmodern. Neo marxists. Oh well. I think those people are

principally murderous, so guess what I'm not going to say their words period, because I know what they're like. I know where that leads. Okay, so bumps on most people think that's a gigantic step to

to go from saying you don't want to says ears or any of these made up gender pronouns to these are murderous people, the ideology,

his murderous. The

maybe in Marxism, yeah

Jesus, how much proof yeah right, but most people don't under

Stan Marxism like when

When you're saying this like, when you were so adamant about- and I had to start reading about it myself and I had to start doing a lot of research about it, myself- and I think my

people here Marxism and they think socialism they think,

pulling all your money together. You know making you know, making things more, even for yeah, like I already in in Venezuela, everybody has an equal chance to starve to death. You know how they,

 

you know how the venezuelan government start solve the problem of kids, starving to death,

hospitals illegal for the hospitals

to report starvation as the cause of death right. Well, that's Venezuela! In a nut shell yeah, there was never

one sequel there. They all have the same number of bones to know on yeah, that's a hard

the thing but yeah it's! It is a horrible thing and undeniable, but there's no like the connect

between gender pronouns and me

this it's a big leak out. That's that's for sure.

Yeah sure. Well, that's why you have to look at the underlying etiology. You know when you think well what level at the level at which

these things should be addressed Well- is the deck and

how much is a political

as per kings of this ideology, and you understand where the road map

leads. You understand the x at the end of the road yeah right.

 

Salute Lee well, and I think that's why I recommended to people continually to read soul Jeanette since Gulag Archipelago, so

Actually, there is a set of books that let laid this out perfectly. You read, Dostoyevsky's wrote a book called the possessed or the Devils and it's

It's a description of the initial breakdown of the Orthodox christian

society in in Russia.

In the late 1800s and the rise of radical socialist ideas. So it's sort of like the prodromal

russian revolution to brilliant, brilliant book brilliant book and it concentrates on

the personalities that are involved and then, if you read after that, so

and it seems to like archipelago where he details. What he does does in that book is quite remarkable soul. He says: look the

10s of millions of people killed from nineteen nineteen to

one thousand eight hundred and fifty nine in the Soviet Union

expensive internal repression, and it's so dreadful that words can't do it. Justice mean it's absolutely dreadful. What happened in the soviet

 

I mean just for starters: six million Ukrainians died in the 1930s because of enforced starvation. In fact, in the night

30s, here's, here's! Here's, how terrible it was. So all the food that the collective farmers new

we collectivized farmers had produced, which wasn't very much by the way, was taken from them and brought to the cities. So all the farmers starve to death now here's how Drako

and it got so. Let's say you are the mother of some children and all

your green, had been shipped off to the cities and you thought well, I'm not going to have my children starve to death, I'm going to go out in the field and I'm going to

on my hands and knees, and I'm going to pick up the

greens that are left over, that the harvesters didn't count get and I'm going to feed

goes to my kids that was punishable by death. You were supposed to

handy in those extra bits of grain so that they

to be shipped to the city as well. So that was just a big.

Think of the fund in the Soviet Union and what sort of

Did was say: look this wasn't a consequence,

 

of the marxist system gone wrong. This was a

plants of the marks system.

It was inevitable consequences of the axioms of the marks, a system and any he that out and it's, I think you got it right-

What is the White Man Nobel Price, but what is the connection?

how much tyranny you have to impose in order to

to produce something like equality of outcome

and Thomas souls talked about this a little bit too. He said in what the people who are agitating for

equality of outcome. Don't understand is that you have to seed so much power to the authorities to the government, in

to ensure equality of outcome, that tyranny is inevitable and that's right and it.

Other prop no problem with the quality vote come. This is also a big technical problem is like well what measure of outcome. You know, there's lots of outcomes like

How happy are you? How much pain are you in? How healthy are you

this money? Do you have how much appart

 

unity for movement forward? Do you have what's the width of

social connections like? What's the quality of your friendships? Do you have it?

Does your to art and literature like you know, you can multiply the number of dimensions of the valuation between people in innumerable it right, because there's there's all sorts of ways to classify people

you're going to get equality of outcome on every one of those measures

everyone going to have to be equally happy in their relationship.

Why not? What white? Why stop with economically? Why stop with pay? There's no place to stop so, and that's it that not to

huge technical problem, because there is no place to stop. There will be no stopping it's like nobody can

If anything else, nobody can

anything that everyone else doesn't have at the same time? That's the ultimate outcome of equality of outcome. What you think about what that would mean.

It's terriblr while instantly. You think oh well, there's nothing, but a tyrannical system could impose that. Have you ever did

 

dated a marxist porter of you ever debated someone who is pro equality of outcome? No, they don't debate me

really? The closest thing I think was too. That was the debate idea at the University of Toronto about the bill C, sixteen issues, but

They didn't actually have a debate. They had a forum which is the post. Modern equivalent of a debate is supposed to be friendlier. I suppose, but no I haven't because people don't do it, they don't ask me to do it. What is it about the

that idea or that ideology about Marxism that so attractive to young.

Students and to university part of that's a good question? I think it goes back to the issue of inequality and- and this is something that has to be dead seriously address, like you might say. Well, why

is the left wing necessary, but let's, let's put it that way. So

and then a subset of that would be wise. The left wing attractive. Well, the left

thing is necessary because inequality

the spiral out of control, and so there has to be

 

political voice for the dispossessed, and you don't want

able to stack up at zero. You know where they can't play that

even though it's a bad idea, not only do you not if people stack up at

There are too poor to get ahead at all. Let's say there are too poor to open a bank account. There are two

we buy enough food like they're stuck at zero

and they can't get out of it. It's a really

because, first of all, that's a lot of suffering and that's not so good. Second of all,

at least in principle, a lot of those people might be

something to offer the world or their chill,

turn right and you want to open a

avenues of opportunity to them, so

they can succeed, but so that everyone else can benefit from their success so and then

the next thing is well. If the inequality gets out of hand too much, then the whole society starts to destabilize, because if you get enough people stacked up in zero, especially young man, get enough. Young men stay

fucked up at zero. They think, oh to Hell with it will just flip the whole

board over. And

 

it'll settled in a new configuration, and maybe we won't be stuck at zero in the new configuration. So it phone

it's revolutionary thinking, so there's law

lots of reasons to be concerned about inequality, and so you know

the voice on the left to say: look. We gotTa Peru

motorized tendency towards inequality so that it doesn't destabilize the entire society so that it's everybody has an opportunity to advance like yes right, you need that. Ok, so that's the technical reason,

for the necessity of the left and then I think it's attractive because well

as young people can be resentful, partly 'cause they're at the bottom of the heap, so to speak there not '

'cause they're young like look you want to be, you want to be

for an eighteen. You want to

rich eighty, what you and choose,

most people are going to take poor at eighteen, especially if you've been rich at Eighty- and you understand you can get back there yeah. Well, that's

thing you know. Is that most of the people who

or have a million dollars or more in the United States, are old. Well, why is that? Well

 

really do we need an explanation for that? It's like you've had a lot

more time to make money. How would that be? That's the explanation. So that's one of the big drivers of inequality is just simply age, but it's not obvious that the old rich people

have an advantage over the young starting out people, so so anyways, but any

now maybe you're resentful and irritated 'cause, you're, young and you're still at the bottom of the heap, and you know, you've got other problems too it's more difficult for people of your race or ethnicity or gender, or at least you think it is

so you say. Well, I want to make things

there and then that's also driven by some real compassion, because nobody really likes that the consequences,

radical inequality, like nobody likes the fact that homeless people exist and have to

go to the emergency ward? You know to get treated and they don't have medical coverage and they have to live in tents on the street and

so. If you have some compassion, then you think well,

we've got to do more for the poor and dispossessed it's like. Ok, that's

 

an understandable sentiment, but the problem is: is that the people? But the problem is, is that it's

that that desire to help is contaminated by resentment and India. Logical certainty and then also buy something that George Orwell pointed out so nicely in his book road to Wigan Pier it's like the typical

middle class socialist. This was his diagnosis and he was a socialist by the way. His diagnosis was. The typical middle class

intellectual socialist doesn't like the poor. In fact, they

have anything to do with the poor. Their contemptuous

of the poor, but they hate the rich, and I think it's even more devious than that

I think who they hate are the successful.

Successful, rich, but really who they hate, is the successful it's like Cain and Abel. It's

retelling of Cain and Abel, and so there's some

positive motivations for being engaged on the left and there's a lot of negative motivations as well, and the people who are really

 

even by the radical left ideology, the real radicals they're, almost all driven by I resentment and hatred. As far as I'm concerned now the let let's look at both extremes so back to the idea of the

of the ideological and verbal territory. I said with Bill C.

Sixteen that I wouldn't speak the language of the radical leftists, because I don't think that that language should define the game. But let's say it does so. Here's the game.

World is a battleground of groups and they are battling for power. That's it that's the

and some of them win and they will press those who don't win. So that's how

to view the world. Okay, now the

left is say: okay, well, here's the oppressed people, the oppressors, the patriarchy,

circle types. They should be ashamed of themselves and give

some power the right, wingers,

the radical right. Wingers, look at that and they say. Oh I see

so. The game is ethnic identity. Is it its identity? Politics, ok

 

were white males, that's the

wing version of identity, politics! It's like screw you! If we're screw you

right into groups, but we're going to divide into tribes

and I'm in my tribe

guilty and lose I'm going to get

cruel and wind and that's like men, you think brothers,

people in the middle are kind of looking back and forth, which side of the aisle

politics in the politics spectrum negative falling. Do I want to go with a do. I want to go.

Do. I want to be driven primarily by compassion and I'm am I go

to accept guilt for my historical privilege. So that's one possibility and then I'm

Lopressor presser, I'm a member of the

pressure group. Am I going to

it would not to hell with that. I'm just going to play to win. Well, then, I'm

go to the right? It's like well, my sense is about

play either of those games and the reason we shouldn't play them mist. Well, the soviets

the left wing game and like killed

 

who knows how many 10s of millions of people you can't even count it accurately. The estimates range from two thousand two hundred million. Those are pretty big error, bars and the Maoists

Maybe a hundred million, certainly sixty million. So okay that didn't work out so well

and then there's the Nazis, like they played ethnic identity.

Politics and racial superiority like why do we want to play that game

But I've been trying to do really what I've been trying to do for the last thirty years is say: look

is to play those sorts of games, but that's not the only game in town to much better game to play individual. It's like get your act together. Stand up in the world, make something of your

so stay away from the ideological oversimplifications?

set your house in order. That's rule six in the in this in this book, so I

book rule in there says, set your house in perfect order before you criticize the world and it's a very dark chapter about.

 

The motivations of the Columbine High school killers and this other guy named Carl Panzram, who is a serial rapist, an arsonist and murderer, and these

He wrote an autobiography, and the Columbine kids also wrote about why they did what they did: their resentful to the core, bitter bitter resentful, terrable and.

Well I'm suggesting that people stay away from that resentment

sinfulness and bitterness, even though life is hard

malevolence in the world. It's like yeah. You can

tell a story where everyone's a victim because

call die. We all get sick

happened to a sitter, bitter and terrible betrayal. Deceit lies. Like people hurt us on purpose,

you know, so it's not just the tragedy of life, its malevolence as well as everyone's a victim. You can tell that story,

problem is: if you tell that story, and you start to act it out you make all of that. Worse. That's the problem

so this is why partly I got attracted to christian imagery,

 

based in part,

maybe in Christianity, that you should pick up your God Damn cross and like walk up the hill and that's

matically, that's correct! That's the right answer like

you've got a heavy load of suffering to bear and a fair bit of

going to be unjust. So what are you going to do about it, except it voluntarily?

and try to transform. As a consequence, that's the right answer. It's the right answer, 'cause the rest of it is tribalism and we're too technologically powerful to get

will tribal again, what's exciting to me, is that I think this is the first time in my life that I

We've ever seen so much communication on these subjects, and I

thanks so much recognition about the consequences of tribal toxic tribalism, this tribal thing

thing that everyone seems to be engaged in on the right and on the left

 

I mean in America. You needed to go no further than going back and forth from CNN to Fox NEWS to say something is wrong here. These are, these are

is to be news. Outlets have two completely different narratives, and that has nothing to do.

Is what we're talking about with gender politics and radical

socialism and marxism? What you're seeing in universities, though

from what I always considered universities, great four. What I always

Universities great for is separate

thing from your parents, challenging belief systems and being engaged in the works of brilliant people.

So you can compare all of

their findings and their discoveries and sit down and debate them in class, and when I was

did when I was in high school

high School Newton, South High School in Newton Massachusetts and one of the

things that they did. Is they put on a debate between a guy

 

from the moral majority which was this right wing

christian group that I am not around anymore, but there this was nineteen. I was fourteen. So eighty one and

Barney, Frank who was

but congressman is now one of the first openly gay guys in Congress and and you got to watch these

two people in this auditorium debate. Their point

in this moral majority guy had this. You know

Nightwing Ronald Reagan, sort of point of view and Barney Frank who's kind of crazy he's got. But

It is a male prostitute scandal and but the gay community

it's not that big of a deal and just Barney Frank, took him apart was brilliant to watch, but it was a real debate.

It was fascinating and you got to see a

A mediocre mine versus a great mind, and you got to see this little thing and I was like wow. This is

 

it was one of the things. That's always a try.

Did me about the the idea that two people, with different viewpoint,

can get together in front of a neutral audience, and these people can sort of decipher which, which way

these people are thinking and why they think yeah well in bad is that is an rife with conflict. That, as that is the alternative, is to separate, as you pointed out into,

two camps that don't talk yes, and the thing is that the consequences of not talking is that you fight that's the end game,

because the only way you can stop from fighting with other people

is by negotiating with them. And you know one of the things that's also interesting. This is partly why Silicon Valley leans to the left is that a fair bit of your political prep

is determined by your biological temperament. It's a strongly in

so, if you're, a creative type, who's kind,

 

disorderly, then you're likely to be on the liberal, left end of the distribution and, if you're, a

uncreative, creative type, who's, orderly and, and especially, if you're orderly

then you tend to be on the right wing, end of things and so and well. Why is that

did those variations exist. Well, they exist because some of

but I'm your best strategy is to do what other people have done and shut the hell up and just do it run the algorithm right

pathways already laid clear: it works, stay

in the damn rut and move forward. Ok, so that's the conservative approach

when things are going right. It's the right approach, the Prob

home is. Is that sometimes it's not the right approach, because something is shifted and so

something new has to emerge, and so then

a bunch of people who are adapted to the new and those are the entrepreneur

creative types, of course they dominate Silicon Valley, because it's a very entrepreneurial, it's a very entrepreneurial. What would you call it? Geography,

 

and so they're going to lean to the left, but they have to under

people have to understand that the left and the right need each other. The liberals and conservatives need each other. Liberal start companies

conservatives, run them

form with the conservatives is well, they can only run a company in one direction: 'cause they're conservative. They don't think outside the box.

But so if the company is working in the product line is good and everything is stable, like higher

some conservatives 'cause they'll maximize efficiency in the move down that track. But if the track

no longer going in a good direction because somethings

change the environment change. Well, then, you gotta bring in the creative people

each other and the only

say that we can survive the fact that we're different and the

that we need each other is by continually talking. We have talked constantly it's like well how much?

What we're doing should we preserve versus

how much of what we're doing should we transform and the answer is we don't know

because the environment keeps changing? So what do we do about that? We talk

 

now. I was on a CBC Canadian Broadcasting Corporation interview a couple of days ago, and they took me to task

I tweeted out this song, this

invitation to the boys to fill out this pro

that I developed called future authoring and it helps people make up.

I mean the cowboys yeah. Well, there there an online group there,

Yeah is, but they run Kekistan. It's this fictional polity. It's a satire of identity, politics! Essentially we're going to

our ethnicity, highly demonized, Santa highly demonized, sound right cut and with good reason for it with some individual examples of racism, Nazism and it yeah yeah. There's a lot to miss behavior, yeah, yeah yeah, it's like graffiti. It's like online graffiti writing like that, so and and they can't

Boys are the ones who are often using the Pepe memes, for example, and you know the left regards peppier

 

hate symbol, happy the frog happy the for a feels good for all. That's right! That's right kind of reprehensible frog and so white tweeted. To my said, Don can't boys seek your fortune.

Rescue yourself from the underworld use code peppy for future authoring,

so it's free for one week, so they had to figure out what it meant. Then

I showed this picture of Michigan J Frog, which is the frog from old Warner Brothers cartoon dancing frog that wouldn't perform when he was watching it so

CBC hold that out and said well, look, aren't you aren't you like AP

sing to the radical right, and I said well, no, what I'm doing I said. Look these people are attracted by the route.

All right, although there satirist's and

now satirists and graffiti types, and you know they're they're, playing a weird so having fun being Jadi, that's exactly what they're doing they're they're provoking and I might

fence was well, what do you

help yourself as an individual and get the hell out of the ideological trap. So here's my program, which helps you write about your future and that'll help

 

you decide who you are as an individual 'cause. That's the way out

the ideological trap it's like in there,

So obviously, what's the way out of tribalism, first,

layout of tribalism is not to never join a tribe? You actually have

join a tribe as you mature right, because what happens is first of all, you're an infant,

relationship with, but then, when you move from your parents, you have your tribe, you have your group, maybe it's! The music

listen to which the gang you hang around, with whatever you

have to be socialized into the tribe you have to 'cause. I

is you stay dependant infant,

okay, but now you're socialized into the tribe.

Well, is that where it ends like no, the next thing to do is do

differentiate yourself from the tribe. Well,

still knowing how to behave within the tribe. Well, that's the called

Digitalism and that's. I think what the West got right as we figure that out is like you're more than you're. You have to be

a member of a group because otherwise

socialized, not good for anyone. You not have to anyone.

 

Play on a team man. You have to have team loyalty, but

where you should stop. You should take the next step and become a fully developed individual and see the problem

being just a group member is that the group it's the

with conservatism. The group is a fixed entity,

has its rules and its regulations, and if you remember that's all you are, but the group can

so badly wrong. So the group needs individuals to keep the group alive and revivify it. So you have to be

an individual, so you can revivify the group. That's the cult, that's the call in the way.

To heroism essentially to noble way of living is to develop yourself pass

Your group identity, so that you can re, can

you're the game when that becomes necessary, and I think that there's a

influential line of developmental psychology pioneer

Jean Piaget that laid that out as a developmental progression. First, your

 

a child then you're a member of a group. Then you're an individual, it's like

but to the individual level. That's the solution, the solution to tribalism, but you have to accept responsibility to do that.

And this is what your future authoring program is. Basically all about. I mean it's a wonderful program and, along with this book, rule

Isn't: guidelines for life. I think that's one of the things that a lot of young people are lacking is a,

structure to how to go

all about establishing who they are in the world. Well, that's you know. What's really cool- and it's been really quite remarkable, I would say: is that what I've

order when I've been speaking publicly say over the last year and a half because

there's a hole in our culture where there should be

discussion about maturity, truth and

sponse ability? No ones talk

Okay! So now I'll come up and I'll,

look like what you do with your life. Well take care of yourself.

 

But take care of yourself in the way. That also means that simultaneously, your take care of your family and that and also means

simultaneously you're taking care of the broader community. So that's kind

your goals Oriente your self towards that personal success, but in a way that,

Success breeds success because

if you're going to stab lish name, why not establish like a really good and that's a good one? It's good for you, it's good for everyone else. Yes,

that will give you life some meaning now adopt make a plan generate a vision. That's what the future authoring program helps. People with mega

develop a vision of what your life could be like if, if it was worth living, despite all its suffering like

What would you need so that you would be happy to be alive?

meaningful, so you don't get all bitter and resentful and cruel and hostile an idiot logically addled and like murder,

Justin Genocidal, like none of that, like think real hard.

 

Would you have to configure your life so that, despite its suffering and the malevolence, that's part of it that you would regard it as worthwhile. That's up to you to develop a vision, then put a plan into practice, and so, when I talk to pee

all about this. Most of my audiences are young men. It's probably about six thousand five hundred and thirty, five more and more women are showing up, but that's about what it is right now the halls are dead silent

You could hear a pin drop

because nobody said so clearly for like fifty years that

almost all the meaning that you will need to get you through the hard times of your life is going to be a consequence of adopting responsibility,

not of rights and impulsive action. Impulsive freedom like got it freedom,

no problem, even freedom to do impulsive things, fine, but that

where you going to find the meaning that keeps you sustained through the storms of life. That's going to be to take care of yourself. You take care of your income

 

partner you take care of your damn family. You don't run off. You take care of your community, you

see the wisdom from the past, you stand up straight

and be courageous, despite the fact that life is tragic and tainted by malevolence, like that's the ancient wisdom, that's what that is

and understanding that their structure and discipline and that you know I

in a lot of ways both of those things you

scribed earlier, I'm in a lot of ways.

My mind is created

and I'm always sort of half pint

into things, but I'm also

yeah right and it's one of the reasons why I think I I so relate to both sides of this issue, because I could be one of the reasons you're successful.

We have easily been some hardcore right wing asshole, I'm a competition oriented person. I've been since I was a child. I grew up compete.

In martial arts tournaments mean that

 

You have to be a hard person to do that. You have to understand what discipline is, but but

or that I was an artist. I wanted to be a cartoon it. I wanted to do comic books, that's what I

where do you want to be an illustrator if it wasn't for one

bad teacher in high school that totally scheid me away from art? I probably would have

run into that as a as a living where

I look at both sides. I see myself in both sides. Yep yep, well, the other

I've been telling young men is that and- and this is something I think that you could relate to tremendously- is hi. I read this new testament line well it decades ago, and I

never understand it. It's the line is the meek shall inherit the earth, and I thought this I'm wrong with that. That line it

it doesn't make sense to me meet just, doesn't seem to me to be a moral virtue, and so I did a series of Biblic,

lectures this year, like fifteen of them not was also a weird little experience that we can talk about, but I was looking through the these. These sayings these maxims, and that was one of them to make sure

 

there at the earth, but I've been using this site called Bible Hub and it's very interesting. It's organized very interesting, so you have a biblical line and then they have like

three pages of commentary on each line, and so because people have comment

in every verse, in the Bible like to the degree

almost unimaginable, so you can look and see all the interpretations in all the translations and get some.

Sense of what the genuine meaning might be and the line

the meek shall inherit the earth. Meek is not a good translation.

Or the word has moved in the three hundred years or so three hundred years or so since it was translated. What it mean

Is this

those who have swords and know how to use them, but keep them. Sheath will inherit the world

and that's another thing. I've been tell yeah no kidding, that's a big difference, big difference, it's so great, and so one of the things I tell young men on young women as well,

the young man really need to hear this more, I think, is that you should be a monster

 

because everyone says well, you should be harmless.

Chulas you shouldn't. Do anyone any harm? You should sheath your competitive instinct. You shouldn't try to win. You know you don't want to.

Too aggressive. I don't want to be too assertive. You want to take a back seat in all of that. It's like no,

You should be a monster, an absolute monster and

Then you should learn how to control it. Do you know the express'?

and it's better to be a warrior and a garden that a gardener in a war right right, exactly that's exactly it yeah and that's exactly right, and so what I tell young men that they think well lots of

more competitive there low in agreeableness. You know, 'cause, that's part of being competitive. Temperamentally

So, if there's something wrong with being competitive,

thing wrong with cheating. There's something wrong with

being a tyrant is something

with winning unfairly. All of those things are bad, but you don't

people to win. What's the difference between trying to win and striving, you want to erratic

beats driving. What's the uncomfortable feeling that people associate with losing when they've personally experienced it,

 

they look at losing as they they've been oppressed, are they've been hurt, but they don't

understand is dad. Is the motivation for growth and one of the

beautiful things that I think a young person can get involved in? Is martial arts because martial arts,

teach you that, in a way that very few things do they teach you it in?

especially jujitsu because

Jujitsu is so complex and there's so many possibilities to it that it attracts a lot of really smart people. If you think of Juju

do you would think of like brutish individuals engaging in this hard, martial art? If you go to a real,

good Jiu Jitsu School, you see nerds, you see

Bunch of like really smart kids, that really

get obsessed with the possibilities of this physical language, this

physical language. Also teaches you the consequences of not

working hard of not

prepared of not understanding positions of not doing due diligence and doing the work, and it's it's an amazing amazing scaffolding for

 

helping your life, but also teaches you how to lose. Yes, that's very important definition of a winner is someone who

never let losing stop them. Yes, you know and

The idea that a single LOS in the competition is somehow a defeat is completely insane's. First of all. Well, let's say your

hockey player in your good player and you lose the tournaments like well. So what you played the game?

You're increasing your skills, it's like there's always next time and one of the things that I've also been.

Informing people about is the idea that life isn't a game.

It's a series of games and the right ethic

is to be the winner of the series of Games and part.

That means. You have to learn how to be a good loser, because you're not going to win every single game, but you also have

embrace those losses as learning experiences and the people that

never lost afraid of losing their afraid of learning, you're afraid of that fee.

The tearable feeling that you get from losing is so beneficial. It say

 

Give me in so many ways like it's. One of the reasons is also one of the reasons why I talk so openly about bombing on stage, and I do it

other comedians are you. I will always want to tell people yeah. I'm honest.

Stab lish comedian, I've been a comedian for a long time. Let me tell you bout like when I was two years in or five years in or or

four years ago. It can. We tell you about some horrible

moments on stage where it went wrong. So you understand, like those things took me to another place, because I realized, I don't want to ever feel that feeling again and so I wrapped everything up and then I went back to work and I went over my notebooks and I went over my my recordings.

I figured out what I was doing wrong and, and I tried to improve upon it, but if it wasn't for that horrible sick feeling,

The same family you get when you get tapped out in Jujitsu class, same feeling, you get when you,

use a martial arts, tournament or anything else losing is important. Well, you might also say, like let's say that you could pick you can pick your level of competition in life to some degree.

Ok, so let's say you pick a level of competition where you're always winning it's like well

 

that means is you picked the wrong level of competition because you know like let's say your

ran master chess player and you're. All you do is play armatures and every night you go home and congratulate yourself and what a genius you are because you just stop these people left right and center. It's like not a genius, your dim Witt right. What you should be doing,

playing people who are beating you like well as much

you can tolerate? So maybe that's forty percent of the time, maybe sixty percent of the time, but that way cuz to be a winner. You want to be different

do you want to know what you're doing and then you want to be on the edge where your skills

being developed and if you're going to,

the edge where your skills are going to be developed. You run a place where, where

LOS we're losing, is always a possibility, because

otherwise you're not pushing yourself beyond your current capacity and so one of the

that I've outlined in twelve rules for life is a theory of meaning, because

as far as I'm concerned, that sense of meaningful engagement is the antidote to malevolence and suffering. Essentially, '

 

'cause. You want to have a life that so engaging that you think, despite the fact that I'm limited and

they were mortal and that life is tragedy and there's evil in the world. Despite all that, this is worth doing, and I think that that there's there's a there's, a technical meaning that

that genuinely exists, and that's the meaning that you get when you're in

domain. Where you have some discipline and some skill, so you're laying out your competence and your your ability, but you

simultaneously, pushing yourself to develop past, where you are

that's really engrossing and what's that doing, that is doing

is expanding your competence, and so life is suffering and betrayal

in in many senses of the word, but you can adopt

way of traversing through life. That is more power,

shuffle than the tragedy in the malevolence. I agree, and I say too many people that what

 

is going on in your life. Is you have a series of human reward systems that are in your body and coded in your body in your genetics and

the reason why human being survive? The twenty eighteen in

to be happy. You have to feed those things you have to feed

all of them you have to feed the one that one

is to overcome difficult tasks. You have to

the one that wants to solve problems. You have to feed the one that wants to be

a loving tribe of people that you care about. You have to feed the one that wants to procreate you,

feed all of these things. You have to feed the

love. You have to feed the competition you have to feed the discipline and that

to me is the only way to stay balanced or with me with my body and my mind as well,

I've I've been able to stay balanced and

either more any of those things get out of wack

get out of what yeah well so so part of that is so imagine this. So imagine that you're, this loose collect

and of all these things that need to be gratified that need to be fed. It's perfectly reasonable way of looking at it biologically. Ok, so now you have to

 

conjure up a motive being that's at

justifies all those necessities simultaneously. But then this is a technical expert,

which is why the postmodernist insistence that

there's an infinite number of explanations turns out to be wrong,

I need an infinite number of interpretations, there's a very finite number of

viable interpretations, so the first can

paint is what exactly what you just said. You have these inner demons. Let's say

all of which need to be satisfied.

Not only do they need to be satisfied today, but they need to be so

this fight today in a way that doesn't interfere with satisfying them next week next month, next year and in a decade so 'cause there's no

point in you

betraying your your fee,

put yourself to gratify your present self to stupid game.

Ok, so you're constrained by the necessity of sad

just fighting yourself, but of maintaining that satisfaction across time, but then it gets even worse.

It's hard enough, but

 

like there's an infinite number of use.

Extending indefinitely into the future and all of them have to be satisfied simultaneously. But then it's

First, because it isn't just you, you have to figure out how

ratify all those internal demons in a sustainable way in a way that uh,

people not only don't object to, but probably help you with and

It benefits them at the same time. Well, then, you think you think well there

start that many ways of solving that problem, and we know some of them. One of them is reciprocity. You know like if you

go out of your way. For me, it's

incumbent on me to notice that, and do it

camped in some manner to to repay you and like if we're good friends. That's what we'll do if we're good

brothers, that's what we'll do that's what you do with your wife, it's a reciprocal arrangement and that keeps things flow

being properly across time.

This is the answer to the post. Modern conundrums like well is life meaningless. Is everything just now nihilus

 

is. Is nihilism the right answer, or maybe you know the? What would you call

information with an ideology as a counter position to nihilism, so nihilism is wrong. Life is meaningful

for twelve rules for life is about the first meaning of life is suffering and malevolence is

indisputable realities, okay, well, what's whatsapp! After

well, there's a noble way of being that allows you to exist properly, despite that

and also not to make it worse. So can you

life be meaningful enough, so that you? What is it confront? Chaos voluntarily

establishing Revivify order.

Constrain malevolence, that's a good three part doctrine for life,

things to do, and so that's what I've been talking to the

this is that I've been seeing over the last year. It's like get your act together, stand up forthrightly, that's true!

We want stand up straight with your shoulders back. There's a vote

 

the position right because you're old, but it's a powerful position, because it means that you're brave enough to take what's coming, and

Isn't like what's coming, isn't dangerous, it's dangerous so, but your best bet is to be.

Dancing on your feet, ready for to pay attention to be awake and to treat yourself property. That's

cool tools, figure out how to treat yourself as if you're someone worth coming to the aid of to detach your

often a bit and say: ok, I'm going to set up my life so that it it's good for me and good for other people,

as well as that's a corollary to that. So the book is all about all about.

The meanings of life, the negative meanings suffering malevolence,

those are indisputable realities and then a mode of being that integrates the sorts of things that you were

talking about. These underlying needs with everyone else is and like doing that voluntarily, it's a call to responsibility and meaning, and I actually think it's not.

The thing that's been so exciting for me for the last three decades. Looking

 

to these things is that I believe that

there is a genuine human ethic. It's not arbitrary has to do with reciprocity, for example, has to do with honesty. That's another thing. Is that speak the truth,

turns out better. If you speak the truth and so does everyone else. So in this biblical lecture series I did I looked at

the first chapter in Genesis and there's a theory in there. It's really interesting theory, and the theory is that there's three parts to being there's chaos and potential,

that would be like the potential you should live up too 'cause everyone says: well, you should live up to your potential, it's like what the hell is, that you can't measure it or touch it taste. It feel it it's this hypoth

typical thing that everyone regards Israel. It's like it's like the future. What's the future,

not here, yet you can't measure it. What makes you think it's real! Well,

act as if it's real and that seems to work there. So there's pote.

 

So that's one! That's chaos, chaotic potential, then there's order and that's

structure that you need in order to to confront the chaos and you be

born with that biologically and then there's your ability to call forth from the potential new order. That's what you do with your speech and that's what that's? What happens in the first chapter of Genesis is that God uses God order. Let's say

uses the power of truthful speech. That's the logos to transform potential into order and that's what people are may

in the image of so there's this theory. It's a lovely theory! That's laid out right at the beginning of the Bible. That says that if you tell the truth, you trans

form the potential of being into a

habitable actuality, that's how it works

Ok! Well, how do you? How do you make the world better? Tell the truth, 'cause, the

 

world you bring into being. As a consequence of telling the truth will be a good world, and I believe, that's true, I think its true metaphorically, I think its true theologically and I think it's true.

At the practical and scientific level as well. I think it's true and all those levels simultaneously. So that's been ridiculously exciting to to sort through, I think,

this notion and one of the things that you said that I think really resonates is that there's not a voice out there. That is

possibility, and that is talking about how important this is- and I think this is an inherent principle that most people are kind of aware of, and it feels good to them to hear like it resonates so you.

Feel it when you, when you're saying this clean your room, you know

put your house in order. People like yeah yeah.

How come I'm not hearing them right back? I'm I'm not hearing this well, it's so funny because one of the things psychologists have done for the last twenty years, specially the soul

 

psychologist- is pushed this idea of self esteem. You should feel good about yourself now. I think

Why would you tell someone twenty that, like you should

good about who you are it's like? No, you shouldn't. Why should

you feel good about who you are like you should

good about who you could be that's way better 'cause. He got

sixty years to turn into who you could wait a minute. Are you what your accomplishments are, or are you dis individual going through this journey,

I think there's anything wrong with feeling good about who you are as long as it's tempered by an understanding of potential and what you have accomplished versus what you can

competent. Well, I think that having confidence is a big part of it is. It is, and I'm not saying that people shouldn't have confidence, but, like often you take young,

people say there are sixteen to twenty two and they're not really feel

not good about who they are right because their life is chaotic in in disorder and they don't know where they're going and that they don't know which way is up because of the could be bad parenting absolutely, and we have to be a lot of abuse going on and I

 

it's one of the reasons why people that resonates with people, this idea of be happy for you about who you are right, feel good about who you right, but but the thing is it, it has to be stated with precision it's like yes,

it's like you should you should treat yourself as if your valuable,

especially in potential, but you should

and trade on who you should become, especially if you're young and so

let's say, you're, miserable and nihilistic and chaotic and depressed, and all of that now you have your reasons. You know terrible parenting abuse all of those things it's like well, you should feel good about yourself. It's like no! No, it's not it's! Not! It's! Not the right message is that

it's more like you should understand how much potential there is within you to set that straight

and then you should do everything you can to manifest that in the world and it will set it straight and that's better than self esteem. It's like your

Krooked horrible position. Ok, fine, there's a lot of suffering in pain associated with that yeah. You can't just feel good about,

because it's not good, but you can do something

 

but you can genuinely do something about it and I think all the evidence suggests that that's the case. Yes, so I'm

telling young people look there's no matter. How

had your situation is? I'm not going to pretend it's! Okay, it's not! Okay, it's tragic!

and some people really get hurt by malevolent. People like you know terribly,

Sometimes they never recover. It's really awful, but

more to you than you think, and if you stand up and face it with with the positive with

with a noble vision with discipline and intent, you can go far farther

to overcoming it. Then you could imagine and that's the principle on which

you should predicate your behavior, and I think that one

things that's really nice about being a clinical psychologist is that this isn't just guesswork like one of the things we

so two things in clinical psychology. One is

conversations redeem people,

the clinical psychologist,

have a truthful conversation.

 

The conversation is

wrong with my life,

because that you know maybe takes a year to have that conversation and both of the parties

they're doing everything they can to lay it out properly. Here's how it might be fixed here's, what a beneficial future might look like,

and so it's a completely honest conversation if it's working well and all the

happening in the conversation is that the two people involved are trying to make things better. That's the goal: let's see

if we can have a conversation that will make things better.

Ok, so we know that works. It does make things better and then and uh

everything we know is that well, let's say

there's a bunch of things that you're afraid of that are in your way

some vision about who you want to be. Maybe you have to you know you,

to be successful in your career. So you have to learn to talk in front of a group. It's like ok, well, you're, afraid of that

no wonder you don't want to be humiliated, so ok! So what do we do about that? Well, may

We first get you to speak in front of one person and then three people. You know for five minutes and then for ten minutes, like graduate

 

exposure to what you're afraid of voluntary.

Graduated exposure to what you're afraid of is curatives and that's true, it works.

The documentation is in its how people learned so so to to to tell people that if you confront the world forthrightly,

you speak the truth and you expose yourself courageously to those things that you're afraid of that your life, a limp,

proven so will the life of people around you like,

as far as I'm concerned, that's as close to undeniable fact as we go as we've got, and it also ducktales nicely with the underlined archetypal stories that heroic stories it's like go out. There find the dragon. Confronted

is dragon, it might eat you it's dangerous, but it's worth

just to cower at home and wait for it to come and devour you go out there confront it, get the gold share it with the community. It's like yeah, it's the oldest story,

 

mankind. I think one of the factors in the resistance of these ideas, of discipline and of taking responsibility for yourself and of a lot of the things that you've been saying in regards to all the things that we discussed earlier. Is people recog?

and if they're not doing that in their own lives and they get upset and instead of looking internally, they tried to attack the thing, that's upsetting them, they did attack. Your message may attack the philosophy by

find it rather than look internally and objectively and having

sort of introspective point of view where you go okay

I reacting to this, because this is resonates like I'm missing this aspect of my life, it is this guy does

Does this diminish me, or is this guy?

running something out that I can benefit from very few people are willing to do that. Very few people are willing to take that critical moment too.

 

You look at their own behavior and look at their own thought process and wonder if the actual adverse reaction they have to this person's message is because they know that they're wrong yeah. What's so, what's it's

a couple of reasons for that one is well

You think that your someone we should listen to right. So I care enough, you know, so you got to be poked a bunch to see if that's true and then the next thing is well, it's it's pain

info to understand how much of what you're doing isn't productive so I'll give an example. So

just a couple of times with classrooms full of students. Usually when I'm lecturing about career development say ok

How much time do you waste so that I could get the class to vote? How many of you waste ten hours a day? It's like ten percent of the kids are put up their hands

and it's interesting 'cause, I don't define what constitutes waste. I just ask the question, so there

 

diagnosing themselves right, I'm not saying you're wasting ten hours a day, I'm just asking is like given your own attitude, how much time you're wasting ten hours a day. It's like ten percent of the people put up their hand.

Well, when you get to like six hours a day, eighty percent of the people put up their hands. So then we do the arithmetic, it's like, because I like doing arithmetic with people, people hate arithmetic, but I like doing it. It's like ok, six hours a day.

Two hours a week, so let's call that a work week, forty hours a week, so so that's that's that work week,

Let's say: what's your time worth your university student or

certainly worth minimum wage 'cause. Obviously, but it's

it's way more than that, because if you spend a productive out

when you're twenty, then you

in the benefits of that hour for the rest of your life, so there's the com pounding effect of time spent when we're young, so I say

let's assume your time is worth fifty dollars an hour. We,

I think, is an underestimate, but whatever let's call it fifty, we call twenty five, but we'll call it. Fifty thanks to the

dollars a week, you're wasting one hundred

 

one a year. How much better would a year

maybe if you weren't, wasting one hundred thousand dollars a year.

Four million dollars. It's like you're, rich,

you, don't even know it by your own definition. It's like people shake their heads like. I never thought about it that way. It's like yeah

think about it. That way, don't waste your damn life and then

I think, well, why would people be resistant to that message? It's like! Well, you really want

pick up and figure out that your way

wasting half your life and you know-

People do that kind of wasting

I really hate it. You know, and I've had lots of people come to my clinical practice who were chronic pro

estimators, you know, and so there watching

Youtube videos say, but not ones that are good for them, although sometimes they will do

yeah, but just browsing

and that kind of mindless way that you do when you're not paying attention and you're trying to kill time and people doing that they feel bad. They get depressed, they

 

you're anxious, they can't get away from it. They feel kind of quasi addicted or they do saying about social media now so huge issue with young kids absolutely, but there's this feeling of kind of

eternal rotten corruption that goes along with it's like yeah. Well, you're wasting your life like. So it's painful, it's painful to recognize that then it's painful to think oh

God look how undisciplined I am. I don't know anything

it uses schedule. I can't I can't stick to a calendar. I don't have any aims. I don't know anything about the world.

Right and maybe there's a part of me, that's bitter, because I haven't got everything already and I'd like just like to say to hell with it. That's the record

of the union shadow like that's what makes you vicious and and and and untrustworthy all of that? No one

to look at that and no bloody wonder: hey

the alternative is worse. So

the problem is you sent like just saying

stop wasting your life like. I think that that's not enough. I think

 

this is one of the reasons why I look like this is so important like the idea of discipline and

most people's eyes is like if you're, not a disciplined person, it's

double it's, it's gonna be painful. It's it's a for a frustratingly you you, you have to force yourself into these things. It's a muscle to

and it's a muscle that has to be developed in these patterns have to be developed in your own mind permanently. Yes, yeah well with so you're right,

telling people not to waste their lives is not enough, and this is another reason why so

much enjoyed being a clinical psychologist, because clinical psychologists don't stick with high level abstractions

especially the behaviors that are really practical. It's like ok! You want to get your act together. It's like well how 'bout, if, let's say, you're, not studying

what it well, and so we do. A real analysis of how much you study say when I go to the library for hours a day: it's like yeah, yeah, okay, how much time you

actually study in the library. Well,

no, I waste time. I have to try

 

well there I look at my phone. It's like ok! Well, how much fifteen minutes have

an hour. How much is real studying? Well, maybe we figure out it's fifteen minutes so

okay, so what going to do for one week is you're going to

ready for half an hour. That's all you don't get to go to the library for four hours you have to

shut down, will figure out a time one thousand o'clock in the morning, whatever we put in your schedule, try to stay

for half an hour, no more and then just come back and let

have a conversation about how well that worked, and people

back and they say well, you know I managed it four days and one day I went over and one day I

and do it at all. It's like! Ok, that's better! Instead of seventy five min

this of studying, you know, fifteen minutes

pay for seven days. What is that? One thousand five hundred and seventy one one hundred and five minutes

managed about two hundred and ten minutes. So you've already produced an improvement of fifty percent in your bumble

in horrible way he got a fifty percent improvement in one week. It's like that's deadly, it's like

so in the future authoring program

 

people to do is think about your life along six dimensions. What you want for dimensions,

so the goal is this going to take care of yourself

hyphen three years that justifies its suffering. That's the goal, so you can

print, the damn life, but you have to think what you would be satisfied with, so you wouldn't be all bitter and resentful. It's like okay. What do you want from your family? What do you want from your friend's party and educate yourself

Do you want for your career? How are you going to use your time outside of work? How are you going to handle drugs and alcohol and other temptations like that? How are you going to keep yourself mentally and physically healthy, and these are open

questions like you get to answer them? The idea is you?

and whatever you want

plastic and you have to figure out what it is

okay, so now develop a vision. What's your life going to be like in three to five years, so you write down, then we do

else which is: okay,

and habits in your resentment in your bitterness in all of that, your procrastination gets completely out of hand and you auger down.

 

And your in your own personal version of hell in three to five years. Does that look like everyone else, that slick everyone can look into the future and think well

If I keep going on this dark path, this is where I'll end up. Well, then you got little

download line for yourself to run away from

you got a little have an outline for yourself to run towards and then you're

motivated, because some

times you know, you're just hopeful. I would like a good thing to happen. It's like yeah, but you know, I'd like to drink half boil a whiskey tonight too

like so, which is it going to be well just being hopeful about,

future might not be enough. But then you think all I see like there's that little

call thing that I outlined this waiting for me and maybe I'm afraid of

in the next next step forward, 'cause, it's demanding and challenging, it's like yeah, I'm afraid

that, but I'm way more afraid of where I might end up. If I don't get my act together and people should be that's, why

their conceptions of Helen. So many religions, it's like hell, is a real place,

that's a whole different question? Whether its weight

 

sing for you in the afterlife. That's a whole different question, but if you've never met anyone in Hell, you haven't

live very long. You have

had your eyes open, yeah. It's undeniable that feeling of toll

complete misery, undeniable yeah, especially when it's compounded by the fact

you know you did it to yourself. That's the real fun, that's the real fun part. It's like

I'm having a bitch of a time and I richly deserve it. Jesus that's

roughness is another concept that is doesn't have a voice right now. This is

another I mean this is a giant part of being human being, instead of identity,

ticks and right versus left. I think these

right versus left battles often times what they are, is a simply the battleground for the conflicts in your own mind better to have the conflict in yourself

that's another thing. I really learned well, not not only from the new testament, but a fair bit from that. You know the idea is that well,

there's evil in the world of all sorts and some

 

if it's teveel in other people

more, it's the evil in your brother's heart, but the part of it.

You can really do something about that's the malevolence in your own heart. You can.

We do something about that and now it's actually way more useful than you think so, because if you can face it in you,

then you start to understand it, and that also makes you strong enough to identify it and to fight it. When you see it in the external world plus you don't do any harm so like like there's lots of p

all over the world going out and doing reprehensible things, and you might say: well, you should go out and protest against them like that.

Sometimes you should, but

and the time you should think.

Where am I falling short of the ideal? My own ideal, dozen

have to be one that someone puts on you. Where am I

less than I should be. Where am I bitter? Where am I making the world a worse place than it has to be? You yourself

those questions will be in for a big shock, say well what would happen if you stop doing that? That's what twelve rules for life is about. It's like

stop saying things that make you weak. Stop telling lies

 

that you know to be lies, start

doing things. You know to be useless and counterproductive, aim, high dog

some responsibility and then see

what the hell happens.

People will do will do

People do that too, and I think in the if more people live their life in this sort of a matter, I think we're gonna have a less differences in terms of our ideologies and more of an understanding that people have different ways of looking at things in different ways of living and this this combat between people,

this this internal strife that manifest itself

this combat between ideologies. I think you

are much more inclined to let other people live their lives if you're living your life in a satisfactory manner that that's exactly it. That's a good that I have a

chapter in their own raising kit says: don't like your kids, don't let your

just do anything that makes you just like them

 

on the observation, deck you're, quite a monster, and it would be better for your kids if they didn't get on your bad side and like I again because I'm

clinical psychology saying monster? Why do use that term because I've watched families like I've seen families where

it's as if every single person in the family has their hands around the neck of the fam.

Remember that's close to them and their squeezing, but only titan

to strangle him in twenty years, but you're not always used as a pejorative. You you you've, also used a you should become a monster. You should be a monster yeah, but that's that's you shouldn't be it. It shouldn't be accidental.

That's the thing, so what do you mean by monster then in a positive sense like you should be a monster? Oh, that's, easy, positive monsters, somebody who says no and means it.

'cause, when you say know what you mean, is there isn't any

and you can do to me that will make me agree to do this. Why is that a monster? Because you have to be because no one

take you seriously otherwise

seriously like no means. If you keep push,

 

getting there. Something that you do not like will happen to you that

but no means you don't have any strength of

character unless you can put up a fight,

I want to be able to say no to something is to be able to put up a fight

can't do that if you're, if you can be pushed around you,

get argued into submission or you'll feel guilty, because you're causing conflict or something like that, but is there confusion using those terms, is a positive as a and a negative? Maybe is another word sort of monster? Well, there is the reason

the potential there is the potential for confusion. You say well is that something that can be

'cause, I think monster is a horrible thing. I don't think of it as being like a wall,

like someone who is just rock solid in their belief system and rock solid and-

there are understand when you, when you fight someone whose formidable say what do you think of the per

that you're fighting like? How would you characterize them? They may have a

monster side because they can bring physical.

 

Substantial physical force to bear on the situation and and be willing to do it so

not naive and and harm

us by any stretch of the imagination right, they have a well developed capacity for May him they think. Well, is that more and

it's like well, I would say: yes, I would say, fears fierce fine.

Let's go with that yeah 'cause someone whose fierce informed

it's not necessarily a monster. You know

I think of a monster is being in just an awful person. Who's done awful things, and just you know, ok, well, so fair, fair enough! Well, so back to the back to the situation with your kids, while you definite

I don't want to have your kids act in a way that awakens your inner monster right. Let's put it that way and '

so you need to you need to

organize your family with a certain amount of discipline.

In a certain amount of structure so that you get to do what you want, which is back to back to the point that you made earlier so that your

 

happy to have your kids around so that you won't take revenge on them, and so you want to lay your life out so that

so that it's providing you what you need to not be bitter and to work for your best

Tristan for the interests of everyone else. That would be lovely and I think it's attainable. You know because the book is very dark

and I'm a very dark guy in some ways, because I've looked at the terrible things that people do to

that's the fascinating way of looking at you think yourself as dark as I don't

I don't think of you as dark. That's good! You seem very friendly guy, I think you're very serious and especially about these very complicated issues, and I think that

that's one of the reasons why you have made this

gigantic wave

in online discourse and people discussing these very tumultuous times we live in is 'cause you're, a guy that did Extr

calculate your guided. Look at that see sixteen bill and look

 

Marxism and go do you know where this is headed and you were

the guy that had the courage to say, murderous and people like what the fuck is. He

talking about that doesn't make any sense and you

how to spell it out and explain it, and when you do, you realize why

this is so significant to you yeah. Well, the try

Ableism issue that you were discussing earlier doesn't seem to be all that. What would you say debatable that if we degenerate into

tribalism, the probability of bloodshed becomes vastly enhanced. It's like well, that always happens when people would evolve into tribalism

so and I'm pointing to a particular kind of tribalism. I guess the darkness is that

you know I'm very aware of the terrible things that people not only are likely to do to each other, but do do to each other. All the time I mean what about forty?

sent for divorce rate right, but you have to go.

He needs to go through a fairly fair bit of ugly

just to get to divorce.

Ideas are nicer than Americans. Maybe you guys are forty percent, maybe maybe

 

I think it's really simple be present. Yeah I mean, I think I think it actually it's fifty percent here somewhere

but yeah yeah. You have to go through a lot. That's really ugly to you know Chris Rock, how to joke about that. He's like fifty

just kind of people get divorced. He goes he goes, but that's

the people who had the courage to leave. It was how many cowards just stay and suffer.

And meanwhile, I wound up getting divorced a few years later: right, horrible divorce, so yeah true story, yeah yeah yeah, but it's a good point. Yeah

I think we need more people who are actualized human beings, more people who understand themselves more people have gone through adversity, both

 

in real life and personal, in terms of their understanding of their own growth of their own potential and their own understanding of how they've managed their life their mind there

actions and the

or we have people that have personal sovereignty, the better will

be able to have these conversations. Well that be the hope. You know. One of the things I've been suggesting to people is that they picked something difficult to do rid. This is funny little paragraph by Kierkegaard. It was written about

one thousand eight hundred and forty, and he was thinking about his role as a student and writer, and he was a student and writer forever. You know he never really had a career apart from that

and he said that he wasn't one of these people who was capable of inventing

something wonderful to make life easier,

for everyone like so many people were doing. You know during the industrial revolution he said. Well, maybe I'm one of the

people whose benefit to

 

sorry will be that I will make things more difficult for everyone, because there will come a time when what people want not they don't want ease. They

difficulty instead and I think well. That is what people want. That is what they were.

You think. Well, I want an easy happy life. It's like! No! Actually that isn't where you want. If you want to pull one, does things that are difficult, that they can overcome yeah right, that's

right. They want an optimal challenge. Well,

a whole different thing when you

overcome something when you do something difficult, whether it's I mean I've, never written a book, but I assume, when you write a book when you're done writing. That book is a great feeling of accomplishment 'cause, it's very difficult to do that, feeling of a

it's like when I put together a comedy special or when I just anything, that's difficult, there's a feeling like I did it. I did it yeah

one of the mysteries is why that feeling exists. You know it's a jet

anyone, it's not a trivial thing that it's to say I did so

being difficult, and that was worthwhile. Basically,

 

what you're saying to yourself is well. There was a lot of suffering attendant on that, along with the just general suffering of life, but it turned out.

That was worth it. That's what you want is like you.

I want that sense that you're in

aged? Something that's worth it and I say say like I: I try to not to

the casual optimist about these sorts of things mean one of the

things I do in twelve. Rules for life is layout. The rationale that drives people

like the Columbine High School killers 'cause- I uh-

understand that rationale. I've studied it for uh.

I know why they did what they did and they have a power

full argument, but it's wrong, but you don't

there's no sense in showing how it's wrong before showing that it's a powerful argument. Like light life is

suffering. There is lots of malevolence. It's no wonder that people want to bring being itself

to a halt. They want to take revenge on. It's not surprising.

Going about it. The right way is it

the sorts of things that you were just observing is you take on a difficult task that push

as you pass where you are already and you

 

you succeed in it, and you get this sense that, yes, that was worthwhile. It's like that's why

you want? You want to live in that place where things are worthwhile. That's

paradise on earth, that's what that is, and it isn't some happy little

place where you know someone is feeding you peeled grapes that isn't what

it is it's more like

more like victory on the honorable battlefield or something like that?

People have of ultimate success and ultimate happiness is. It seems motivated by what they don't have wrath

within an understanding of what success and happiness really is there.

The idea is that one day I'm going to go and I'm going to be in my

golden years and I'm just going to be able to sit around and do nothing until everybody to fuck off. You will be

happy at all yeah. I talked to one of the people that I was working with, who had like a vision

for retirement. I said: well, what's your vision for retirement? Well, I see myself in the beach. You know some tropical country drinking margaritas and I thought first, that's not plan

 

to travel posters like ok, let's, let's walk through this alright, so you go down

this tropical country and you go sit on the beach and

I have a margarita. It's like

ok! Well how many margaritas, like ten

Ok, this is going to do that. We're going to do that for six months, you'll be dead. Yeah! Well, you'll, be this like pathetic sunburned like fat, yeah unhappy, hungover, surviving yeah yeah! It's like that's your major rated. So how long can you have a margarita on a beach like? Maybe you can do that

once every six months for like ten minutes, something like that, it's not a vision

true, but when you are working and slaving away, you think about that beach with your feet up and the way

comes over. Would you like another margarita, Mister Peter, so yeah? Yes, I will absolutely and I got right exactly, but it's it's like the sixteen year old fantasy of you heard us is like well and it just doesn't work out so yeah and and the thing that the thing is. Is that the thing that's

 

the stains people through life really is the lift

of a worthwhile burden? It's something like that. But it's part '

'cause we're social animals right. It's like we're evolved to be useful

to the people around us, because they're much more likely to let us live if we're like that, so it's been

fun fund talking too, especially talking to young men about this is like

the other thing too is, I think the world the world is full of darkness. Let's say, and

we could say, each of us have a little bit of light and if we released that lie,

if we let it shine properly Christ, it's too cliched to go

one with in some sense, but.

The world is a lesser place if you do

reveal from

within yourself what you have to reveal and the fat

that the world is a lesser place actually turns out not to be trivial like if you

I want everything you could be, more people will die, more people will suffer,

more, evil will be unconstrained. More

tyranny will rain more chaos.

 

It will remain chaotic and dangerous,

all of that. Do you mean this by this? In the sense of like the old proverb of the wings of a butterfly fluttering become a hurricane

something similar to that, but it can even be more local. It's like your family is more messed up than it could be.

If you were less messed up, then you are right. So if you just got your act together,

like ten percent more your family would be one percent better right. It's like well do it and that would re

often dental people today in your s, yes, interact, yes and and what it ripples fast. Yes, that's the other thing, that's so cool. Is that, like people think well

the seven billion of us, and each of

This is just this separate test mode like floating in the cosmos and what the hell difference does it make what you do anyways. So

that is not how we're connected. So, like you

center of a network- and you know

well, you know way more people than this. But let's say typically

you know one thousand people in your life- well,

I have to have an impact on them and

 

those one thousand people is going to one thousand people so you're, one step from a million and two steps from a billion, and we are network technically that

that's how human interactions work, and so when you do

something that you shouldn't do it's worse than you think.

When you do something that you should do it's better than you think, and so you think well. This is why I've been to

People will clean up your room, it's like well, your room is actually network too. It's not that easy to

clean up your room to set it,

but you want your room to be set up so that when you walk in there it tells you to

be better than you generally. Are

it's organized? It's got direction. Every

things in its place. You try to do the

chaotic household,

because I had students. Do these sorts of things, assignments I'd say, look,

make a small moral goal, clean up your room and just right

down what happens as a consequence. So maybe these are students in a chaotic household, the whole place,

is a bloody mass, no it's taking in a responsibility for anything, and so they decide they're going to start to clean up their room.

 

And then the people in the household notice. Well, the first thing they do is

pissed off. It's like who do you think you are

like you think, you're better than us like. Why do you think this is worthwhile? Who made who

guide made you God, all of that so just by trying to

organize this little part of their life, they immediately run into the people whose actions there

casting in a dim light by trying to improve themselves to some degree they might have to have like a thorough

the war in their household to be allowed to do something as simple as keep the room orderly they find out very rapidly. That

hey, that's way more difficult than it sounds and be that the consequences of it are far more far reaching than people think so that's quite fun

maybe part of it is, is that

Everything around you is full of potential. Everything, maybe

more potential than you could ever possibly Utile eyes, and

maybe all you have is this little rat hole of a room in some rundown place in the world? It's like fix it up.

 

There's more there than you think see what happens if you fix it up and you'll fix yourself.

Simultaneously 'cause because you have to get disciplined in order to fix up the room. Many have a fixed

Broom and you'll be a more fixed up person. It's like you think that nothing will happen.

The consequences that it's like all hell,

break loose as a consequence of that

try. It is worth trying and it's a concept that seems alien to people. But if you

think about it. It makes sense. Well, people don't take what they have.

Right in front of them seriously enough. It's like the wasting time thing. They don't do the arithmetic, you know, and they

also don't understand they devalue what they have right in front of them like another. Another client I worked with was having a hard time put in his kid to bed at night, and so we did the arithmetic. It's like. Well, I'm fighting with my kid for four,

five minutes a night trying to get him to go to bed. Ok, so let let's analyze that alright! So what does that mean? What means that both

you the day upset. That's not so good. If why would you want that?

 

It means that you're spending forty five minutes fighting when you could spend twenty minutes doing something:

was it like reading to him say means that you don't get to spend that time.

With your wife, so she's not very happy with you plus you're annoyed, because you don't see her plus. You blame it on the kid because he's the proximal cause like that's pretty damn ugly and then and then let's do the rest.

It's like seven days a week, forty five minutes a day. Let's call at five hours

Twenty hours a week, two hundred four

the hours in a year at six you're spending a month and a half of work weeks, fighting with your four year old son, think you're, going to like him.

You don't like anyone you spend a month and a half a year fighting with it's a bad idea, fix it get important to bed, make it peaceful. You do

Like these things, that repeat every single day, that's a motif in this book to your life is a

margaritas on a beach in in Jamaica.

That happens now, and then those are exceptions. Your life is how your wife,

 

greet you at the door when you come home every day

Your life is how you treat each other over the breakfast table

that's an hour and a half for an hour every single day you get those

mundane things right, those things you do everyday, if concentrated on them and you make them pristine. It's like you got. Eighty percent of your life put together

these little things that are right in front of us: they're, not little. That's the first thing

they are not little and they're hard to set right, and if you set the right, it has a rippling effect and fast to way faster than people. Think I want to talk about

The rippling effect 'cause. I know you gotta get outta here at one, but I want to talk about the rippling effect that you

who have had on people and how that makes you feel I mean you were relatively unknown.

A year and a half two years ago,

and now you have become

lack of a better term you're an online celebrity and your

 

each is fantastic now. This thing that you were talking about about how your

impact can affect

the people around you in a knot versus a not insignificant

way, a very significant way. What does I've been?

like for you and what is that adjustment then, like I said I haven't adjusted to it. How old are you fifty five, so for fifty three years

you're, relatively anonymous, other outside of university yeah yeah. I had a little bit of a little bit of it

closure? I did some work with the public television station

You know I had my little flashes of

the appearance. Is that compared to this just crazy? What

done on the show mean millions

yeah. One million people have listened and watched each each sink, each individual episode, yeah there

about two million views each and then that's nothing compared to the Youtube Youtube is nothing compared to the audio yeah. So the audio is like five times

 

or something yeah. So that's yeah, it's completely crazy. I know I haven't adjusted to it. So

I mean. Have you adjusted to your status? I'm numb,

yeah. So what so? What so? What's it like, when you think about it, you wake up in the morning

you think. Ok, I'm I'm going

a billion downloads this you don't think that I think I'm going to talk to Jordan Peterson when I want to talk to you about that's how I handle it exactly the same thing for the last fifteen months. This is what I've got up in the morning. I've looked at the

twenty five things I have to do in a mad rush before seven hundred o'clock at night. I think

I'm going to go through them and I'm going to concentrate on them do the

job. I can then at seven o'clock,

and I'm going to have a rest, I'm going to take a look at what I have to do tomorrow,

and I'm going to do the same thing. That's what I've been doing and then,

when I stand back a little bit like when it's sort of dawns on me, you know, then it's disconcerting surreal. I can't figure it out. I can't understand it

 

but then I, but there's no sense dwelling on that, because

first of all, I don't know how to conceptualize. I don't know why it's happening. Exactly like I think what's happened is that

I said it. There was something I wouldn't do with regards to this legislation, and I meant I actually

I wasn't going to use those words under legal compulsion period, no matter what and actually meant that. So there was that, but then I think the more relevant

I've been studying these old stories, these archetypal stories for very long of time, and they have power.

They really have power and they manage.

Ask themselves everywhere. They manifest themselves in movies and books, and I mean he

reporters of mythological story and it made Roland Rich

the queen of England, you know these stories have power, and I was fortunate

enough to study a large number of people, large

 

number of scholars who knew what that power was Carl Jung in particular, and I could make it more accessible to people and so that's a big part of it, but what

overall significance of that is, but it just leaves me speech

plus I mean this Kathy Newman things. A good example

and I mean so many things have happened. I've got involved, I've been in this scandal of some sort.

Serious scandal of some sort, probably

every three weeks,

for a year and a half,

There are things that are just well the

James Damore thing is a good example of that. Like that's a big deal, you know that

that explosion that emerged row

him in the court case. That's coming out of it. It's a big deal and this thing with Lindsey Shepherd. That was the worst scandal that ever hit a canadian

university and then the result,

protests and

and then the words what happened with Channel four in the Uk- and it's like- I don't know what to make of it. I don't what

 

what I'm trying to do is

good conversation. When I come and talk to somebody like you, where we can have a good conversation, try not to say anything stupid,

That's really what I'm trying to do is to not say anything stupid

stupid yeah. Well and it's high stakes, poker yeah. You know for it's not quite so bad now, because

especially after what happened with Channel four and some journalists like people have been trying to take me out for quite a long time, and it's not. It isn't working.

So for your hours. You actually believe what you're saying it actually makes sense. Well,

that's the start. It's not a bad start, but it's rare in this world. This is uh, especially in these ideologically charged times this toxic tribalism that we keep bringing up. It's

when I also decided like a long time ago- and I I think this runs through twelve rules for life is well, I believe that people's decisions

 

tilt the world towards Heaven or hell? I

think there's no more accurate way of describing the consequences of each of your decisions than that you face potential. That's what you face, the that's, what you

facing the world is potential. It's not

material reality, its potential

and every decision. You make your decide

whether you want to make the world better or worse, and if you like, the ultimate,

where is Heaven and the ultimate worse is hell? We know how

make the world into hell we've done that multiple times

much of the 20th century was that it's like. I looked at all

and I thought ok, I would rather

is that the world didn't degenerate into Hell, and I understand

people want it to degenerate into Hell. They're angry they're angry because they suffer

they suffer unfairly and they suffer because people hurt them and so

I think this is a bad game. I'm not going to help make it better. I'm angry! I'm

to make it worse. Even that's what the Columbine kids did.

 

You know that's what all the mass shooters do. They say to hell with this. I hate it.

There is so far behind the game. They just want to flip the table ever get worse than that they and they want to obliterate the game, yes and- and they

want to do it with as much malice possible just to obtain revenge, and I understand that, but I did

right along time ago? That I would rather not play that game? I think it. I think that it's possible that we could make the world better

I really believe believe that too. So I think well, so I'm I'm trying to tell people look.

There's more to you than you think, there's more poten

sure, there's more than enough potential to go around, there's definite

suffering malevolence in the world. We could fix it. You haven't, got anything better.

That's a very big point that there's more potential to go around more did more than people understand that we're not going to run out of potential were not this idea. The famine thinking is one of the

reasons why people get upset other people success. They think somehow another this other person success, take something away from them.

 

That's. The other thing too, is that I've realized that people actually act like what they confront in the world is potential

funny, because whatever potential is it's not materially measurable, but if you tell someone you're not living up to you,

potential they go yeah. Well, I know that it's like well. What is that potential that you're not living up to

and then, when you say well, there's potential in front of you, you know that you can walk out on the street new cool right or left or straight ahead, like your face.

Facing this thing that isn't fully formed and you get to

decide how it's going to form and you can make it better and so MIKE

question is like the world's a rough place. There's no doubt about it. It's a harsh place, but my question is

What would happen if we start making it worse? How good could it be if we stop making it worse,

and I don't know if there's an upper limit to that like it might be, maybe

we could make it really really really good.

 

Nothing better to do than that. So I came. Heaven start at home, even

Tell the truth. Let's see what the hell happened. You know like it.

It is the case. Clearly on

facts of the matter.

In twenty years, it wouldn't have to be a single person in the world that was hungry,

If we could get rid of the five biggest diseases that currently plague the planet, we could straighten things up,

and God only knows what things could be like that or we could let the whole thing degenerate into hell,

so in each of us is making that decision with each decision. That's the other thing that I've understood.

Take a choice you want hell. If you pick want just remember.

You knew what you were doing when you picked, but nobody pick cell,

yeah just sort of let it slide yeah, but they do it because they blind themselves. You know, you know,

 

you do it say? Oh yeah? Well you know I let that slide, and then you don't think about it. It's like you could think about it. You could think about it. You could know.

But you don't let yourself now

is any of this. All all all the pressure in the scandal. Every three weeks is this.

Is it away on you? Is it? Is it difficult

How are you feeling

when I was feeling strange thing:

Yeah, it's like it's like

Multani Aslee, the worst possible thing in the best possible thing that could happen

well financially

right. Yes, it's!

Yes, as as in the old white, yes, I mean the thing that I've I shouldn't say this, but I'm going to because it's just so god damn funny. I can't help but say

I figured out how to monetize social justice warriors.

So this is what it is. I do it so funny it just can't believe it. The other way it just every time. I think that

It's just one of the surreal circumstances that characterize my life. It

 

like I'm, driving the social justice activists in Canada, mad because

get to speak and then more people support me on Patreon, like that's annoying, it's, like God, damn

capital steez, make more money off this ideological warfare's like ok, let's go protest, so they go protest me, then that goes up on Youtube and then my page

tacos way up, so it's like,

do and so one of the things that keep a jersey here, yet they keep accusing

we have

hauling in the loot- and I think well, look here's the situation guys. I give away

everything I do online for free. It's free.

And people are giving me money, they're, just sending it to me, I'm not twisting

Europe not even asking them for it. Well, I guess that's not exact

great cuz. I set up the patron account, but that's more complicated than it looks. A lot of that was curiosity and I thought well. I could increase the poor

 

quality of my online video slows also the potential of you being removed from the universe. Yes, well that and that was your life and so yeah and yeah people wanted that yeah. They haven't

pop winding that's in October, when the

Lindsay Shepherd scandal broke, and it would look so bad for the left wing. Ideologues like two hundred University of Toronto

community members signed a petition to get me fired again, and I was

I'm upset about that, and this is what my life is been like it. So my son

over that day and I said Jesus Julian, you know I'd like to hundred people at the faculty member at it. In at the University of Toronto petitioned the

faculty association and then they sent in a petition to the administration to get me fired. It was the faculty association, that's my union, they didn't even contact me and Julian said to worry about

yeah. It was only two hundred people and I thought that's what my life is like. It's like a day

over two hundred people signed a petition to get me fired as a professor, my

 

son can come in and say: well, that's not so bad! It's like it's only two hundred pets. How weird this scales yeah! That's right! It's! So it's so surreal because you could

say that online and look what

happening and then the support would be overwhelming, for who knows how many people? What do you mean ultrasounds of that yeah, absolutely well in the administration of the University of Toronto, like that they didn't

take it seriously at all the cold have me removed it didn't cause any didn't, even cause a ripple now who

these two hundred people and what was their motivation? Oh well there

to say what the motives were not very happy with the read the transcript or listen to those recordings yeah. How could they possibly be against you based on that all because they think that the people who who who conducted the inquisition were right? What I mean

Oh, yes, but it look. Look I mean I mean this formally like twenty members of Pimlott San Rambukkana's faculty. That was,

 

indications at Wilfrid, Laurier wrote a letter supporting them.

That's why it's not an isolated incident. It's like no! No! They thought that what they were doing was right. It's mass

the stereo, while there is an element of that. That's for sure and there's certainly again. I hate to bring this term up again, but this toxic tribalism thing this, like they're they're supporting their own, and they

we understand that their own ideologies have been completely connected to the same type of group. Think that's

going against Lindsay Shepherd in that meeting when they tried

paint her as a radical right winger and which he certainly isn't course, not neither you mean the whole thing is,

ridiculous you're, not all right you're, not a NEO nazi. You know. I've read a lot of crazy things about you and knowing you personally seeing this stuff and like this is this is a fast

anytime, you later, that's for sure, that's for sure yeah and it's been well. It's been crazily

what would I say, crazy, stressful, it's it's the best

 

describe, it is surreal like it's like I step,

outside myself! I can't I can't put this in a box. I don't know what to make.

I don't know what to make of the channel for interview. You know it's like what the hell. Really it's, it's it's crazy! Well, it's it's

These conversations are so limited by what you were saying before that they're trying to get this five minutes sound bite in and that's what television has become its

dying meat yeah, it doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense to sandwich these commercials in every fifteen minutes or whatever they do not have it.

Makes any sense. It's an archaic way of communicating ideas yeah. Well, I think that is part of it, too. Is that, like I happened to catch a technologic

wave. Well, like you did, you know, I mean there

Vision offers nothing over Youtube. Nothing!

 

You can do to welcome to my tv yeah, well exactly and there's no space requirements on Youtube, so you don't have to do this twist. The comp

this event into a short, sound bite and entertain everyone right, and it turns out to the

There's this huge audience online for actual content like.

Just genuine conversation 'cause, like one of the things, that's how

open between you and I when, when I've come down here, we've actually had

Conversation right we're trying to figure things out

we got our viewpoints and everything, but we're basically

road lightness and there's a chapter in twelve rules for life called assume that the person you're talking to Might

know, something you don't which is like the form

for a good conversation, it's like there's a

things I don't understand about the world. I mean that that's a big book things I don't understand about the world right, that's a very thick book.

I can come in here and talk to you about what's going on and hopefully we both emerge.

With better understanding, we're not the same people that we were when we walked in and that's a good thing, and then

 

We have those conversations online and people can participate in that

trying to do that. My lectures to like what I did, this biblical series

that was another thing that was so strange. Joe is like imagine I walk

into a like a

venture capitalist

station. I said look I want you guys to bankroll me, I'm going to do fifty

lectures on the old testament and I'm going to try to attract young men. I'm going to rent a theater like they

Just laugh me out of there. She can you imagine anything less saleable than that

did that went ahead with it. I rented to theater and then I walked through these stories, and I was learning a lot because, like I knew

first stories in Genesis up to the flood. I knew them pretty well, I kind of understood what they meant, but then all the

queries from Abraham onward, I had read them, but I hadn't done in deep.

Failed in depth analysis, and so I was learning a tremendous amount walking through those stories and they had a big had a big impact man, and so I'm going to do

 

this soon. 'cause. I want to do that, but it's just another

sample of how surreal things have become, but also the

the utility of a good conversation because like when I'm up on on

podium say lecturing I'm not exactly lecture. I'm trying to figure something

note and sharing that process with the audience which is so different than what is going on in universities. That is freaking everybody out.

What's going on. Is this indoctrination into this group thing yeah? It's like he

Here's! What's right, memorize it! It's like my

pictures are more like. Well, I don't know what's right, like here's some things I know and they seem to be working and here's how I use those tools to dig.

This story and here's what it might mean- and this is what I got from it, and and hear some universal truths about human beings that seem to be, and then I tried

explore that's like well. Should we believe this? Should we like that when Abraham in the abrahamic story?

sample mean Abrahamsson old Guy and he's basically lived in his mom's basement. That's that's! Really! The beginning of the story, he gets a call to advise

 

I'm sure you know God says, will get get, get away,

premier family in your kin. Get out there in the world is the call to adventure. Think ok,

I find that's a heroic motif, but their name

same goes out in the first thing. He encounters is like tyranny and starvation and then a bunch of guys want to steal his wife, so it's been in,

pertaining to take those stories apart and to see why their foundational 'cause, they are foundational and they're, not near ignorance,

whatever they are ignorant soup

petition is not the right category Howie.

Please change your classrooms

going back teaching since all of this hit 'cause.

When did you start teaching? Well

I guess that's not true, that's not true! I I taught from January to May of of two thousand and sixteen well the first way is it changed it

that I was like so so. Shell shocked when I went to to teach last January,

 

and I was really sick. Like I've been really sick, this year had

last January cheeses, it was just dismal. I wouldn't wish that were wish that on my worst enemy, I had three weeks where I didn't sleep, a wink. Try that that's really entertain.

One long day of misery: that's three weeks long, what kind of a an illness it looks like an autoimmune disorder? Do you think is because of stress you know, I, don't you, don't you don't act at all? Well, yeah! I think it. It probably made it worse, but no

something that I battle with for a long time and it's something that really

my wife and I have autoimmune illness and my daughter got what autoimmune ohms don't know exactly what it is. I don't

what it is in my daughter it manifest. Yes, that's what's fixed fixed it

all I eat is meat and no, no vegetables, no carbohydrates sit in. That's it

 

that seems to have fixed it yeah. This is so many well. I can tell if you hadn't, listened out of pocket sized yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Well, I've been following them because my daughter has a blog to call, don't eat that, and my daughter has

Tera, Tera, ballade immune disorder. It was awful. I detailed that out in chapter twelve, she had thirty eight affected joints

and she had her hip enter ankle, replaced when she was sixteen cheese, and so she walked around on two broken legs for a year and in

excruciating pain. She was an extreme,

my high doses of opiates, and so she was addicted to opiates, which she like she just

once she had her surgery. She just went off them cold turkey and like suffered through the withdrawal for two months compared to what she

been through. That was nothing like what she went

the menu it was dreadful, and that was just the surface

but that was only the beginning of a real nice. She had all sorts of other things that were worse than that, and so we've figured she was probably going

die by the time she was thirty 'cause. My cousin's daughter

 

had a similar autoimmune problem. She died when she was thirty, so is bloody dreadful, but she figured out

at one point that it was associated with diet and then she went on a radically restricted diet and she Christ. She she was on

antidepressants she's. Not she had take Ritalin to stay away

she could only stay awake about six hours a day and she had take high doses of Ritalin distilling, she

What is this autoimmune disease while she had her diagnosis was rheumatoid arthritis right, but she didn't have the blood

markers for it, but she had all the other symptoms anyway. She she figured out this room.

Strict diet. She only ate chicken and broccoli for about two months and almost all

symptoms went away and she's pretty much symptom free now and which is a complete miracle.

And she convinced me to try this diet a year and a half ago, and so

I lost seven pounds a month for seven months. That was the first thing, which was just

buddy amazing yeah, it was unbelievable, was until I couldn't believe it.

 

And what was your diet, rich and refined carbohydrates before that rich enough, yeah rich enough? You know,

pasta is in bread and things almost grabbed. In particular, I eat a lot of bread.

So. The first thing that happened was a quick snoring. That happened immediately took took one week and I was snoring quite badly that so that disappeared in a week, and that was amazing. I thought oh that's interesting in.

I had gastric reflux disorder that went away and then I lost seven pounds the first month. I thought home. That's a lot, seven pounds,

I had psoriasis that went away at floaters,

my right eye, which is also not immune problem that went away

I have had gum disease for thirty years that

in a way. That's amazing! I'm fifty five, like my gum disease went away. I figured it, although

out so my life in the last year. It was so sort strange it 'cause I get up in the morning and I think

 

all these bloody scandalous things are happening around me and I have to deal with that and then I think I need a break

but I can't eat anything. I cannot eat anything because if I ate the,

I think it would like knock me out for a month, so I was trying to

what the hell was wrong with my diet, and I was feeling

shit, and so it's like if I was like wolves at the back door and crocodiles at the front door, or something like that so, but but

whatever, like I'm down to the same way, I was when I was twenty five wow yeah no kidding and I've.

It looks enerji I wake up in the morning and I wake up that's now.

I happen to be my whole life. I've always had.

I have a shower like took me an hour to wake up my whole life. That's gone, I'm not hungry

I don't have hypoglycemia I've lost

energy

 

so I can't go out for dinner and then you can eat nonsense. You can eat I'm on the same diet, meat and greens. I don't have a disorder like you did in the same regard, but I take a day when I have a cheat day

I don't even do it every week. Well, have a cheeseburger or something like that, but for the most part that's the

is that I follow as well yeah well for some people. It seems like like well for a massive amount of people.

I think, for far more people than we know. I think the apple or carbohydrate poisoning themselves can't believe yes and along with all the other things that go along with it insulin, yeah. You know that calm,

blood, sugars, yeah, good cholesterol. In this. This idea that cholesterol and saturated fat of the problems of people who are experiencing it's not true, no, the real problem is sugar and cholesterol has been demonized in I'm sure you read the article New York Times or the sugar industry yeah paid off some.

 

Into star ally about the results. Yeah yeah! Well, I know too that to food scientists in the: U K resigned about three years ago. They were, they were part and parcel of the organization and it produced the food pyramid. They said it was the worst public health disaster, the

forty years, pretty much got it backwards. Yeah you look around, you know you drive through the US. It's really obvious in the US. Is people are overweight like mad, but now yeah, I can

z, it's crazy keyless go to Disney Disney when the exact it's insane. It is, but you know- and the reason is as far as I can tell

The reason is is that there are poisoning themselves with carbohydrates.

It looks like and the thought process is so out of wack. I

but we did an article today from Nina tie Schultz. She she tweeted it about this trend of eating. Only egg whites

now terrible. It is for you, it's a health disaster, and this idea that

cholesterol from the egg yolk is bad. For is one of the most important things you can eat.

It's weight, watchers is adjusted. Yeah see, goes wait. Watch,

 

there's diet program now adjust their approach there

protocol and they say that eat all the eggs you want. It is now a zero point, food which is fucking incredible,

the way I don't get hungry is I eat a lot of oil like a lot of olive oil? Yes, so that keeps

That's you know: you're, basically burning fat you're on a like a key to genic diet, yeah yeah, when it seems to be well and that that was conflict. That would been complicated enough to keep me occupied, for

past two years, specially sorting it out with my daughter because she well, that was quite the bloody nightmare. I can tell you it was really something, but I can't believe

I figured it out. It's amazing. It is amazing and like she's, really she's in pretty damn good shape. She just had a baby like five months ago, so that was awesome

Two yeah stun man were stunned because, like it was it

rough well. She sounds like an incredibly exchanges. Quite the tough cookie that girl sounds like it. Many people are.

Sing the same revelation that their diet is count.

 

I was tired all the time I doubt it hit, and I mean I was always very, very active, so I stayed lean because of my physical activity, but

by the end of the day. I need an

I would always take a nap before I go to Jujitsu. I was like I have to take a nap or I can't train

carbohydrates two hours a day, and now

not at all me too. Well, I think that's not exactly true when I've been zooming around. I take like two minute naps. When I'm in the airport or whatever, that's also you're, probably not getting enough sleep yeah right exactly if Antioch so yeah, it's been, it's been remarkable. So

why did you stop teaching? Oh well, I took a sabbatical because of uh

this yeah. Well, I told I told my department chair, said: look. I I had a sabbatical coming up next year. I said: look you know, there's too much going on it'll be better for

take the sabbatical this year, then I can concentrate on my teaching next year. So you take the entire year off yeah

 

about eight months in yeah, yeah yeah. What I always teach from, I put all my courses from January to March. I teach all them in the same semester and that lame enabled me to concentrate on my research and for the rest of the time and so technically I'll be going back teaching in January of two thousand and nineteen technically technically, not convinced. Well, I can't think

Year ahead. At the moment, I don't know what the hell's going like: I'm not going to go back and teach the same way because at some point the technique

Sql transformation means you have to approach things differently, and so now

if I do a lecture online, whatever the lecture happens to be, I can get a hundred and fifty thousand people to watch it. That's minimum, so the first question would be

Well, why would I teach three hundred people when I could teach one hundred and fifty thousand that's just stupid? Who would do that?

 

those same three hundred people are also have access to the home. Exactly that's right, that's exactly it and the next thing is well. I taped my maps, a meeting class of my personality class for three years running. It's like it's there. Well, I could do it again, but why Bryce taped, where I would

another lecture about new things. So that's what I did this year. I did this biblical series which I haven't done before, but now, if I'm going to lecture again, I'm going to lecture about different things because

is the technology has transformed the landscape, we're not in nineteen ninety anymore, not even a little bit right. So this is something that brought up the bread wine

and I'm hoping he falls along the same one that Weinstein not steam. I make that mistake. Often sorry, but but it is the same thing: brilliant guy,

restricted by his university, big scandal leaves- and I'm hope,

 

He follows the same path 'cause. He has so much to offer and he has so much to offer for anybody who can get online and one of the things that's really fun about Youtube and having

my lectures on Youtube is that the own?

only reason people watch them is. One reason is 'cause. They want to learn, that's it, and so you might think

well. Where is the university

where people want to learn right? It's like ok! Well, you

tube is the university, because there's hundreds of thousands of people on you

maybe millions who just want to learn like fine, I'm an educator

I'll talk to people who want to learn because, if you're an educator, that's what you do

most effectively done in the done in self. Evidently

and so now I'm trying to figure this out. You know like I like my job at the university. U of T is treated me well, apart from this scandal, thing

they were kind of taken aback by they didn't know what to do about that. You know it was a new law and when I made the

 

video criticizing bill C sixteen I said I think that making this video is,

probably illegal in and of itself was there

traversal eight moments in your career before that? No wow? No, I mean did surprise me because I've always, I would say that, but the content of my lectures has been a typical, but it's been a typical in a good way, like the student response to my lectures has always been extremely good.

Extremely good. I'm always surprised that I was able to teach what I'm teaching, because I always thought that it was

insanely revolutionary, but it was red

solutionary in a really like in

scholarly way. You know, like I'm, a careful scientist, I'm a careful thinker, I think things all the way through to the boss

and I'm really self critical like when I wrote maps of meaning, which was my first book I see

expect. I rewrote every sentence at least fifteen times it's

 

probably more than that, and I really literally mean rewrite it. So I take the sentence out of the paragraph. Put it in another document

right, like ten variants of the sentence and then pick the one that was best, and I did that I could took me fifteen years

right. I did that over and over and over, and so what I was write a sentence and then I think, okay.

Have I got all the words right? Every single word is that the proper words, the proper phrase is the proper sentence. Do I believe that this sentence is true,

then, I think like of ten ways I could attack it and see if I could break it apart and find out what was wrong and only kept the ones that I couldn't destroy and like I was going out full force to destroy them, because I wanted to come up with a you know. Come up. I wanted to produce a book that I could not break no matter what I did, and so I spent fifteen years on not now that was the basis.

 

Well it's the basis for twelve rules for life. It's been the basis for all the lectures, I've done and so forth and, like I can't see where it's wrong, and mostly what I was trying to do is to see where it was wrong and I can't get underneath that I can't break it,

That's what's so fascinating to me about all this stuff and not to not to

overly exaggerate the significance of this, but just to be completely honest about it, you're, the right guy

for the job and it's sort of found you it's real,

weird 'cause, there's not a lot of people that are that meticulous about their thoughts and about there

work in about their writing about there,

criticizing their own ideas to the point when they break them down. Try to break them. Try a part. I had a big problem, so when I, when I start

integrate maps of meaning, I thought ok, what's the situation. This is the cold war, we've divided into two armed tribal camps and we've decided,

 

that settling the difference between us is worth risking being itself. We could. We could drive everything

into extinction were willing to take that chance. It's like what the hell is going on.

What was truly driving the tribalism of the cold war, including its including the generation of that fast nuclear arsenal cuz. It just seemed to me to be insanity taken to the final pinnacle. So I wanted to know that and I wanted to know okay,

having figured out why that's happening, what could be done about it, so it would stop and at the same time I was also studying what happened in aushwitz with the Nazis

All of that, and so it was a very serious problem and I actually wanted to have that. I actually wanted to answer.

I didn't want to write an interesting book about it.

It wasn't even that I wanted to write a book exactly. It was just at writing. A book was the best way to figure out the problem, because it's

 

It's really writing a book is so rigorous. You know, 'cause, you think

you can only remember so much. You have to write it down.

But then you can remember way more and you can write and then the next day you can go back and think. Ok, I'm going to take that God. Damn argument apart, going to see if there's

anything about it this week and so, and I think I did figure it out. I think I did figure it out so and then, when I when I well, then I started lecturing about it. Lectures were always unbelievably well regarded like people. The kids in the classes would always right for the evaluations at the end of your eighty percent of them would say this happened for twenty years to say this class changed everything about the

way. I look at the world, it's like yeah! That's what happened to me too, and I wrote that book. It's like, I didn't think the same way at all. When I was done, I started

understand what these ancient stories meant was. Like shocking, never recovered from it, listen you're at a time. Thank you

twelve rules for life, an antidote to chaos,

 

Jordan Peterson, I made uh

made a discount for your viewers again for the future authoring program? Ok, so what do they have to do? Rogan just use

Rogan and how do they get to the website without fourth ring dot com, okay, yeah, yeah and I'll? Send you a link for

thanks a latte and also thanks for everything,

weird world that I'm in and people say that all the time they come up and say. Look I heard about you on Joe Rogan's, like like thousands of

told me that so well, it's been careful to spin an honor. I appreciate it. Thank you. You bet.

Thanks everybody, thanks June into the podcast, and thanks to butcher box

I'll go to butcher box, dot com order now and you get ten bucks off, plus free bacon by using the code, a Rogan, that's butcher, box, dot com

use the code. Word Rogan, ten bucks off and free bacon, and you can

 

so anytime without penalty, so give it a try and thank you also to Squaw,

cast the simplest way to pay people back, download the free square cash app for Ios

or android now, and

can you download the app enter the reward code? Rogan excuse me

through the reward code, Joe Rogan, all one word, Joe Rogan, and you will receive five doll,

using the cash app, will send five dollars to Justin Brands, fight for the forgotten charity so once again download the free ski

their cash app for Ios or Android and enter the code word Joe Rogan. All one word to receive five dollars. An additional five dollars goes to the

fight for the forgotten, a real win win. Ladies and gentlemen, you get five dollars and five dollars

those two an amazing cars. Alright, all right, that's it for now. Thank

 

so much appreciate you all appreciate you folks, tuning in and will see you soon. Bye.
